I bought 2 of these last year and I have never had  plants that grew as thick and tall as the ones that did under these lights. Lights aren't too heavy, easy to hang, and I felt a decent price for what I had researched. We had tomatoes coming out of our ears after and early start with these. Highly recommend to anyone serious about gardening.
Doing a bang up job inside my hydroponic greenhouse. Operating 24/7 over a GH 36 unit aeroponic system. Do a good job.
This is a great Fluorescent light. I've been using it for cuttings for a while and was using it for smaller plants before that but replaced it with a brighter multi-spectrum LED. This like uses 86-87 Watts of power testing on a kilowatt power meter. The specs say it produces 8000 lumens and I wouldn't doubt it because it is pretty bright. It runs fairly cool and doesn't seem to make any sounds.
This item has been serving me well for over a month now of 24/7 operation.  I bought this with the intention of starting pepper seeds and rooting clones of my current plants before winter.  The light this small guy puts out is quite impressive and plants respond very well to it.I am using a hydrofarm hothouse/heatmat in conjunction with this T5 and the results have been extremely satisfying.  Every seed/clone I have placed under this light has either popped or taken root.  Nothing really feels cheap about it either.  I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to keep plants alive during the winter.
I bought this last August as my other seed starting methods weren't working too well. I tried a seed starting kit with plastic top in a sunny window and it just wasn't enough light. Tried in flats outside and our temperatures just varied too much to get good results.This light has been fantastic. I have a large batch of seedlings started for my garden, everything from cucumbers to melons to herbs and they all look beautiful.  It's light years better then what I've tried before. ;-)My husband hung this with the suggested ratchet hangers - also great - in my laundry room over a counter top. I have it pulled up towards the ceiling when not in use and just lower it down when I'm ready to plant. I'm using seed starting trays from Gardener's supply and then transplanting to plastic pots I got here, on Amazon.  Then I built a small cold frame in the garden -  superhoops from Gardener's covered with greenhouse plastic and some shade cloth -  so the plants can harden off out there and then I can start more under the lights.I also plan to use this in the winter to have some herbs - basil, cilantro, etc -  around for cooking and some fresh greens like lettuces, as well.  I think this will work even better then those pod growing systems at much less cost.I'm having so much fun growing veggies with this, and as I have a large garden, I'm considering a second one so I can start even more seedlings at once.  Highly recommended!
Just received and set up so can't speak to long-term quality.  Initially it looks good and was packaged from the factory fairly well but not very well packed by Amazon for its trip to Japan.  Luckily everything survived and it is doing its job.  Puts out a decent amount of light compared to others I've had but I don't have any way of quantitatively measuring the output or spectrum.  The construction is solid and the hangars are no nonsense and stable.  I only wish the hangars were closer to the edges of the fixture frame but I suppose there may be an engineering reason for them being set in a little bit.  Will update in the future once longevity and durability can be assessed.
I use this light for seedling development before moving them to my EnvirGro T5 4&#34; 8Bulb.  I just received my new 2 ft a few weeks ago and my seedlings have taken off very well.  Still under the dome (so fixture is approx 6-8&#34; away from plants) my seedlings have not shown any signs of stretching or stress caused by inadequate lighting and my seedlings will soon be ready for transfer into their final pots.  Highly recommend this light fixture for anyone with small to medium sized indoor gardens, but other than to start seedlings/clones it is too small to do anything with.
Working Great. Wouldn't have minded handles, but it does look better then the one with handles.
I own multiple SmartPots including the 500 gallon version. My collection is slowly building up!Just like the others, this is a great pot. You cannot go wrong with a Smartpot. They all drain well, and every plant I've grown in them do amazingly well.
I have two of these and also one of the same things except it has handles cut into it.Im letting my soil sit till its cool enough out to plant my veggies n the like.Seems very sturdy,holds water very well.
Purchased one of the 1 gallon capacity fabric containers, mostly as a tryout and formulate an impression (ahead of spring planting activities.) Transplanted a smaller plant in the container, hoping to promote growth. Indeed the plant appears to thrive, albeit in a greenhouse atmosphere.  I imagine that for active hobby- or professional gardeners, the fabric containers are most effective, given their aeration allowance and repeated use.  In our case, am not sure that (a) I needed the alleged advantages of a fabric container, or (b) that I can even establish the effectiveness as regards my planting.  I have given the soft-sided container a perfect rating, given that I couldn't come up with drawbacks or honest criticism.  At this point in the season, we, as homeowners and mostly plant buyers, have no genuine need for a container with the specifications and / or advantages of Smart Pots.
I am sure these pots will preform as previously rated. I cannot wait to get outside to fill and plant. The winder has been so long.
Love this product.....awesome why use anything else to grow? the aireation and simplicity of this is well perfect! Ill never use anything else
If all they say about this pot is true, it's a great deal.  I planted a dwarf raspberry in it and it's doing super well.  The big test will come this winter when that bugger freezes.  If the bush survives I will truly be thankful.  This size pot is impossible for me to even consider moving, even with help.  Will see.
These have exceeded my expectations. They've held up through twice daily watering, one hundred degree heat, and freezing temperatures. The potatoes I planted within them have thrived and should be easier to harvest.
I ordered this on Jan. 27 - arrived Jan. 30 - totally amazed! The fabric is also much sturdier than anticipated - I already have half the work done to complete the use of this Smart Pot. If they sold smaller sizes I'd be purchasing several.
These really do work for the little black ants I have. I use them outside and inside both. Good product.
I had these things all over my house, inside and out.  Did NOTHING to control the sugar ants in Florida.  Maybe a different type of ant is attracted to these but for those tiny little ants in Florida, Terro liquid baits work the best.  The ants pay zero attention to these Combat baits.
Easy to apply to specific areas of concern. I am not completely sure of its effectiveness yet but Combat has a great reputation and so I'm sure that it will work.
I've used this particular product before and it works very well.  I placed all 6 bait traps out in my kitchen and two days later, NO ANTS!!!!!  I couldn't be happier, so far.  I don't know if they've left because their queen is now on death's door or what.  All I know is they are no longer scouting around in my kitchen or anywhere else in my house.I really didn't want to use this method to get rid of them but, they left me no choice.  They crossed the line when they came into my house.Great product!
I have gotten an assortment of ant traps for in and out of the house. These I use directly next to the ant hills. Easy to spot when done and fast placement. Seems to have taken care of the queen of this particular hill.
I put 2 of these at each of the 3 door thresholds in my house. I don't see any ants around those areas. I need to get more for the window areas because the other brand, which I've put in the kitchen window sill, doesn't seem to be preventing all the ants.
I placed six of these around my ants.  They were surrounded.  They walked under, around and over, but never in.  so i went to a store and got terro liquid ant baits (the same type thing).  the ants immediately went running for the things and crawled all over themselves trying to get in.  Then they went out and off to their &#34;hive&#34;.  Combat did absolutely nothing for me, and I can only wonder at the other positive reviews!
I've used combat on and off for years for ant and roach invaders with great success. In fact, I always ensure to keep them on hand for when I see one of these bugs enter my home. I live in the deep south and these invaders are as common as the humidity and greenery that surrounds us. I set a couple of these out; I don't usually have to use all six, as directed and within days the bugs are gone.Overall, I recommend these without hesitation for use in the home and out on a patio. Just be sure to keep them out of the reach of pets and children. Some dogs are curious and/or are attracted to the scent. Problem with ants, then be sure to give these a try.
We were getting overrun by compost, especially in the winter when nothing breaks down. After looking at many expensive larger bins, I realized for about the same price I could set up a worm composter, and keep the composting going all winter. It's in our kitchen under the counter, and no one knows it's there. No smell, compared to our small counter compost container, which often reeked. The worms are established and thriving after three weeks settling in, and I think this was a great solution.
After reading Amy Stewart's book The Earth Moved: On the Remarkable Achievements of Earthworms, I was immediately taken with the idea of inviting these sweet little beasties into my home, or rather my backyard. Worm castings are great for starting seeds or container gardening of any kind because they are nutritious and help hold moisture in the soil or potting medium. I just scatter my spare castings into my vegetable garden to help improve the soil.The instructions with this bin will lead you to believe you should microwave your food scraps and chop them up tiny for your worms - but they're being way over-cautious. My worms seem perfectly happy with slightly shredded (all vegetable!) kitchen scraps (non-microwaved!), and the worms are about the lowest-maintenance \"pet\" I've had. I check on them whenever I add new kitchen scraps, every 3-4 days or so, and they rarely need anything from me beyond their lettuce and melon bits - every couple months some new shredded newspaper seems to be called for - other than that, they just churn out worm castings and take care of kitchen scraps in a pretty effortless way!If you want to be all gung-ho and learn about worm composting more, you can read Worms Eat my Garbage by Mary Appelhof. This does come with an instructional DVD though, so that will get you well on your way!(Note: This worm bin doesn't come with worms. You can buy red worms separately.)
It's working!Our kitchen scraps are now being consumed by worms and becoming a valuable resource for us. Sounds good to me!I'm excited because I checked my worm factory last night and the bottom tay was noticeably different in appearance than it was when it started. I could see that the combination of ingredients didn't seem as recognizable anymore, that every thing had lost its individual identity and become a greater amalgam of rich, wormy goodness only available to vermicomposters and their friends.I'm saving money and I've turned a mild source of aggravation (throwing out food scraps) into a source of happiness (feeding my worm bin). The latter is worth $100 alone to me, so the fact that it also makes great vermicompost that I can use in my garden and on my lawn, is quite a bonus.
Worm Factory 360 WF360B Worm Composter, BlackI bought Worm Factory 360 WF360B Worm Composter, Black about a year ago for recycling the enormous amount of fresh vegetable leftovers and trimmings I was throwing out every day.Did a lot of research, via the Internet, and learned all I could about Worm Composting.  Then, I went shopping... :)I am so glad I chose the Worm Factory 360 WF360B Worm Composter! It was a bit daunting looking at all the worm composters that Amazon had for sale.  So many to choose from!  The Worm Factory 360 WF360B Worm Composter looked to be about the best composter for My money, especially with all goodies that came with it to get a beginner, like Me, started.  and, I really liked the compact style, and the fact that I could easily move it from one place to another, if I so desired.**  The Worm Factory 360 has a standard 4-Tray size which is expandable up to 8 trays, giving it the largest volume of any home composter.  The trays are very sturdy, easy to stack and clean. I am only using 4 trays.  I keep my composter in the house, and have never had any problems with the trays over heating, caving in, or leaking.  After a year of use, the whole unit still looks brand new.**  The redesigned lid converts to a handy stand for trays while harvesting the compost.  This \"is\" a really great feature, as it allows one to place a filled tray (or trays) in the inverted lid and move them without getting worm compost/drippings all over the place.  The trays fit nicely in the inverted tray, and don't slide around while being carried.**  Included instructional DVD with step-by-step guide for managing your Worm Factory 360.  This is very helpful, especially for a beginner.  I had no problems running the DVD, or comprehending instructions.  Even picked up a few great tips!**  The accessory kit provides basic tools to make managing the Worm Factory 360 easier.  Came with everything I needed to make My very first time at worm composting an enjoyable experience.  I've yet to use the thermometer, though, as my composter is in the house with very controlled temperatures.**  Built in \"worm tea\" collector tray and spigot for easy draining.  This is the best feature, imo!  One can leave the spigot open for air circulation.  The collection tray is large and even has a built in strainer.  Or, one can just turn the spigot off.**  The Worm Factory 360 has a worm ladder that allows any worms that go exploring and drop down into the bottom holder to be able to climb back up into the bottom tray.  Ahhhh! Another nice feature!I bought about 300 red wiggler worms (3 containers) from a local Marina, and since then they have multiplied several times, are very healthy and ravenous. My worms basically live on uncooked vegetable trimmings and scraps, lots of cardboard, recycled paper egg cartons, clean paper, and crushed eggshells (their most favorite).  Picked up an inexpensive littleBIA Cordon Bleu 8-Ounce Mortar and Pestle Set, Whitejust for crushing egg shells for the little ones. :)I don't put fruit, or fruit peels, into the composter simply because it is inside and I don't want to attract a lot of fruit flies.I keep a clean spray bottle, filled with tap water, beside the composter because these littles ones like to be misted every now and again -- and I think it helps to soften the food so they can eat it faster and make lots of compost and \"worm tea\".on an End Note:  My Worm Factory 360 WF360B Worm Composter now churns out a full tray of worm castings a month...(that is a lot of natural fertilizer made from stuff I would normally throw out in the trash!).  Gallons of \"worm tea\" a month, that I use on my house plants and outdoor roses -- they have really perked up.  The composter does not have a smell, and my Red Wiggler Worms are very happy. 'nuf said!thinking about buying an additional Worm Factory 360 WF360B Worm Composter!  Highly Recommended!  --Katharena Eiermann, 2012
This worm composter is very well-designed.  The kit comes with almost everything you need to start vermicomposting, all you'll have to supply is newspaper, water and worms.
I was anxious to get this shredder and grind up some magnolia leaves which fall down all year long. I began to assemble the stand as instructed in the guide. The stand has three legs permanently attached to the stand and three leg extensions which are inserted into the bottom of the legs and kept in place with a spring loaded button which fits into a hole in the legs. When I removed the packing from the extensions I noticed that the portions of the extensions that slide into the legs had marks that one would expect to see on extensions that had been previously used but not on new merchandise. However, I wanted the shredder so I proceeded with assembly. Two of the extensions installed without incident. The third extension had no visible button. Looking down into the extension I could see some metal pieces which were close to the opening. It was visible that part of the spring mechanism was broken in two. This factor along with the marred surfaces led me to believe that I had received a previously owned item that had been returned.  Since I could not use the shredder with just two legs and had no way to repair it I had to return it to Amazon.The Amazon return process is nothing short of amazing. In just a few minutes I had printed out the return label and was on my way to the UPS Store.
The unit is good, better in many ways than the Flowtron unit I also have.The Worx unit shreds the leaves finer, seems quieter, lighter (or at least easier to carry) and better built. It seems to put out more dust than the Flowtron, but any unit will obviously put out enough dust to require eye protection and make mask use a good idea.Unfortunately there are a few small but really annoying, failures.1. Paper yard waste bags do NOT fit. I tried fitting several different types over the stand - no bags are wide enough to fit properly.2. It can't sit on a trash can. I'd prefer to do this but it is too narrow to sit atop any of my trash cans.I have been using a \"Contractor style\" garbage bag, thick and strong, to capture the shredded leaves. Fine for me as I dump the mulch in a compost bin or over my garden, but it'd be difficult to pour that into a yard waste bag for municipal pickup.
First I bought the McCulloch MCS2001 14 amp Electric Chipper/Shredder.  It worked ok on sticks and twigs, but feeding leaves in was a time consuming chore.  We wanted something where you could scoop up a big handful of leaves and just drop them into the mulcher.  The Worx model does that.  Essentially it is a weed-eater and uses the same plastic line to cut up the leaves.We use the Toro 29210 43-Gallon Gardening Spring Bucket (also purchased on Amazon) to catch the leaves.  We spread ours out for mulching, so we don't use a plastic bag for curbside disposal. As long as the leaves are dry, this unit works quite well.  The McCulloch unit was very heavy and hard to maneuver and store.  The Worx unit breaks down nicely for easy storage and is easy to move around.  I would buy the Worx again.String Option: We needed new mulcher string and I noticed the Worx uses .090 string.  You can buy specific Worx replacement string online for more than I prefer to pay.  Most trimmer string is smaller or larger so I purchased the .095 string and it fits, snugly, for about 1/3 of the price.  You have to cut it yourself, but that's not a problem.
Very easy to set up.  Simple operation.  Does a good job of reducing the volume of leaves fairly quickly.  Replacement of the line is pretty simple.  Easily breaks down for compact storage.
I put the machine together and got ready to test.  I have some banana trees and the leaves fill a garbage can real quick.  I put one leaf in and turned to get another.  When I looked back the first leaf had disappeared.  Where could it have gone.  The adds say 11 to 1 compression.  Not banana leaves, more like 100 to one.  I have a lot of fruit trees and I use grass clipping, leaves and tree trimming for mulch and fertilzer.  This works great.  You should see the size and quanity of my fruit.  I had a schreder and mulcher before but I put orange branches in it and that was the end of my Black and Decker schreder.  Black and Decker did not support the repair.  It broke the bearings and burned up the motor on my B&D; unit.  This machine goes thru stringer line kind of fast when used with  branches.  But Home Depot has new line rather cheap compared with buying that line that comes with the machine.I bought a garbage pail and put it under the machine.  It collects my schreded stuff and allows me to spread it around the gardern.EDIT:  After using it for a while I have found that this thing is usless for anything but small jobs with leafs only..  The slightest twig will break the leading strilng cutter.  The training string cutter will just break itself immediately.  The 13 inch string folds in two.  See the illustration in the add for how it is assemble.  I tried larger string (comes with .080 and I tried 0.095) and found no difference in performance. If you have much work to do you need to go to HomeDepot and by a large spool of string.EDIT 2:  I  called the company and asked for help.  I asked it there was some way to add a steel blade. They said no. My leaf eater should be renamed string eater. I tried steel wire and it cut beautifully for 15 seconds and then the wires dissapeared like the string.  The customer service at the company stated my leaves are to strenous for it.  Or may it is not suitable for my work.  I tried tying the string together where it comes out of the center disk and it helped a little but not much.
I'm not sure how to rate this, as you dump it into rotting compost and it just does it's thing.  But I know my soil is terrible, so even though I put 2 shovelfuls into my composter, I added some of this.  I guess it's working, stuff is decomposing.
Meh. Not really sure it did anything, as I did not add enough compost on top of it to really get my pile cooking....
This is the second bag I have purchased this year. I make alot of compost. It really helps to keep the pile hot to kill off any weed seeds. I have two very large heaps and one will be ready to use after only 2 months I turn the piles weekly to keep them aerated. Without this product the temperature only gets up to 90 degrees, when I use it it will heat up to 140 degrees. I will buy this again as I tend to have more browns at this time than greens.
I can't really say one way or the other, as it's a compost heap and it's supposed to compost, but this product seemed to help kick things off.
I am new to composting and since the weather is still a little chili here in Indiana I thought a little help might be needed to get the stuff started. The compost needs to warm up to start the process and it seems to be working.
Hey it works so far. I need a few more weeks to evaluate against others tested.Seemed to heat the pile within a few days.  Will be looking at further reduction and will re evaluate. Seems the microbe action might be the same as a couple of other brands I have used.  I thought I found the right stuff in the other product only trying this because it is a brand name and there was an additional pound for the same price of the other products used.  Composting is not easy but worth the results if you have lots of falling leaves for the materials.  Breaking the whole leaf into 18-20 pieces with a machine is necessary for quick and total reduction in the shortest time. The only device is the Toro Ultra.
I was concerned about what some others said about not being able to get the seed out of this but I decided to order it anyway.  Like others I had critters (deer?) that were dumping out seed from another feeder so fast that I'd have to fill it daily and I was totally fed up.  This little ball hangs high enough that the deer can't reach (yay!).  The only issue I've had is that the seed tends to fall through the holes but I've found if I put the black sunflower on the bottom I can layer some safflower seeds in the middle and they seem to stay in ok.  The birds are VERY happy to have this feeder and I've seen 4-5 on it most of the time.  Cardinals, chickadees, titmice, lesser goldfinches, purple finches, etc.  Everyone seems happy with the feeder so I'm very glad I purchased it.
We use this seed ball to feed our birds sunflower seeds. It holds quite a bit of seed and allows multiple birds to feed at the same time. The slots are perfect for sunflower seeds as we dont have many seeds wasted by falling through the slots but are big enough to allow the birds to get their beaks in and crack open the seed. We have to fill this every couple of days during the summer.
I bought this to add some color to my bird feeder array. I bought the green one as well and the birds are having a great time with both of them. This feeder is easy to fill and I used black sunflower seeds. The bird feeder pole is squirrel proof so they cannot get close to the feeders. There is some small amount of seed that does fall out of the feeder and since it does not have a tray the squirrels get to eat the seeds that drop to the ground. This is a fun feeder and the price is modest.
This feeder is messy as all get out but gee do the birds love it. Goldfinches hang all over this during their feeding time and chickadees, titmice & nuthatches also love it. The only trouble is that non black sunflower seed spills all over the ground necessitating frequent cleanup.
squirrels figured out how to unscrew the lid. However, they were funny to watch so I didn't mind. Sunflower seeds are too big for the holes. You have to use a slightly smaller seed.
This is a great feeder.  I have two of them and they have never been compromised by squirrels, or had any issue of any kind.  I have a photo of a squirrel failing to get into the seed.  Best feeder I've ever used.  I use sun flower seeds in it.
When I got this, I filled it with sunflower seeds and hung it low, so the squirrels would have a chance to try to open it. I wanted to see if they could. They could not. However, hung low where they can easily reach it has led to being able to see a lot of squirrels both upside down and sideways, which has entertained the household no end.
These are a great addition to my existing feeders.  I bought three.  Metal throughout.  The mesh it stout enough that I'm not worried about damaging it under normal use.  The paint job appears thick enough to last for many years.  The ball holds more seed than I thought:  It holds just as much as my full-size single tube Droll Yankees feeder.  I only use small to medium sized black oil sunflower seeds and have no problem with the ball losing seed.  (Note: this is not meant for use with small seed like \"mixed\" bird feed.  It'll just run right through the mesh.)  In fact, while filling it, I probably have only about 15 seeds that fall out before the ball is fully filled.  The included chain is about 10\" long and has an S hook on the end.One concern.  The lid snaps into place nicely, but a squirrel might be able to get it off if he tries (-1 star).  Instead of having it disappear in the grass below, I'm going to tie on a small tether.  I would have preferred to see a built-in metal tether of some sort to keep from losing the lid.  That way, I wouldn't have to find a pocket to put the lid in (or set in on the ground and lose it!) while I'm filling the ball.Update:  Yes, I've discovered that fox squirrels easily pop the lid off this thing and I almost stepped on it one time while refilling.  Going forward, a little string tether will be standard equipment on mine.Clinging birds appreciate the feeder and the bigger birds leave it alone.  I regularly get house finches, goldfinches, nuthatches, downy woodpeckers, and hairy woodpeckers, and chickadees.  I get near zero visits from any larger birds like cardinals, woodpeckers, or European starlings.
This is my first bird feeder and I hadn't really thought ahead to how or where I would mount it. I ended up filling it with random seeds at first but they mostly fell out and then the rest rotted inside. I tried again with some black sunflower seeds and those worked much better. I'm going to try putting it on a squirrel proof pole to see how that works.
This is a very attractive plantstand and very rigid.  The opening is large, and best when filled with a 10' plant or decorative plant design.  The item is of heavy guage steel.But, here's another great feature.  Put a nice pillow in it and you have an instant foot stool to relax while on the couch.  The color is exactly one of my favorites,..... bronze.If you choose to add an arrangement of different smaller plants, there is not too much room for that, but there is some.  The plant stand has small feet to prevent it from tipping over.Attractive, affordable, usable, and efficient ....Rizzo.
How do you review a plant stand?  What criteria could there be?  I sort of wondered how to approach the matter.So here goes: it's a lovely espresso color, more brown than bronze, and I can see it fitting in with any decor style.  The scrolling decorative swirls on it are simple and don't narrow it to one style.  It is not hunky and rough like some wrought-iron plant stands:  this is sleek, simple, with a smooth edge.The welds feel very secure and strong.  The design of the top allows several sizes of pots to fit in securely,, but I'd say the pot should be minimum 9\" wide for best stability. Entire piece is stable and strong.There's no poky or sharp edges on the legs or welds to scratch a kid or furniture.I'm using it indoors, as it feels too nice for outside.  I could see someone using this for a large pot or decorative vase instead of a potted plant, it would hold it at an excellent and secure height for display.I really like this one, and am thinking of getting another in another height.  Great product!
This plant stand is very attractive and much prettier than the picture shown on Amazon but the manufacture seems to have some quality control issues.  Mine arrived with missing paint and several deep scratches in different places.  The stand was well packaged and the shipping box was undamaged so it either came from the manufacture like this or was damaged at some point before shipping.The stand is sturdy, sits level on the floor and will hold large as well as heavy plants without problems.  It appears to be well built and the cosmetic issues don't detract from the beauty of the stand but I have to wonder if the missing paint/scratches may cause the stand to rust in the future. Only time and exposure to the elements will tell.
This is really a beautiful and sturdy plant stand. Very sturdy! It looks great and is actually more squat looking than in the picture but it can take a large diameter planter.  I have it on my porch and it really compliments the wrought iron furniture.
This little plant stand proved how tough it was by making it through our mail system. The box it arrived in was destroyed and barely held together by packing tape. I'm beginning to wonder if a postal worker isn't on a rant due to the condition of some of our packages lately. Regardless, this lovely, well crafted plant stand made the journey unscathed and will look fantastic in the house or somewhere outside. I haven't decided where to place it yet. The paint was put on well also, since it didn't scratch or chip. When I saw the condition of the box I fully expected it to be dented or all bent up, but it is obviously pretty resistant to destruction.
I have any number of plant stands sitting around the house and on my back deck. Most of them are relatively light weight, with flat tops and slightly flared legs. I never considered that  there might be better options out there. Well, now I know.The CobraCo plant stand is a definite improvement. The stand measures 15 inches high and has a 10 inch circular mouth opening where a plant can be inserted in the 3 inch deep recess.  The three legs are approximately 11 1/2 inches apart at the widest point and have inch long feet at the base. (They very much resemble a saddle sore cowboy.) The finish is quite smooth and is evenly applied, no rust getting in here. At 5 lbs, the stand is the perfect weight to move around but yet sturdy enough to stand up to a decent wind.A great product at a decent price.Highly recommended.
This stand is nicer than I expected it to be.It's simple lines would work well indoors or outdoors.I plan to use it on a covered front porch to hold potted plants.The stand is not very tall, but it's well made and will easily hold a good sized plant.
I was pleasantly surprised at how high quality / heavy duty this plant stand was when I received it.  It is very sturdy and looks nice.  The only part I do not like is there are exposed somewhat sharp metal ends where the decorative scrolls connect to the legs - you can see them sticking out and pointing downward in the picture.  In general, this is not a problem but clothes could get caught on them or skin could be scratched.  I am using this plant stand inside but it would also be a nice addition to a patio or on the front step.  I may have to get another to have a matching symmetric set for outside.  I would not hesitate to purchase another size or style of plant stand made by this company, assuming the same quality.
The 15 inch bronze stand is a sturdy little piece. I added felt pads to the bottom of the legs so that my floors don't get scratched.  It will hold up to a 10\" pot and the pot sits inside the top ring, not on top so it truly has a size limit unless you want to chance balancing a pot on top.  It is well balanced and doesn't rock like an annoying cafe table.  The color is a nice rubbed bronze look.  It isn't as elegant or expensive looking as I was hoping, but I will keep it to raise one of my pots and give my plants a better chance at light from my family room window.
The plant stand is so much nicer than I would have thought from seeing the photo.  It is beautifully designed and manufactured, and very heavy weight material.  We are using it for a large potted plant that never looked quite right sitting on the floor.  The stand is just tall enough that it allows our plant to enjoy the sunshine from our front picture window.It has added an elegant touch to our living area.
This is a nice little plant stand to jazz up your floor plants; it's sturdy, easily holds a heavy pot, and I like the finish.  I posted a photo of it holding a pot from my living room.However, I took off a star because the packaging leaves a lot to be desired.  Mine came with bubble wrap/cling wrap taped very tightly around all 3 legs, and it took a very sharp knife and about 15 minutes to cut it all away - and I cut my finger in the process.  The manufacturer needs to think of a better way to protect the finish during shipping AND make it easy for the end consumer to remove the wrap.  Amazon needs to step in with some Frustration Free packaging help!
This plant stand is not only sturdy put it is pleasant to look at. I put it outside on our front porch and added one of my wife's potted plants and it looks wonderful. Don't have to worry about it tipping over.
The quality of this CobraCo Plant Stand is absolutely superb and surprised me as to how well constructed it is.The finished is extremely durable. Not a single spec of rust or even a scuff mark has developed and we have moved it all over the place.HOWEVER because of how nice this plant stand looked we decided not to use it as a simple plant stand but to instead turn it into a small decorative table. We cut a piece of glass into a circle and affixed it to the plant stand and it just looks amazing and functions superbly. Matches our interior decor and as if it was designed as a table.Overall this is great plant stand and DIY table. Really pleased with it!
I was impressed with the quality of the steel and the sturdiness of the design. Finish details are pretty good. The stand appears black-ish bronze to me, kind of a pleasantly mottled effect. The ends of the swirls are where the thick metal was simply cut off abruptly, with no tapering . However, the imperfections tend to disappear with distance, 
This Plant stand is very high quality. The ones locally are usually covered in vinyl and then rust thru and are quite flimsy and cost more. This is a great price for a beautiful stand. I have a mixed planter of annuals that was sitting on the ground by my swing in the back yard although it looked nice this took it up a step.It is very well packed and the hardest thing you will have to do is remove the bubble wrap that is backed by tape on the feet, Had never seen that before. I used scissors but be very careful not to scratch the leg.I would highly recommend these in sets of different heights it gives such a finished look to your garden. I will try to get a picture posted soon that you can view from above.
This plant stand is sturdy and looks nice.  I like the metal finish.  It will accommodate a good size planter in it.  The well that you put the planter into is fairly deep, so people might not be able to see the detail of the planter - if that's important.The one negative to it is with the construction of the opening.  Pots with a narrow bottom don't sit level in it and you would need some sort of a plate to steady it.  Pots with a larger flat bottom sit in it just fine.
This is a great planter. I love the details as well as the color.  I have this placed on my balcony ,since this is heavy the wind will not blow this over.It makes a great  display for my potted plant. I am glad that it is not taller then it would blow over. This is great and will last forever. You can paint or decorate it any way that you want to as well. Great planter
This is a nice looking, sturdy plant stand with legs that are flat and which did not harm my hardwood floor.  It looks good in my house and would look fine outdoors as well.The one thing to be aware of is that the part of the stand where you put the plant, is not solid but is triangle shaped and formed by three curved steel rods. Each leg has a curved steel rod that goes from it to one of the other legs forming the triangle. There are three large openings around the edge of the part of the stand where you put the plant and one big one in the center.  If you click on the customer images under the picture of the stand (there are 25 as I write this) there is one that has a close up of this part of the plant stand.As a result, this works great with plants that are in large pots or vases. If you want to put a plant with a smaller pot or vase, or if you want to put multiple plants on the stand, you need to put something solid on the base. I took a round ceramic potholder and put that on the stand in order to put a medium sized plant with a ceramic vase on the stand.I have hardwood floors and was a little concerned whether a heavy plant stand would scratch the floors.  The stand did not.  The legs are curved at the bottom and flat so they rest easy on my floor.  The \"powder coated\" steel feels almost polished.This is a fine plant stand. Just be aware if you want to put smaller pots or vases on the stand you need to put something solid down first.
We really enjoy the Scroll design on this very sturdy plant stand. It is not overly ornate and very functional. The strength allows it to be utilized for very heavy pots. We are impressed with the stability of this plant stand.
Very nice, heavy duty plant stand. Adds just the right touch to my porch. Beautiful with my ivy hanging over the side.I would have gave it five star if they would have put the little rubber peices on the \"feet\". Which would have made it nice for inside. It might not scratch, but do not want to take the chance without some kind of protectors. Should have been pre-installed.But still LOVE it!!
I was very pleased with the plant stand as it not only looks beautiful but it is deep enough to securely hold my planter. It is decorative enough for my indoor plants and looks great outside too. It's sturdy and has held up well outdoors despite the elements. Very well-made and a good addition to any home!
My spider plant looks really, really nice in this stand. I found a plastic liner at Wal-Mart for the 'shelf' that sits about four inches inside the stand. I especially appreciate that my plant sits down in the stand.  Now when the cats have their races down my upstairs hallway, I don't worry it'll knocked over.I have the stand inside, but I'm sure it could hold up outdoors.  It appears to have a good solid finish that could stand up to harsh weather.  I banged it fairly hard when I fell against a doorway and the finish did not get scuffed.In my opinion, the bronze/brown color is lighter in reality than it appears in the pictures.
For some reason I thought this was for a window box and I was super excited.  But it turns out to be for railings as you'd find on a deck or patio.  I was still able to convert it to a window box by sliding the installation tabs under my window frame, but ideally you'll be using this on a wood railing for the best results.2 x 4 or 2 x 6 railings would work best, or even a ledger board of that size on a brick or stucco exterior would work.  It adjusts in length so it's easy to find a planter box to fit inside at the local store (I found one at Ace hardware).  With the box inside it raises the flowers nicely for a good view from my window.The style is simple glossy dark brown with swirls, and they make matching plant stands that look cool with it.  All the bolts and slides were solid and well-made.However, I'm only giving it 3 stars because I think it should be more clear that it is not for windows.  I got it to work on mine but that was a fluke I think.  If you didn't have a deck railing and really wanted to use this, you could create a railing between two posts with a couple of 2 x 6's, just to add some visual heighth to your patio and elevate the flowers.
This is an attractive sturdy flower box that should last for years. You will need to purchase the plastic planter box that goes inside separately. Easily found either here or in the big box stores. Adjusting to a larger size was easy.Mine now sits under the window of our new henhouse and looks quite spiffy. The budget is tight right now, or I would be buying more of these for our house. They will definitely be a future purchase.
This is a lovely basket with brackets that are fairly easy to attach to any size railing.  I wanted this to hang on my deck railing and it is perfect for that.  The scroll like iron work in very decorative and the holder will accommodate a 24 inch flower box or expand to do a 30 inch flower box.  It is sturdy in design, I like the color with that sort of bronze look however I think it is a bit darker and less metallic looking that what the item picture shows.  Despite that, I highly recommend it as a decorative piece to add to any window box garden.
Some of this review is copied from another review I wrote for the smaller, round holder made by the same manufacturer (product is similar, just different format/size).I recently moved, and none of the flower pot holders I was using at the old house would work on the narrow fences and wide railings at the new one, and they were also not adjustable, so I thought I was out of luck.Came across this, and it works great!Construction seems to be very good as well, with better than average quality screws/bolts (with appropriate weather protection), which is a rare thing these days, even on higher end stuff sometimes. Amazing how using cheap hardware (screws, bolts, washers, etc) can ruin an otherwise fine product.Anyhoo, I use this specifically to sit on a PVC deck railing, that is much wider than normal.  Not only does this holder allow you to adjust to fit on different sized railings (width), but it also adjusts length wise to accommodate long or short flower pots.  Awesome!This also has a mechanism, which prevents the holder from tilting forward or backward (a problem I had with previous holders)....which is really just a piece of bent metal. Such a simple thing, but it makes a big difference! It even prompted me to look at my other, older holders, to see if they had something to keep the holder level, but nope (and of course they would tend to tilt forward).One other small detail about the attention to quality by the manufacturer. You usually see products like this (especially if you go to a large big box hardware store) try to get away with as few bolts/nails/screws as possible, but this unit has THREE bolts for each \"arm\" (6 total), which may be overkill, but I for one was happy to see that compared to the one that you would normally see (or none at all, like the one I had before - just relied on gravity).Top product, highly recommended. Now that I see that these are good quality, I plan to buy more for the deck to match the one I currently have.
I have a deck with six inch railings with wood slats between the main posts.  The flower box is attractive and pretty well built.  However, the bracket for attachment is nearly worthless.  There is nothing to hold the box in place other then the weight of the box against the vertical railings.  The bracket is a 90 degree angle and therefore with any weight becomes merely a friction point for the box holding it in place.  This just won't work for me.  You could put a deck screw into the bracket to fix it in place, but then that means that I have to accommodate a poorly designed product.  Into the garbage for me.  Sorry, can't recommend it at all.
My flower box holder arrived in perfect condition and was wrapped carefully in lots of packing paper.  The bronze finish is beautiful.  The holder is of very sturdy construction made of powder coated metal that will hopefully stand up to the elements.  Very easy to assemble and a very pretty alternative to the plastic coated metal holder that I had been using.  It fits perfectly over my 4 inch wide railing.
This basket caught my eye when it was advertised as using less space for storage in the winter. However, they must be talking about the fact that if you use it as a 36\" box you can take it back down to the 24\" size. Big whoop. i do like the sturdy design and the adjust-ability, as well as being able to hang it on my deck or my fence.I haven't seen any rust yet, but based on the sliding design I question the long-term ability of this unit to resist rust.I will update as I go through the summer and fall months. We get a decent amount of rain and squirrel activity, so it will be put through the tests.
With the reinforced cage on the bottom, this flower box holder makes a secure place to put a plastic box in. I also like how it expands to 36 inches, reaching across more of the window and holding a bigger box. The design in front gives it more of an accent so it's not too plain looking. Time will tell if it holds up to our intense mountain winds. Although it came with hardware to secure it properly, we may reinforce this before next fall when the really forceful winds hit the Blue Ridge Mountains. I also love how it arrived in one piece with nothing to put together (I detest putting things together) so all we had to do was secure it under our window. I plan to order three more so I have a set along the front windows.
These were decent out of the shipping box.  Wire gauge so a little chintzy looking 
I expanded this to maximum length (36\") to hold my 36\" planter that already had herbs growing in it. Our railing is 3.5 inches wide. The screws are metal but the caps are plastic (my husband said that plastic on metal usually causes stripping of the screws). Well, as soon as we hung it, it started tipping under the weight and it fell off  before we could stop it and our basil, mint, and chives were smashed under potting soil. Also, because our railing has posts, there is a C shaped loop (not shown) that prevents the planter from resting flush to the rail. I think because the brackets are so close together, the longer you extend the planter, the harder to evenly distribute the weight. So bummed this didn't work for us. I wouldn't suggest to anyone unless you can buy and try and easily return if it doesn't work for you.
I mounted this on a fence.  It is a sturdy product in the compact version, however as you extend the end pieces, it seems to get flimsy at a time where you are going to add extra weight.  We'll have to see how well it holds up in the weather and under the weight of dirt, water, and flowers.  Until then, I think you are better off buying a non-expandable box of the size you need.
I ordered this, as others did, thinking it was a window box which it is not, although with a little adjusment I think it could be used that way. I think the listing should make it clear that it is for deck railings or fences.  Some peoples came bent but mine came completely missing the left hand adjustable piece.  I contacted the company days ago and have not heard anything from them so don't expect any customer service from that direction.  Amazon is always good about returns and exchanges so buy this in person at your local store or from Amazon so you can exchange it if yours happens to be missing pieces when it arrives.  So, why did I give it 2 stars?  I was going to give it 1 star but we took off the other adjustable end piece and just set the planter box in what was left and it IS amazingly strong.  Time will tell if it will widen to the point of collapse with no end pieces to hold it in place but it is 'working' for now.  The adjusters for the deck rail are easy to use but be warned that if your rail is narrow the horizontal pieces go so far into the planter box area you may not have enough room left for the box.  Also, as someone else pointed out there is a u shaped brace on the bottom and under ideal mounting conditions it would keep the bottom of the planter pushed out but this may or may not be effective depending on how your deck railing is constructed.  I do like the finish, in fact I want to like the whole thing.  I am just distressed about the missing piece which spoils the whole effect.Update - Ok.  I upped it to 3 stars because I have actually heard from the company.  If I actually get the missing piece I will be changing this review to 5 stars.
Love the llok and its sturdy however it wont hold on my balcony banister in any position due to the securing legs. It wont work for me because I was going to place an 18&#34; plant holder inside with a bamboo plant inside that has grown to almost 3 feet and it wont support the item. That said im sure it would hold a smaller tree or for use with a different balcony banister.
I love my flower box holder! It's nice looking, has a simple, but pretty design and seems to be very sturdy. Easy to put together and attach to my deck railing. I love my plants, but don't have that much deck space to have them on the ground and no real place to hang the hanging kind so this is perfect. I tried putting individual pots in the holder first, it was fine, but then I got a rectangular holder like they show in the picture and I think it looks much better. I actually  put this in so it faces the inside of the deck rather than around the outside so I can enjoy the flowers more myself. I am planning to get a couple more since this one does look a little lonely. Nicely done CobraCo!
I was happy to receive this item.  It is well made and has a nice look too.  I think it will be great for herbs.  Just go to the holder and pick my own herbs!I am looking forward to it.  Jesus' Blessings and Peace
I probably shouldn't be surprised at the strength because it does say \"Heavy gauge powder-coated metal. I think I expected the words to be true but just true enough to pass as the truth. But this Flower Box is TOUGH and doesn't sacrifice beauty. It comes with the right screws and attractive black nuts. It's adjustable from 24\" to 36\" (inches) so you can always make it look full. I put it on my deck railing which is 3.5\" wide but it would fit on 2\"-4\".  I can't imagine ever needing to take it down.  I love this Flower Box holder and think  I could use about 5 more to balance out the deck!
This flower box is very pretty and I really liked the option of the adjustable fitting to the deck rails and the expandable option in case I wanted a longer box.  However there seems to be a major design flaw.I got the flower box out of the packaging and put it together (screwed the plastic screwcaps to the brackets to size)  My deck railing is wide, 6 \" , and while it was wide enough to go over the rail it was evident that it wasn't going to stay on the rail.  I was able to just screw into the the decking through the back brackets to hold it tight.  I felt that if there was a return of some sort on the back of the bracket to grasp the railing that might hold it in place better (that is what my other flower box holder has and it stays up fine)If you don't mind screwing into your decking then this would work fine for you.I can not vouch for smaller railings, but this is what might be necessary for the wider ones.
This rust-resistant steel flower box holder is very decorative and holds a planter from 24 inches long to 36 inches long.  It accommodates planters up to 6 inches wide.  Planters from 4 to 5 inches tall would be most attractive.  This box holder can easily be mounted on patio railings.  We were able to purchase a planter to fit the box holder that would fit the space we had to mount it and mounted the box holder on the front wall of the back yard craft building that faces into the landscaped yard and it looks absolutely gorgeous.  We are very happy with the Cobra Adjustable Flower Box Holder.
It works , it attractive but I think it could be  better constructed. The substance  covering it ( paint?)  was coming off, there were a few areas with bent metal. It does fit the deck railing and is adjustable.  I think it is over priced and one could find a better quality window/deck box .  Have to see how it holds up in the elements ( rain,wind , heat) here in NC .
This is an excellent decorative and useful addition to a deck or area where you want to get flowers or plants up off the floor. This beautiful adjustable flower box holder is made of heavy gauge metal (not bronze) that has been powder coated in a very rich looking bronze color. The two ends slide in or out to provide space from 24 inches up to 36 inches. There are built in cross bars on the bottom to provide additional support for the plants. You can add a flower box, or like me, you can add flower pots. This item comes with two sturdy, attached metal brackets and two additional brackets that attach to your railing, and these are also adjustable. This product is great for the typical rail made from 2x4 or 2x6 rails, and it is very easy to install. This is just an excellent product.
The flower box holder was easy to setup and hook over my front porch railing.  This despite my railing being at least 5 inches wide.
The CobraCo Flower Box holder is solid and hangs on the deck railing easily.Follow the instructions and tuck the expandable arms under the braces and it is solid.I thought that I was ordering the holder and flower pot. It is not both. The flower for is sold for $14. separately. It also will hold 3 medium size round pots.I like it very much and would order it again especially at such a good price.
Although the product description implies that it will fit most porch railings, ours was an exception apparently.  The U-shaped bar across the bottom of the holder prevented it from fitting on the porch railing well.  When we tried to use the brackets, the unit tilted too far out and was far from level.  My husband ended up attaching the unit to the porch railing with screws to keep it stable.  Before he permanently attached the holder, we were afraid it would fall.  Also, we felt as if the holder was a little flimsy and weak when extended out to hold larger than the 24 inch flower pot.  A non-expanding box in just the size you need is probably a better idea.  I think the design is simple and pleasing as is the color.  Using a light-colored pot makes the design and color of the holder stand out.  It seems sturdy now that it is attached to the railing with screws.  We'll have to see how it holds up over time.
This is a great product.  Built well, very sturdy and fairly weighty, not bendable.  The bronze finish and design on it are very attractive with my green windowbox in it.  I think it would look even better using a terracotta color planterbox or individual pots.  It is adjustable and expandable.  Our deck railings are fairly wide and also have the boarding that the individual vertical posts/sticks/whatever they're called, are nailed on to.  This planter holder has a strong metal brace that fits down against that boarding, making it have an even better \"grip/support\".  No tilting forward, holds the box or pots up evenly.  The brackets going over the actual railing are connected to the holders own brackets by screws facing upright, so there is no actual putting anything into your railing.  My description is probably making this sound hard to assemble but it really isn't!  Enjoy! These are nice!
Although the size of each part of this hoe is substantial, the short stocky handle isn't attached well to the hoe blade.It is the perfect length for working on your knees and doing detail work around your plants.Unfortunately the detail work will likely be repair of the hoe.If the price is right, it isn't a bad purchase if you are ready for some basic tweaking like some polyurethane glue, perhaps a screw, and a little file work on the blade.
This little hoe has nice heft, and is the perfect \"in between\" size for using in your raised beds-a tad larger & stouter than the truly small hand tools and not as big as the full sized version.  I found it perfect in size for working in 4x8' beds where I can't quite reach the center sometimes, and in my raised beds, it's actually long enough that I don't have to stoop as much.I'm not thrilled with the quality of craftsmanship, but it should last quite well with reasonable care, as it isn't designed for grubbing out massive weeds, but rather for working in established beds.  The sheath supporting the joint between metal head and wooden handle is loosely fitted, and suspiciously wimpy in character.Pros: great size, sturdy head, nice shaped headCons: less than great construction
The handle has a nicely contoured, solid wood grip that's comfortable to the hand. The durable hoe blade, measuring roughly 2 \" x 3 \", is thick enough to resist any bending - its weld to the arm looks nice, too. However; the reinforcing sheath which is supposed to surround the hoe's wooden handle where it holds the metal arm contributes nothing to the structure of the tool, as it just rattles around loosely, unconnected to anything, as seen in the photo I've uploaded.Perhaps I got a stick that was lathed just a hair too much to where the sleeve can't squeeze the handle, so perhaps I can stuff split, half-toothpicks underneath the sleeve and press it down over them so it might hold in place. It's not such a major concern since this tool is most suitable to scraping about in small areas of loose, already workable soil in which impact breakage is not an issue.It's a handsome looking tool, with thick, durable parts. There is a leather loop for hanging attached to the hole in the handle. It's decent, but with the one small flaw with the sleeve which keeps me from giving it five stars. The quality is still far better than any of the inexpensive hand tools you can find.
This little weeding hoe is the perfect size for a small garden; its short handle means you'll be squatting as you hoe, but when there's not much to weed, it's not an issue for me. The handle is fine, easy to grip. Like the leather loop for hanging. But it gets three stars because upon arrival, the thing was already broken. The end of the tool, where metal hood meets wooden handle had come unglued, leaving me to wonder: why didn't the manufacturer adhere the hood with a screw instead of simply gluing it? The hoe still works, but I'm skeptical of its longevity. Not recommended.
I love this little hoe.  The handle is just long enough to give a good balance to the tool and to give you plenty of power when digging at those weeds or creating a little hole to plant those seedlings.  The wood is smooth with a nice shape that is comfortable to my medium sized hand.  The head of this hoe is narrow (ideal for small areas) and I'm not turning it at an angle like I do with some of my other gardening tools for those smaller areas.  It is also beveled so it can cut into the dirt easily.  You wouldn't want to use it in a large garden but for those smaller places, like flower beds it is ideal.
I mostly do container and square foot gardening so I don't really have many weeds but I do like to have something to loosen soil and break up the ground and this is a really nice tool to have around. I have smaller hands but this tool fits well in them and has a nice heft to it. Seems to have solid construction and stores easily as it is a really good size for the projects I do. Would recommend for smaller projects like it is advertised for.
When I think weeding, I think small weeds that need to be pulled. This Weeding Hoe is for huge weeds or digging up small spaces. For those activities, this is a good product--but not for weeding small weeds. I did use it to dig up a nasty thistle--they are huge, with prickers and deep roots. For that job, this was perfect. Use this to loosen soil or dig in small areas.Just used this product a second time and the end popped off. They should have welded it on.
I am short so this little hoe is perfect for me. It is sturdy and well made. I have used it for plants in a large porch container. I used it to plant them. Later I can use it for weeding. I like the real leather thong for hanging up the hoe. I am very pleased with weeding hoe.
This is a nice little tool to have in your garden. I use this to clean the flower bed or a garden row. Weeds could be removed by scraping the top 1\" of the soil using this cute little gadget after first pouring some water and rendering the soil wet. Unlike the push pull tools, or other devices available in the market, you don't need to put a lot of downward force on it for it to work. The contoured solid wood handle provides comfort and durability. The head features a black finish that is resistant to rust and corrosion.1.WOLF-Garten 3226004 Push-Pull Weeder2.Yeoman Carbon Steel Soft Grip Double Hoe #CYE353
This is a serviceable weeding hoe that is good for the small garden I have, but I was struck how poorly it was put together.  The metal part over the wood came already loose.  This didn't hurt the performance at all except making a clanking sound it makes as it moved up and down on the hoe.  Simple super glue can fix this, but you should have to fix something you buy before you even buy it.
Every summer I plant a tomato garden. I generally only water and occarionally fertilize it, letting the weeds grow up around the tomato plant. This year will be different. Thanks to the KR Tools Pro Series Weeding Hoe my tomatoes will no longer have to fight with the weeds for nutrients. This hardy little tool has plenty of heft and it is just the right size to maneuver around the tomato plants. A long-handled hoe tends to knock the plants around and make the flowers and baby tomatoes fall to their deaths. With this little hoe I can get around them without touching the base of the plants. A perfect hoe for my small-time summer gardening needs.
As everyone before me has mentioned numerous times, the top portion where the handle meets with the metal portion is not attached properly.  Mine isn't loose but it seems as if it needs to be pushed down because the transition from the metal to wood handle is not a perfect fit.  I have attempted to push down but it seems as if they have piled a lot of glue(most likely an inch worth) to keep the two together.  I did appreciate the small leather loop and have hung it on my balcony rail.  I actually forgot about it and it went through April showers and season change; very pleased to report that it did not rust nor did the top come off.I have a container garden so weeds have not been an issue.  Personally it seems that the \"blade\" is rather dull, but I do appreciate the size.  What I do not appreciate is the quality control and price.Recommend only to those that are dealing with small gardens or balcony garden situations and only if there is a drastic price drop to reflect this 3rd tier quality tool.
We plant a garden outside every year, and while I've only had a little bit of time to try this out (the planting season has just started very recently where I have), I'm confident that it's going to make gardening easier this year.The head and tines feel very sturdy, particularly where it joins to the handle.  The handle is completely smooth and I really like the mild curve in it that makes it so much easier to grip.  It's also really nice that the handle is a bit longer than most of the cultivators I've seen before.  It's not a big deal yet, but once the plants have had time to get a little bigger and trying to move around them starts to get tight, having more reach is going to be a big help.  I got this from the company as an item to review, and once I got a feel for it I sort of wished I had decided to buy something like this years ago.You should definitely take into account how big your garden is and how much work it requires.  We have enough space planted that, over the course of the season, this little tool will have plenty of opportunity to earn its keep.  Something like this will be overkill if you just have a few plants that you want to look after.
We used this for our summer garden and it was a big help.  Well made item.
Whether it is making rows for seeds or getting unwanted roots out of your veg bed, this tool is sturdy. It is a basic design, but the handle is nice and long (not a full-size). For a hand-held cultivator, it is reliable and comfortable. There is not much more to be said, except it is great quality for the money.
The KR Tools Pro Series 3-Tine Cultivator is a very solidly built and well constructed hand tool.  My wife really loves the longer handle, because although she is taller, it helps her to reach the far corners of her raised vegetable and flower beds.  Living in AZ with the harsh climate and hard/corrosive soil, the hard wood handle and rust-resistant tines are greatly appreciated as we have to routinely replace rusted/ruined yard tools and accessories.  You also can't beat the price!  Hard to find something bad to say - a welcome addition to my wife's gardening assortment!******** UPDATE ********We've now been using this product for three years and I see very little wear or rust on it.  Considering my wife/children regularly leave our garden tools out in the weather, this is quite note-worthy.  Obviously this is a very high-quality product and I can't give it a higher rating!
I am very impressed with this cultivator.  It is the perfect size and weight to be used in a small garden and appears to be very good quality.  The wood handle is sturdy and the metal end piece is very well attached.  This is definitely better than any of the cultivators I have tried to use in the past.  I also love that the handle is long enough to really work it between plants without getting my arms down in them.
Slightly larger then the one I had been using, which for me being a larger person was a plus. It is stout and rips through the garden without issue. Probably the best thing I have gotten via the vine program so far. I don't know what more you could do to improve on this one. I see it lasting for many years.
This is a nice large size and is quality made. It is a bit longer than most hand-held cultivators which give you a little more control and strength when using it in the garden.  This is a nice sturdy tool that I will be using for a long time.  No worries of bending the tines or breaking this one.  This is heavy-duty!
I was very pleasantly surprised when I received this item. I had expected a tool of medium quality but this thing is very well made. The handle is finished wood and very comfortable to handle. The leather thong in the end is very strong and handy to loop over your wrist so you can keep the tool handy and still use both hands if need be. It's about 1 and 1/2 feet long and I've found this to be just the right size for working in the dirt around plants that are fairly close together. I can use this to get between the plants and loosen up the soil to pull weeds. The tines are steel and very strong so don't worry about bending them on very hard soil. Overall I would highly recommend this tool if you do a lot of gardening in the ground or in containers.
This is quality hand garden hoe. With a slightly longer handle than the usual hoe, it's perfect for small flower beds, which I have in my yard. With the little bit of gardening that I do I found this tool much helpful to me!
I was impressed with the quality of this tool.  It has a tough, smooth coating on it that makes it easy to clean.  Time will tell if the coating will stand up to heavy use without chipping off but I'll post a follow up review at the end of the season.  So far, I'm impressed.  I also like that it has a long, hardwood handle.  Most gardening tools made today seem very cheap but this looks to be a quality tool.
We once bought some shovels and rakes on sale at that big and ubiquitous retail store that shall here remain unnamed.  We regretted that purchase.  The heads came off of the handles, the rakes bent when we put them to work.  When it comes to equipment that needs to take impact, it's much better just to buy something that'll last.I really dig and can do some serious dirt digging with this handy little cultivator.  We just put in a garden box, growing tomatoes and cukes and peppers and such, and this tool has been an enormous help.  It's great for breaking up the dirt, and makes weeding easy.  The small handy size helps when working in a small space and working around plants I don't want to damage.  I also use it in my small makeshift compost pile to mix things up.  It's a well-built, quality tool.  If you need one, this is a nice one to have.
I would have never guessed how big this bad boy was until we got it.  It's about 15 inches tip to tip.  Pick it up and you can feel the weight of its solid wood handle, slightly curved for a good grip. The tines feel like they are made of iron.  The whole tool feels well balanced in my hand.  The claw is about the size of an average adult hand, and those tines could rip up concrete if they had to!  They are solid, heavy and tough. They are not going to bend easily.The sheath of metal between the tines and the handle turns freely.  At first I was afraid that it would be able to unscrew, but no, it simply turns freely. It doesn't slip up or down, and it does not detract from the strength of this tool.I can see why they call it the \"Pro\" Series- it would appear to be professional grade.  This one will last you a long time!
I live in Minnesota and during the peak period of the summer you can lose pints of blood from the mosquitoes. So, anytime something comes along that can help us enjoy the outside without needing a blood transfusion we are all ears.Unfortunately, this may be a good idea, but the over all execution and price puts this way down on my list.If the initial cost isn't enough you need to buy propane, filter, power it, etc. It just seems like a very high unneeded cost when everything is factored in.Did it actually help with the mosquito problem. If it did it was marginal at best. We still spent time swatting the bugs. To me and a couple others even after 2-3 weeks there was no noticeable difference.If it was left to me, I would stick to traditional spray and a bug zapper. At least it's cheaper.
Two summers ago I was so excited to get this. I live in a small town in Northern Minnesota, along the North Shore. With Lake Superior in front of us, and the forest behind us, we have no shortage of mosquitoes here. People from Minnesota often joke about how the mosquito is our state bird, because they are so large and abundant here. I couldn't wait to try this Mosquito Magnet out, and assumed I would be emptying the trap of bugs constantly.When it arrived, I sat down with the instructions for putting it together and setting it all up. Everything went together perfectly and when I turned it on I could hear the fan/motor running. I then turned it off, picked up the packing materials and threw them in the trash. About an hour later, I went back outside to our (fenced in) back yard where the Mosquito Magnet was set up and turned it on. Nothing happened. I tested the power cord, it was getting electricity. I was stumped, so I went inside and started reading the handbook that came with the unit, going through the trouble shooting section.After going through every possible fix in the handbook, I went to the Mosquito Magnet website. I thought perhaps there they may have some ideas. I was thrilled to find instructional videos on troubleshooting this very problem. I watched them all, and tried every fix suggested. Nothing worked, so I went in and watched them again to see if there was something I had missed. I tried everything, from clearing the propane lines to getting a brand new tank. I even tried the suggested fix of picking it up (and it's heavy) and shaking it, so that the weights on the inside would be evenly distributed again. I worked on it for days. Then when I gave up, my husband worked on it. When he gave up, my father (someone who can fix just about anything) had a go at it. After my father tinkered with it for a week, he gave it back to me, having no luck. I put it away for the summer, and brought it out again this summer. I found it and decided I needed to ether get it working, or get rid of it. So after fiddling with it all over again, and still having no luck, I've determined it's dead. The motor is the only thing not working. Everything is receiving power and all the lines are clear, with all new equipment attached to it. Unfortunately, it appears the motor only worked for 2 minutes before completely failing. This was very disappointing.
This works great to kill the Mosquitos in our yard. We live near a wooded area and have a lot of mosquitos this seems to really cut down on the bits my kids are getting. It is a bit of a pain to have to get a propane tank but it works great.
Mosquito Magnet MM4100 Patriot Mosquito TrapThis little guy right here came be a big help if you live where I do, right here in the very hot state of Texas. The mosquito are out at all times so anything that will kill these guys off when we are trying to grill or are just out side a good thing to me. If you have never had a run in with these little guys then let me tell you they suck, literally. I am not a fan of these miniature vampires  but they always seem to be a fan of me. Are they pests you ask, well yes they are because they can carry disease.Now I am never a fan of just killing something to kill it but that last sentence above seems to be a good reason to kill them. Any way this little thing workers great and can cover an acre or so I believe. Now this thing attracts them much like humans do but instead of getting blood taken it takes blood \"hahahahah\". Any way that is the simplest way I can describe it and that is basically what it does. I could go into an advanced tell all of how to do this but I think you can get it.
We live in New England, wonderful but for the mosquitos, and ticks.  Last year we bot a house on the edge of a wetlands and also have a beautiful  pond at the end of the street.  I knew that mosquitoes would abound, and they do.  At first I was going to turn some of the deck into a screen porch, but I actually love the big open deck, but for the wretched mosquitos which made the deck almost unusable in the late spring/summer/early fall.  So we got a mosquito magnet, and voila, we use our deck daily, several times per day, with nary a mosquito in sight.  The price to pay for this is the $300 for the magnet, 6 propane takes per summer ($14 every three weeks) and some of the mosquito attractant and the cartridges to clear the tubes.  OK, lets just say the maintenance cost per summer is $150, and the Magnet lasts 7 years, so $50 per year, I calculate that this costs us $200 per summer to own and run.  This works out to be A LOT cheaper than transforming the deck into a screen porch.  This gizmo  does work, and is cost effective for us.  Now if the company could just come up for something to get rid of the ticks :).
Came across mine today while cleaning out the garage and thought I would come here to see what others thought about this waste of money. Mine worked ok the first year but not for all the trouble and expense to maintain. Next year wouldn't work no matter what! Been in the Garage for 2 or 3 yrs. I'm throwing it away today!
Edit: After 2 months of using this product, I am raising it from 3 to 4 stars.  We do not have any mosquitos in our backyard (nor do our neighbors, but we get eaten alive in our front yard.  I am still leaving it at four stars, due to the price, and the fact that it still has some limitations.Previous review:I am torn on this review.  If I could I would give it 3.5 stars.  We were getting eaten alive, so we tried this product.  It has to run for 7 days before they say you will notice a difference.  It comes with a attractant cartridge that has to be replaced every 21 days, and the propane runs out every 21 days.  There is also two different types of attractant.  It came with the wrong type for our state, but it still worked. Also, along with the propane tank, you have to have an extension cord.  This is problematic if you want it in the middle of your one acre that it is supposed to cover.  It suggests that you bury the cord, but that could potentially take some serious effort.All in all, I think this product does what it says.  It is problematic, so I don't believe it is the end all wit solution.  I think this item would be perfect for a farm in the wetlands with a ton of Mosquitoes.  We live in a normal neighborhood that has quite a few mosquitoes, but not heavy concentrations in our area.  Having said that, I am not sure that for the price point, this type of product would be worth it for our particular situation. Again though, if we lived in a wetter climate, had a pool, or did a ton of entertaining outside, I would definitely look into something like this.
I had owned a mosquito trap for 7 years and just got a new one.First of all, it is not a one-stop solution. Some mosquitoes will always ignore the lure and go for their real meals, so some kind of bug repellent is still necessary. But in a heavily infested area, this trap helps reduce the mosquito population.It uses a standard propane tank and burns relatively slowly, so the fuel supply is not too much of a hassle. This model requires a wall electric outlet, and I was able to find a corner of the porch where the extension cord does not pose much problem. The trap itself is weather-proof, but the electric cord is not, so one should think through where in the yard it is going to go before making the purchase. The biggest headache for me is buying new lures. It is just one more over-priced consumable that one has to keep buying.
We have a large back yard, plus a three level deck.  If I put this in the yard, the yard was covered. On the deck, one level of the deck was covered. I could not find anywhere to cover the entire yard and deck.  We kept getting bitten. Tried it for a continuous 60 days. The most the trap ever captured was 6 mosquitoes. I'm sure this device would work great for a level yard or square property, but in real life, we all have trees, furniture and not-so-square yards.
I've owned a Mosquito Magnet Liberty Plus for several years and had good success with it.  This version seems to be working just as well, however placement is a bit of an issue. Since it has an extension cord it requires bit more thought as to where to use it to avoid cutting the cord or tripping over it.  Also, you don't want to place the device too close to where you're going to be as that's not where you want to draw the mosquitos.I've had this up and running for a few weeks now and have noticed a decline in the local mosquito population (I actually use this one along with my Liberty Plus) and the trap is full of mosquitos.  You do have to make sure the traps are emptied periodically, new attractant is inserted and that you refill the propane tank every ~3 weeks.  This is all a bit of a hassle, but it beats not being able to use our yard.  The Mosquito Magnet comes with one Attractant package, the device itself and a long (though thin) extension cord and clips to keep the extension cord in place over grass.  The device does not come with a propane tank.The only thing I dislike about this model is having a cord, after having one that I could place anywhere I dislike having to deal with a cord, but it comes at quite a cost savings from the cordless model and works just as well. If you do get one (and I can attest that they really seem to work), remember to get it out and running early in the season as that cuts down the mosquito population early which means that they don't have time to breed.  Unfortunately, this means more propane tank refills and attractant purchases.
These are Christmas gifts for my sons I bought 2. Bad snow storms in Chicago. Great Seller, Great Price, Fast Delivery would buy from again, Thank you  Feels very durable and strong.
This little snow shovel is a fantastic &#34;emergency&#34; shovel to keep in the trunk of one's car.  Because it has a telescoping handle and is very lightweight, it takes up little space and adds little weight.I have used this shovel for the past few winters (as an emergency shovel only) and have been pleased with its performance as a light-duty shovel.  I've appreciated its size as I move show out from under my tires or from around my doors.This shovel is not good for large amounts of icy/slushy snow, but it will work well for light snow and/or small amounts of snow at a time.  It is also VERY much a &#34;shoveling&#34; or &#34;digging&#34; shovel, not a &#34;pushing&#34; shovel.  I would not rely on this shovel for pushing large quantities of snow, especially an icy/slushy snow.After several winters of use, I haven't noticed any bending of the shaft, nor any of the other quality issues that are mentioned in some of the other reviews.  This little shovel has held up well!Last winter, I found another use for this shovel-- it is a great shovel for stairs.  Because it is so light and narrow, it worked well on the stairs/steps that lead into my home.
As far as I am concerned, this is a must-have item for the winter. (Well, assuming you live in a place that gets snow.) I can't tell you how many times I have seen people trying to dig themselves out of a parking lot or something with a garbage can lid, or worse, their bare hands. You can break this down into three pieces, so it's easy to store in your car. Keeping a full-sized shovel in your car simply isn't practical, so this is perfect for emergencies.According to the package, the shovel adjusts from 25 inches to 32 inches and weighs 1.3 lbs (that's 0.5 kg for our friends in Canada). Despite its light weight, it feels very well constructed. Even fully extended, tall folks will need to be hunched over to use it, but it's not like you are going to shovel your driveway with the thing.If you are a Costco member, you can buy a two-pack of these for thirty bucks. The item number is 563328. However, you don't get a choice of colors, since the package contains one red and one yellow shovel.This product is made in China.
I'm not sure why this is titled a &#34;sport utility shovel&#34; as I keep it in my hybrid sedan, but regardless it is a solid, light shovel which is good for light-duty and emergency use.It is also quite good for building snow shelters like a quinzhee. The smaller head and adjustable handle allow you to get in and dig out the insides.Happy shoveling!
Small but rugged. For keeping in the car for 'just in case' scenarios - I think it's perfect.Like someone else said - great for occasional use. It's a little smaller than I expected but it's right on the edge. And, by that I mean some people will call it too small and others will disagree.For a solution in the winter that will stay in my car all the time - this is probably about as large as you'd want without it being annoying.Seems really well made. No snow yet so I can't test it out. But, I was totally prepared to send this back if it didn't seem strong enough. And, I'm keeping it.I checked out some plastic alternatives but they seemed cheap and the reviews were not nearly good enough for me to even bother - and they were more expensive.
Just got this and so far I haven't had to use but am glad that I have it just in case.  I like that it's out of metal and not plastic.
cool looking shovel. compact yet appears sturdy. if you store this in your trunk be careful! I cut open a grocery bag with it and dropped a jar of olives behind my car lol
I was *this* close to getting a black diamond avalanche shovel, but this is more than sufficient for what I need, and was far more affordable.  Solid handles and shaft, the main difference with the more expensive shovels is that this is heavier and may take more time than, say, the BD Deploy shovel to assemble (though identical in time to the Ortovox Badger and many other shovels)
This duster works, but it does clog and makes a big mess. I used this to help spread DE in my house for a flea infestation. It came in handy for getting into the little cracks here and there, but it did clog somewhat regularly and you have to pump it just right to get it to work well. I have used this item again since them, but if I have to do it again I'll probably just spread it by hand. Be prepared for a big mess either way.
Bought this to go with some Delta Dust that I purchased to get rid of carpenter ants. I have also puffed it around doorways and other places that bugs enter my home, mostly just to practice using it.I have a lot of trouble controlling how much dust it puts out. I either get a very fine puff of dust that blows away in the slightest breeze, or I get big jets of dust that coat whatever I'm dusting with a way thicker coat than intended. It's easy to get it to blow thin puffs of dust... just hold it with the lid up (like in the picture), shake the duster to get some of the dust airborne, and kind of tap it like a little drum. Getting a slightly thicker coat without just shooting solid jets of dust out is a little trickier and involves just the right combination of the angle you hold it at and how much you compress it. Even with some practice, I'm not perfect at it, but it hasn't clogged up or failed me.I'm not sure I'd purchase this exact model again... there are other types of bulb and bellows dusters out there, or even just a cheapo ketchup bottle would probably work, but for the price, it's definitely going to work for my needs. Indoors, where the very thin puffs of dust would settle and now blow away in the breeze, this would probably work wonders. However, I'm not into puffing insecticide dust all over my house. For those using it with diatomaceous earth, this would probably work beautifully.
Must master the technique before entering the battlefield. If not, you will be left with a mass pileup on one side and fine dust on the other. Once mastered, a fine product indeed.
I bought this duster for a relative who lives in an apartment in a building with 'little friends'. He is not allowed to use sprays or pesticides, so I purchased diatomaceous earth and this duster for him. H tells me it was was very easy to use and dispersed the product very well into all the nooks and crannies evenly with no clumping. Now I think I may well buy one for myself to use in the garden to fight slugs come spring. I love being able t use non-toxic products and this duster makes it easy to do.
This actually works. It's important to blow some Diatomaceous Earth into crevices including outlets and anywhere bedbug juveniles, eggs, or adults can hide. Without this device, I'm not sure that I could have conquered the problem. Don't overfill this and check to see that you are still blowing some product out from time to time. Some reviewers appeared to have had difficulty regulating the amount of material that is blown and others with it clumping or piling. It takes a little while to get the hang of it.
Rather basic duster, but it works. I use it for placing boric acid dust into tight spaces and cracks. Easy to open by unscrewing. Made out of plastic and while unlikely to have a long life it's worth the small price.
I believe Wolf Creek was the vendor from whom I purchased this, but I just used this instant piece of garbage for the first time today. The top would not screw on properly. It was missing the &#34;straw&#34; to connect to the hole in the lid, so I substituted a heavy duty one of my own.  It was a snug fit, too.  The unit would not operate in an upright position.  When flipped upside-down, it leaked the very fine sulfur dust I was using from every crevice BUT the one it was designed for. Mine was whitish-clear plastic, so perhaps the one in the display picture has been improved upon, but it was a &#34;Pest Pistol.&#34;  I feel scammed out of the purchase price.
Eco-Shredder ES1600 14 amp Electric Chipper / Shredder / Mulcher Works well, some cleaning necessary during use with wetter materials, but I am happy with my Eco-Shredder Electric Chipper / Shredder / Mulcher as it does what I expected it to do.
Very week, very small stuff, any big ones I have to take it apart and take the big stuff out.  Seems that if they make a week chipper they could make cleaning easer.
I received mine, it came with a usermanual (with some errors in it), the main device, and wheels, handle, and some other smaller tools (2 plastic rings I don't know what they are for, as they aren't being specified in the user manual).It also comes with 2 hexagon rods (which are not necessary unless you replace the blades, and even then one would have been sufficient), a wrench (2 are needed to mount the wheels), and it's lacking a cross (philips) screwdriver to mount the top.After about 5 minutes of following the user manual to the letter, the device is installed. 2 errors however, one being that I did not see a safety switch in the device when unmounting the top hopper, which was not described, and I presume is the black plastic cover to keep you from sticking your hands in the device. And second, the motor overload protection switch says it only goes off when the motor gets jammed or overheated; which in my case was hardly the case!I plugged in the device after mounting it, and turned it on. The device appears to work, but the overload protection switch kicks in, and shuts down the engine after 5 seconds!I can clearly hear from the engine, that the blades are free, and the engine is not jammed! Neither can the engine be overheated, because the device is still cold!It does not seem to matter whether I stick a branch under little force in the device, or leave it running without load; the device shuts down on me!I received this device, and used it no longer than 20 seconds, and I will be sending it back with Amazon, and hope for a refund, since it seems like I can not exchange this device for a similar one (Amazon webpage error)!I presume it was a one device issue, but since I can't receive a similar device back, I'll ask for a full refund, and save my money for a more advanced model, with better reviews!
I purchased based on the reviews/ratings. The shredder arrived with damaged packaging (  seems to be the usual thing now a days)  which resulted in damaged parts.. The hopper sits on top of a metal feed tube.  The feed tube was bent out of shape which resulted in it being difficult to attach the hopper and align the screws.  With some gentle tapping with a rubber mallet and a piece of wood ( covered with a piece of terry cloth)  I was able to  straighten it enough to get the hopper on .  When I went to screw  the one way screws  into the hopper to attach it to the  feed tube the bolts on the inside fell out.  I had to remove the hopper  fish out the bolts and  put them back in place and  start all over.  The instruction/operating manual  is poorly written when it comes to assembly directions. I think a parts list  and which part goes where would have been nice . I still have a part I do not know where it goes, it does not appear in the instructions nor is there any reference made to it in the manual.  The bar along the bottom where you attach the wheels is all dug up,paint  dug off  and some  dents due to the poor packaging, The directions for use  ( or lack their of) are poor.  I just wanted something I could use to clean up the small stuff  instead of having to load it up and hauling it to the woods . I also wanted to use the end result of mulch. I spend $300 annually on mulch and am hoping this will help cut down on the cost of mulch.  I really think  it would not have added much cost to  provide a  more detailed  owners operating manual and assembly directions.  I will update this review after I use it.  Right now I am not sure I would recommend it.  They preach safety but give you instructions and pictures that are incomplete and  poorly written and the photos show very little as they are of poor quality.
Chips really well BUT the parts are worthless.  On my third session the V-cutter disintegrated; since the cutters are not warranted I contacted MAXTool (Amazon obtained it from MAXTool) and ordered a new cutter.  After installation, on my forth session, the square bushing, part # 6156-200001, disintegrated and this time MAXTool told me that this was a known problem part; however none were in stock and they had no information on when, or if,  the part would be available.  Works great when it works; but sadly it doesn't work reliably and parts are not available.  Do not buy this chipper!KUDO's to Amazon, when I emailed them about this problem, even though I was out of the 30 day return window, I immediately got an email authorizing free UPS return and a refund.  Lousy product but great Amazon customer service; especially in light of useless MAXTool customer service.
Very cool design, and it doesn't leak.  There is something that just feels right about using a garden nozzle that was designed for its purpose.  Those multi purpose nozzles always leak and get you wet.  These nozzles pop off and not a drop comes with it.  Its such a simple design, I don't know how others didn't think of it first.  I have this extension and one for my garden.  Very nice
This is my favorite hose spray nozzle. It adjusts from a fine spray to a forceful stream strong enough to wash off your mower, sidewalk or many other uses. It is light to hold and adjusts with ease. I have replaced all my hoses with Gardena hoses and now am replacing the spray nozzles. The quick connect with this nozzle does not leak and is an excellent convenience. The price is commensurate with the quality of this product.
This is a good nozzle for sure, but not quite as well-engineered as other Gardena tools I have owned. The quick connect works well, but the spray adjustment mechanism is a bit balky and takes two hands to adjust properly. This one is made from Germany's finest plastic. For ease of adjustment, I would recommend one of the better brass models out there. But since this not terribly expensive and appears to be durable, I can still recommend it for general garden use.
It i a good nozzle andh quickconnect part is great also is using other produts or ifyou want to just disconnectthe nozzle part, I am happy with purchase
Perfect simple spray nozzle.  Nothing that has to be gripped, or held on, which can get very tiring if you are watering a large garden.  It's simple to adjust this nozzle from a fine mist, to full spray, to forceful patio wash.I connected this to my Gardena hose and it works perfectly, but the included Quick Connect allows you to snap the nozzle on and off any garden hose.
If you have a GS 40, this cover will not work.  Also, the cover seems to be cheaply made from flisy material, definitely not worth the money.  I bought a cover for a small Char Grill propane grill, much higher quality cover for less money and works very well on the GS 40.
sure a plastic garbage bag can do its job (probably better, this thing doesn't keep water out). But when it's out on my patio it looks good. I do not intend to clean my smoker so this thing does a good job of covering it up.
Way overpriced. I suggest you buy a tarp and use it with a couple of bungee cords at least that will last longer. The cover feels like it will tear at any moment whenever it snags on the back bar of the smoker. Its too thin and could use another layer as thick as it already comes to give it a longer life for the price you pay. It does fit nice and snug though. The round black kettle grill company (catch my drift here) makes better covers but of course that isnt going to work on this smoker.
this is no way weather proof this is just like a thin wind breaker jacket your kids ware. BUT it works great for me it fits well & keeps the dirt off my smoker when stored it my shed. if you plan on keeping your smoker outside in the rain/snow DON'T buy this cover.
Bought this to cover my masterbuilt 30\" smoker. It covers and fit the smoker perfectly, but looses a star because its REALLY thin I expected a little more heft like the grill covers I have bought in the past. With proper care I expect it to last quite a while despite this.
This cover is a perfect fit.  It is light weight, easy to pull off and on, durable, and weather resistant.
I bought this cover because, much to my disappointment, my smoker didn't come with one.I guess Masterbuilt wants you to buy covers separately. The cover has the Masterbuilt logo on it.It fits my 30&#34; smoker snugly, and my only wish is that it be made out of a little thicker material.
First of all, the seller was great.  The product was received in good condition and shipment was very fast.That said, inside the box is a warning that the product is for &#34;indoor domestic use only.&#34;  Additionally, there are warnings that it contains lead and other toxins and that you should wash your hands after using it.The product is thin, looks to be easily torn....etc etc.In other words, I could take a dry cleaning bag and cover the smoker and at least I wouldn't have to worry about lead.
This thing is a waste of money for your 30&#34; Masterbuilt smoker.  It is of cheap material.  Easily blows off if you live in a windy area (like I do) and will certainly degrade quickly in the elements.  If I had to do it over I wouldn't waste my $ on this.  If it was half the price I would buy several but for what they are charging you are better off coming up with a cover solution of your own.
There is not much to say about this cover.  It does what it is supposed to do. It is lightweight, but not flimsy.  It fits perfectly and protects our Masterbuilt Smoker.Masterbuilt 20070910 30-Inch Electric Smokehouse Smoker, Black
This cover has kept my smoker from the elements. It fits perfectly. The smoker cover and smoker reside under a covered patio so they don't see wet weather.
Lets be clear.  This cover fits perfectly, even has a bump built in to cover the handle.  The cover is a thin material, however it is a very durable, heavy duty material.  The seams are well made.  While I have only had this cover for a few weeks, I fully expect to last many years.
The birds love it - bluejays, chickadees, finches.  It is the most popular of 3 different types of birdfeeders I have.  Unfortunately, a squirrel, has taken a liking to it, but that's not the feeder's fault.
This platform is very well built, from indestructible looking material. I got it for Mourning Doves, among others, however. So, I'm dissapointed that the hanging wires are so close together that they are afraid to land. That's a function of the platform's size...the wires could be farther apart only if the platform was bigger. My husband says not to worry about it...the Jays will never let the Doves on there, anyway!
This platform feeder is very well made and thought out.  Its made of a tough material that will take the weather well, and I love the drainage system that is an essential with any platform feeder, (but too often overlooked).  This kind of feeder is one that will attract any kind of bird that goes to a feeder at all.  And it will also tend to attract ground feeders that usually don't go to the hangers.  The only thing I would warn someone about with a feeder like this if you have never owned one is expect the squirrels to love it as much as the birds.  Platform feeders are notorious for attracting squirrels that will not only be all over your feeder and scare all the birds away, but tip it and spill the seed all over the place as well.  Very few people are fortunate enough to use this feeder in a place where squirrels can't get to it.  So I would suggest if you buy this model that you plan on mounting it on a pole with a squirrel baffle underneath as I have done.  The squirrels can't get past the baffle, (just make sure you mount it high enough that they can't jump on top of it), and the feeder itself is a total hit with the birds.  Personally I have not seen a better one at this price.  Recommended for its fine quality and design. : )
I am very happy with this feeder, which I have had for about a month now. It is sturdy and very well-made. I like the fact that it is plastic and not wood, as I think it will last longer. It is well-balanced and when it swings in the wind, it does not tip over. Rain water drains through the screen, but I still dump the seed out after a rain, to avoid molding and sprouting. When I want to clean out the empty hulls, it is easy to tip it over and the hulls fall right out. It attracts lots of birds, especially cardinals, who prefer to perch on it rather than any kind of closed feeder. I am thinking of buying another one of these feeders.Update #1: It is now May and I absolutely love this feeder. I am back to buy another one. It attracts an amazing variety of birds, including a red-headed woodpecker and some rose-breasted grosbeaks. This morning, a house finch parked its baby in the feeder and just kept stuffing food into the little one! I have another kind of hanging feeder right next to it, but the birds will use that only if they can't squeeze in on the platform feeder. The squirrels love it, too, but eventually they get full and let the birds eat. It still looks great and is easy to maintain. Squirrels are not tempted to chew it, as it is open and they can get to the seed.Update #2: I have had this feeder for almost a year now (actually have 2 of them), and I cannot say enough good things about it. It has remained sturdy and shows very little signs of wear. The squirrels do not chew it, thank goodness. I do need to hit the screen with a hose once in a while to clear out some of the seed gunk that eventually settles on the screen. I get an amazing variety of birds every single day. Yes, the squirrels hog it in the morning, but then they apparently go nap for the afternoon, and leave the birds in peace. It is very easy to keep clean, empty and fill. This is absolutely my favorite feeder for the variety of birds I can enjoy watching from my kitchen window. This winter, I have seen so many of my favorite birds: the red-headed woodpecker (and his mate), nuthatches, titmice, chickadees, cardinals, and so many more. For some reason, the cowbirds are in love with it, too, and they gather in groups on it. I call it the \"Cowbird Coffee Klatch\" when they show up.
In addition to the birds that like feeders, there are a lot of birds that would rather eat off the ground.  Not only is it dangerous because of cats, but we can't see them from our windows.  I was amazed at how well this works with the ground feeders.  Now I can watch the sparrows, doves and other birds that I don't know the names of, from the comfort of my couch as they &#34;ground feed&#34; in this tray.It is well made from recycled plastic.  It allows moisture to drain while holding the seed ( we use black sunflower seeds).I have tried other tray feeders in the past.  This is by far the best and worth the price.  I will be ordering more of these gems for each of our &#34;feeding trees&#34;.
Easy to install, holds a good amount of wood chips and the lid stays closed.  First time gas grill owner and smoker.  After reading countless reviews on Amazon I decided to try this out with my gas grill and what a difference in taste.  I used the apple woodchips for my chicken and hot dogs and the taste is awesome.  This large sized smoker box fits perfectly in the grill and it's easy to add more chips to the unit.  Just make sure you soak the chips for about an hour before using them or it'll catch on fire.  Highly recommend.
I have a Weber Genesis NG (natural gas) model and this fit perfectly between the &#34;flavor bars&#34;. I set it close to the front of the grll so I could  lift the grill and put more wood chips in. (Jack Daniels Whiskey chips, yum yum).  I filled the box to the top and within a few minutes I got so much smoke the neighbors came out to see what I was doing! Of course I didn't take time to read the directions. You only need a 1/4cup or less for great smoke. I purchased the large size box, and could easily have been successful with the smaller version. I went to the best grilling website (amazing ribs.com) and learned how to use my grill, especially with respect to smoking on a gas grill with this v-shaped smoker box which they recommend. TIP: Ya don't have to keep the smoke going the whole time you are grilling! Have fun!
I really like this v box smoker box.  I use a Weber gas grill. I have tried an assortment of other methods of getting that smokey flavor using chips including tin cans.Here is how to get maximum performance out of your wood chips and gas barbecue.  Soak your chips for about an hour.  Put the chips into the v box.  Put into the v box into the wedge on the barbque one off from the flame, so it is not directly on the flame.  Then add water up to the lip of the v box.  This allows you to get maximum time from your chips, provides the smoke and smokey flavor to be absorbed by the meat.  Now your cookin!
Works great in my Weber Genesis 6611001 E-310 637-Square-Inch 38,000-BTU Natural-Gas Grill, Black.  I purchased the short smoker box because I need less smoke in the flavor of our food.  Be sure that you soak your chips for at least 1 hour if you don't want flames in the box. It fits great between the \"flavor\" bars and provides just the correct amount of smoke for ribs, pork and beef roasts.  The only thing lacking is in the description is the size so my hope was that it was about 6\" long and for once in my life I guessed correctly.
This product is great.  It is constructed of stainless steel and is heavy gauge,  so it should last a while.  Today I used it the first time and it puts out some good smoke while cooking.  Just ensure the chips are wet or they will not smoke correctly.
While I am (impatiently) waiting for my wife to give me the thumbs up to get a Big Green Egg I purchased this smoker box.  Being stainless I believe it will be much more durable than a cast iron box.  It is not super deep so if you use wood chunks you may have to split some of them to get the lid to close all the way.  But whether you soak the wood or not this allows food to get that smoke flavor without having to use a charcoal grill.  This fits perfectly between the flavorizor bars of my Weber grill.Great stuff.
I normally have to go out and buy chlorine tablets for our pool each year.  Found this on Amazon at a great price free delivery with 'Prime'.  Received it in 4 days.  Great service.  I'm sure it's as good if not better than the tablets I normally buy at NAMCO.
Extremely annoying individual packaged chlorine pucks.  Still a good price via Amazon though.  It would be nice if they would offer a product without all the wasted packaging for those of us that already do enough environmental damage with our pools without the extra insult.
The work like the others.  I have a love/hate relationship for individually wrapped tablets, so can't comment on that.  I liked ordering it from Amazon and having it appear at my front door.
These are really great chlorine pucks ! they come in a super strong bucket with a safety top , the pucks are individually wrapped. The quality of the chlorine is great just a few pucks keeps my pool sparkling ! one caution , when you first open the bucket HOLD your breath ! the fumes that come out will blow you away if you inhale it !
This is my second time purchasing these tablets (25 lb bucket last time).  They work very well, requiring fewer replacements than other tablets I've purchased before from Home Depot.  I like that these tablets are individual packaged, although it seems this entire bucket is filled with unsealed packages.  I'm hoping this fact doesn't change the quality or life of the tablets because I'll be using them all summer and into the fall.  I would rate these 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that the individual packages are unsealed.
With the arrival of the first frosty nights in the mid Atlantic, one thing is certain when you live near the woods: mice will begin looking for warmer places to nest. And for years, they've been very fond of doing so in our garage.I baited these traps with a dab of peanut butter, and placed them in two locations on opposite sides of the garage where we had seen mice. Within 48 hours, the dual visual indicators (the red setting bar and the trap chamber door, which raises when the trap is set) indicated success. Shaking the traps confirmed the contents, which went out with the trash on trash day.Rapid results and no vermin to handle...what's not to like?
If you are lucky in your lifetime to have only a couple of mice, you might like this, but seriously, most people have continuous mice; they just disappear for a short time.  The cost of this trap will run you broke if you try to catch a field of mice.Marketing - keeping the parasites insideThe most exciting thing about this newfangled mouse (tiny) trap is that it can catch a mouse and you will never see it!  The marketing design is that trapping a mouse keeps any diseases and parasites inside.  I have lived around mice all my life and never once worried about the parasites leaking from mice.  My hot button is trapping a mouse inside and never seeing it.CAT: 3 mice VS Newfangled Traps: 0I have had this trap out for a few weeks now in outside locations that I know mice frequent, simply because CAT has told me there are mice here and there.  Well, CAT has found and caught a couple and the high falutin' newfangled expensive trap is empty.Expensive plasticThe plastic holds a steel bar that will instantly and \"humanely\" kill a mouse, provided he is small enough to get into the opening which is 1x1 inch.  I don't know of anyone who has one mouse, two mice, three mice.  Generally people have many mice to contend with.  These traps appear expensive if you believe you have a field of mice to catch.  Plus, the opening for the mice to enter is quite small, 1x1 inch opening.Peanut butterThe package advises the use of peanut butter on the tip of an opening which you would unscrew.  I have never used peanut butter for mice, but will try anything.Once I catch a mouse, I will update the review, but for now, CAT still has a job to do. ....Rizzo
A safe, hygienic and ease to activate mouse trap. The V Kill & Seal trap does what most others do not, namely, seals the mouse in the house so it and parasites will not escape, plus ensures any fluids will not leak. If economy is an issue, purchase the old fashion cheese/bait and snap type trap and deal with infections and possible contamination to pets and kids. The V trap is neat and reliable - we trapped a field mouse plaguing the patio overnight.  However, we substituted peanut butter (none available) with a Kibble w/o incident.  The instructions on the 2-pack box were lacking detail.  For those needing more stuff, the following C&P; from their site:\"With a No-Touch No-See No-Cleanup design, the Kill & Seal is incredibly easy to use. Unscrew the bait sealing hatch, place a little bit of peanut butter inside the hatch and then screw the hatch back into the trap. Push the red trap handle down to open the patented red fluid-tight door and set the internal kill bar. Place the trap next to a wall with the red door closest to the wall. For best results, place multiple traps at 2 to 3 foot intervals along walls in different areas of the home where rodents travel. When a mouse and its disease-carrying parasites are caught, the red trap handle will move to the upward position and the red fluid-tight door will seal shut. Simply throw away the one-time use disposable trap. Do not push the red trap handle back down as parasites may then escape when the door opens.\"
I love the idea of ridding my home of disease-carrying rodents. The thought of one of those furry beasts scampering over a Jimmy Chu-clad pair of a female guest's hooves during a lively and exclusive party give me palpitations and if such an incident were to occur, I'd be cut from the list of every socialite within 100 miles of this God-forsaken, culture-less backwater of which I now deign to exist.Having a way to kill the little devils and yet never having to see or touch them gladdens my heart a touch.  It was with great excitement my two little traps were received and I immediately put one to use in my auto room, which is the only place in my domicile wherein something horrid like the above scene could occur due to various and sickening small holes which the owner simply refuses to take care of, the money-sucking slumlord that he is.As to the traps themselves, I found both the baiting area and the entry hole to be a bit small. One might be able to capture and kill a vole or perhaps a teenage rat, but the large rodentia that run rampant in this neighborhood (and I use the term lightly) would laugh and stroll onward, methinks.However, soon after I put the device in place with a mixture of gourmet peanut butter and some of my best Brie, I had actually entrapped and killed a small creature of some kind (what kind I can only guess, since I dare not open the device and peek in!) and soon disposed of the device, carcass and all. I immediately doused my entire torso in Purell then took a hot shower, followed by vigorous swabbing with alchohol wipes.Bravo to the aptly-named Victor! Job well done. I think this next time I'll try a little raspberry confecture combined with pistachio paste and see if the little darlings have a sweet tooth...
The theory behind these traps is that a dead mouse - killed by means other than the \"Kill & Seal\" disposable trap - could let loose parasites and germs that might move on to our pets or our children and that dead mouse urine or blood could trigger asthma reactions. Enter (not literally) \"Kill & Seal\" where mice come in because they smell the bait (not included) inside and are quickly killed, out of sight and sealed in so that nothing, not even germs or little parasites can get out. The trap and its victim can then be safely and hygienically disposed and a new trap can be set to catch the next mouse candidate.Operation is easy. There is a corked opening through which 'bait' is dropped into the trap. Pulling a lever will set the trap and open the door. After the mouse enters to investigate the door closes shut and the mouse is smashed dead but we don't see that unless we remove the cork through which we inserted the bait. It should be practically impossible or very difficult to reuse these traps once a mouse is caught and attempting to do so would defeat the trap's purpose of preventing germs and parasites from jumping on us.While these traps appear to be effective - one of them caught what was probably the last uncaught mouse left in our basement - they are expensive too. Dealing with more than a few mice by means of disposable Kill & Seals may not be a practical or cost-effective solution.I will grant these Made in China traps 3 stars (they are Okay) for being effective and innovative. Two stars are deducted for them lacking affordability.
I hate mice.REALLY hate them.But, as much as I hate them, I don't want them to suffer.So I've been buying and trying various ways to kill the little devils. I'd abandoned conventional snap traps as too gross and you don't always get a clean kill. I don't like the idea of glue traps because the poor mouse suffers. The same with poison, plus I hate finding mouse carcasses scattered around. My favorite way to dispatch them is to use electronic mouse traps. They die quicly and probably painlessly, but you have to empty the trap and that can be gross. My wife wants nothing to do with disposing of the remains.For the squeamish, the victor kill and seal is a good option. It kills them quickly and seals up the remains permanently. They're pretty easy to set up and place. But my biggest problem with the solution is the cost per trap. It's about double what I'd pay for a trap, but it does work as advertised. I think Victor's overselling the parasite angle, but I think most people would be more interested in hiding the body and not having to worry about seeing it afterward. For a major infestation, it can be an expensive option. In that event, consider buying the Victor electronic trap.
I just recently discovered evidence of mice and decided to give these a try. Never having used any other trap before, I didn't know what to expect. There are no instructions to this - just a couple of drawings that are not at all sufficient. It took me far longer than necessary to figure out how to bait and set them. Despite evidence of activity, it then took several days for one to be set off. In disposing of the trap, I couldn't really be sure a mouse was even in there but didn't want to reopen it to check. I just thew out the entire trap. I did catch one in the second trap and appreciate not having to see the mouse at all. But these are so expensive and not particularly reliable that I would not recommend them to anyone except the most squeamish and wealthy of friends. I have since tried some reusable traps - one that operates like the traditional trap and another that uses a housing like this one - where you don't have to see the mouse but can still empty and reuse the trap itself. Despite my initial reluctance to deal with the sight of a dead mouse, I did catch one in the traditional style trap and it really wasn't as bad as I expected disposing of it. I have yet to catch one in my latest trap (and have not seen other activity) but after trying some other trap varieties, this one would be way down my list of recommendations. There are better and more economical choices.
Anyone that has a mouse problems knows what a hassle it can be to track down, catch, and dispose of them is.This mouse trap seeks to elimate most of the nastiness that comes with the territory once the mouse is caught. It that sense it's a good mouse trap. When a mouse is in there you never have to see it, touch it, or anything. Just pick up the trap and toss it.Not bad, however, the one problem I had is a fresh trap (one right out of the box) had a certain 'new' smell to it that kept the mice away. Once the smell was gone and new bait put in they worked quickly and effectively.If you don't mind the traditional mouse traps they stick with those, however if you don't want to see the mouse post-capture this will certain be an enticing product for you.In the end it worked out just fine for me.
These traps are ridiculously expensive!  If you have many mice, you might go broke buying traps.  At $4.45 per trap, I thought maybe I should do something with the mouse after I caught it.  My husband will eat anything, but even he is not interested in Mouse Soup.My other problem with this trap is that it is just more plastic junk to fill up landfills.The best mouse trap I have found isd-CON 00027 Ultra Set Covered Mouse Trapand it is reusable.  You can also go with the old reliableVictor M038 Easy Set Mouse Trap, 4-Packfor a really inexpensive trap.  These are my husband's favorite.
This seems like a wonderful idea and, in theory, it really is.  Unfortunately, the traps (at least in our use) did not catch anything but our time wasted in setting them up.  We followed directions carefully to place the pb in the hatch and we made sure the door faced the wall but the traps just did not work.  Save your money--you are better off with snap traps, sticky pads, humane traps, or even an exterminator.
Excellent, easy to use, and its  nice to  not touch the mouse. Decent affordable solution when on a budget.
This product works as advertised.  It will catch/kill a mouse about as effectively as a standard \"snap\" mousetrap.  They both use the same principles: bait it with peanut butter, set it, and catch the mouse.The advantage this has over a typical mousetrap is that you do not have to view the \"execution\" and can just cleanly toss away the whole unit afterward.  Another advantage over a standard mousetrap is that, since it is all enclosed, you need not worry about your dog, cat, etc. hurting themselves on the trap.The downside to this is it can become fairly expensive.  If you are going to keep these in a garage, basement, etc. just as a precaution, that's one thing.  But if you get mice in the house, typically a field/house mouse is going to have a nest of 10-20 who come to visit you.  That would be a lot of these disposable traps, and at more than $4 a pop it'll add up quickly.As far as performance, this is about as effective as a regular bait mouse trap.  Some reviews have commented on its failure and small opening.  My opinion is as follows:There are times when a mouse will eat the peanut butter bait, but not trip the trap, or manage to dodge it.  That goes for standard snap traps as well as this one.  I have used the black plastic Tom Cat mouse traps in the past and found they work well.  But even with those, I'd say about 1 out of 10 or 15 times I'd return to find no peanut butter and the trap either untripped or unoccupied.  If you are looking for 100%, you can go with a chemical trap, but that comes with a whole other suite of issues.....pets, dead mice in your walls, etc.With a snap trap, enclosed or not, accept that once in a while the mouse will dine for free at the trap, but you'll get him the next day.As for size, the opening is about 1 inch on this Victor trap.  Small to you and me, but ample for a mouse.I have used these in my garage to intercept visitors before they make their way into my house.  They work fine.  I happen to prefer the standard traps.  There is usually very little clean-up, and standard \"snap\" traps are reusable (depending on the mess they made), where this is meant as a one-shot deal.  Even if you dispose of the snap traps, they still cost less than half this enclosed unit.So I would say, if you simply do not want to deal with seeing your rodent victim, or just want to lay a trap or two as a precaution, this product would be for you.  However, if you are trying to get rid of a nest, a standard snap trap will work just as well but cost much less.
I have some rural property and mice have been an issue.  Luckily, the dogs usually take care of the outdoor mice, but there is the matter of the occasional mouse coming inside.This trap initially looked promising because you don't have to worry about the danger of tradtional traps with the sensitive settings that can cause serious injury.  In the past, I have had such traps, but always had them pre-set in the store so as to prevent injury.  When a mouse was caught, I'd have the neighborhood exterminator properly dispose of it and re-set the trap.With this, you dodge the glue and sensitive spring bullets.  As noted in another U.S. review, one trap actually caught mice whereas the others were food stops for hungry rodents.  Since these traps ARE made of plastic, they do not have the same level of durability as the metal Hav-A-Heart traps that I have been using all along.  The Hav-A-Hearts actually CAPTURE errant rodents and you can then dispose of them as gently as you choose.Unlike the Hav-A-Hearts, which are made entirely of metal, this style of trap is pure plastic and the little lever the animal has to run over to get to the food does not always work.While I think this is an unpredictable product at worst and mediocre at best, I will stick with the Hav-A-Heart traps as they have a very high batting average and are extremely effective.  The Hav-A-Hearts are a bit pricey, but they ARE worth it and they DO work.
As someone else noted, the mechanism in these traps doesn't seem to work at all.  I loaded both traps 3 times and found that the mice got in, took the PB, and left little mouse pebbles inside, around, and... wait for it... even on top of the traps.  I guess this last act was the ultimate review of this device.In concept, these sounded great.  In reality, I'm going back to the old spring loaded traps.  Still waiting for the better mousetrap!
I had thought this would have been the right product for me to get rid of a couple troublesome mice that have been getting in my shed. Turns out that this is not the case.The hole where the mouse goes in is just too small for the breed of mice in my area. I was expecting to just go back out there after a couple days and be able to just dispose of the pesky rodents and go on about my business, unfortunately not the case. So I sat out there one day while working on some things and noticed a mouse trying to get into the trap but it couldn't fit it's head in the whole. It's not like we have rats out here or anything, just simple mice.Rather disappointing.While I did end up catching 2 others with the boxes and disposing of them I still had to deal with the larger one of the group with a normal trap. Too bad they couldn't have been a little more accommodating and made the traps a little more universal.I still rate them high though due to the fact that they are rather effective and clean up is extremely easy, just pick them up and toss them.
I bought this product thinking it would be something like a Diaper Genie - the mouse is somehow enclosed in a little disposable bag. But no... each trap is disposable - one-time use only!I hate mice, and we live in a very rural area so mice are a fact of life at our house. I was thrilled to discover a trap that requires no actual contact with the mouse - wow! When the package arrived I realized that each trap is made to be used one time and then disposed of. I struggle with this since it's so wasteful and plastic is such a contaminant in our world.Setting up the trap couldn't be easier. Unscrew a small plug, fill it with peanut butter or another attractant, re-insert the plug, press a lever until it locks in place, and put the trap in place. That's it! When you press the lever to set the trap, a small door opens to allow the mouse into the trap. When the trap is sprung, the hole closes, which seals the trap up tight. I love the ease of use and the cleanliness of this design - you never have to remotely come in contact with the mouse. The thing that bugs me is the environmental factor - it's just so wasteful. The Kill & Seal Mousetrap would have definitely gotten five stars if not for the waste factor.
The concept behind this trap is a good one. In essence you'll never have to see or touch the dead mouse, which is a big plus. Unfortunately, the trap is flawed in that it has a hit-or-miss success rate. While easy to load and set, it's apparently not very sensitive as the mouse was able to get the peanut butter a few times before I gave up on the trap and went another route. I set it as instructed and gave it room to work, but it never seemed to go off while the peanut butter kept disappearing. It's a very large trap for its purpose, which makes it a little inconvenient to set out as well. It's not easy to put this next to a wall without it sticking out about five inches into the hallway.I'll give it points because it would probably work for a larger mouse and maybe mine is just too small for it to catch, but it needs work. You're probably better off with poison instead.
I let my buddy use these -- he's got a problem with mice in his house.The traps worked... and actually, we realized it's nice for certain households where you might have girlfriends/wives or kids living there who might not appreciate having to see and/or deal with exposed dead mice caught in conventional traps (or curled up dead in the corner after eating poison).However, we realized the price tag is pretty steep -- for those with REAL mice infestations, the cost for managing the problem with these traps could get into the hundreds of dollars.I think this is a neat solution for certain types, but is not really going to cut it for people with larger houses, larger problems, or those who live in a more countrified setting where there is more external habitat from which mice originate. For these people, plain ol' mousetraps, cats, and/or poison pellets or bars are the more practical and economical choice.I picture these being nice for city folks who live in smaller houses / apartments and want to get rid of a couple mice without having to see/handle the remains.
Here is where I am coming from.  We have a 1920's home in a northern tier state with hellish winters.  Every other year or so we have a mouse or two enter our house to avoid the cold.We are currently mostly controlling the mice with a cat.  However he is not particularly smart or discreet and seems to prefer to capture and show off mice during dinner parties.  This mousetrap's design is the epitome of discretion.  The mouse is captured completely unseen and can tidily be disposed of.One issue we have had with other traps is again, our cat.  Both the normal spring type trap and glue traps have somehow ended up stuck one of our cat's feet. Poison traps are also out, because if the cat did not eat the poison outright, it is possible he could eat poisoned mice. We were hoping to find some kind of trap we could use that would be cat proof and this one seems to fit the bill.  We have set two out and although they appear to have been batted around a little, they are not affixed the cat's legs, which is an improvement.The cost does seem a little steep for a disposable solution, but in the long run, a lot cheaper than the cat.  I love the absolute ease of use. I guess the true value of the traps will become apparent if/when they catch mice.Which brings me to the problem with writing this review. As I said, we typically only see a mouse once every other year. However, should either the cat or the traps catch one, I will update the review.Updated Score 3/29/11Cat - 5Mousetrap - 0  (despite rebaiting, but the cat found the hole they were coming in, now it's closed.)May the best solution win.
This is a well thought out design, which should be very sanitary.  I have not caught any mice yet, but that's because it's not cold enough.  Once the temperature drops, mice find their way into my vacation cabin.  In about a month or so I plan on seeing the success.
There's a saying that if you want to make money, you need to build a better mouse trap.  Victor has been building mouse traps for many years and this year build a new mouse trap, one that is a lock down model that seals in the dead mouse and all of its problems  - problem is that is not a better mouse trap.  And it's much, much more expensive.  I figure if you all you want to do is to feed and house your mice, go ahead and buy the expense condo model.Test setup:1) Two older Victor mouse traps and two new mouse \"condo\" traps.  I used peanut butter for the bait and set all four in my shed where the mice had nested in my Toro Walk-behind lawnmower - but that is another story.  Yes, when you pull the cord and start it, they come flying out - and no mice were harmed in this fiasco.  Although they did stare at me with an attitude.2) I came back the next day and counted my mice.  The older traps killed two mice (one each) and the newer, gentler model killed one.  However, the one that remained unsprung was missing its bait.  Licked off the peanut butter clean as a whistle.3) Re-set two more reliable older models and the sprung and reset the newer, mouse motel model - with the dining room option.4) Came back for the body count the next day.  The two older models had one mouse each - dead of course.  However, the newer patio model with the now empty dining car was still without a mouse - but it now offered mouse dropping in the entrance hall just to make sure that I knew that we housed and fed one guest.Conclusions:  Save your money and buy the old, cheap stand by wooden traps that work.  If you can't stand to see a dead mouse and are afraid of all the possible parasites, mites, ticks, etc., then be ready to spend your retirement money attempting to catch them all in these bed and breakfast models.
It's been loaded with peanut butter from 9/27/10 until today, which is a bit over 2 months, and it hasn't caught a mouse.  This mousetrap doesn't work.  It was moved around to various places throughout the house and no mice were caught.Finally, after becoming frustrated with this item, I tried inexpensive mice pellets and that seemed to do the trick.This item is expensive and it doesn't seem to catch mice.  I wouldn't pay a penny for it.  The mice are probably getting a good laugh out of this contraption.  Not recommended!  Zero stars.
It's a bit hard to give this product a fair review because I haven't caught a mouse with it, but that could be because we don't have any mice in the house right now. My husband weatherstripped our doors and perhaps that's preventing mice from getting inside. But I really don't know... you can have mice for weeks without seeing them, maybe longer.We've had mice before, and caught one in a traditional trap just a few weeks before getting these \"Kill & Seal\" traps. After that we set out three different traps before getting these, and none of them has caught a mouse. But I know from past experience that catching no mice does not guarantee you have no mice! Some mice just avoid traps.As far as the design of the \"Kill & Seal\" trap, I like the fact that our dogs aren't likely to get injured by the traps. I also like the ability to keep mouse blood and so on away from my fingers! I don't know whether people ever get sick from handling the old-style traps, but certainly a curious pet might. And the sight of a dead mouse in a trap is unpleasant!On the other hand, can you be sure you've caught a mouse without seeing it?I would feel better about these traps if they were biodegradable or at least made from recycled material. They contain a lot of plastic and that seems wasteful. There's a style of plastic trap that catches the mouse without injuring him and those contain a little less plastic and are supposed to be reusable; however, I don't think I caught a mouse when I tried to reuse them. Apparently mice can smell that a frightened mouse was imprisoned in the box.  By the way, those live traps seem less humane when you realize you have to release the frightened creature outside and it's bitter cold or snowy out there!Back to the product in question, it's expensive compared to the old fashioned traps. Also, the instructions for use are limited to diagrams on the box, and I had to puzzle over them for a while in order to figure out where to put the bait. I think written instructions should be included along with the pictures.
When we first got these, I was shocked at how wasteful they were. In fact, my husband continually ranted about how un-green these traps are.  If you happen to get one mouse caught in a trap, you have to throw away the whole thing- so now they expect us to buy little mouse coffins out of fear of contamination?Then we discovered the mice in the attic.  They are still having a party, leaving their mini tootsie roll trails while our remaining trap sits as a mouse hotel, shouting, \"Come on in, rest your feet and have some peanut butter!\"And by the way, if you happen to knock a set trap or drop it by accident, it trips the trap and then one of your lovely little mouse coffin goes empty to the dump.  You can not reset.These traps are a waste.  They might isolate an occasional mouse from being seen or touched when dead, but what good is that if the rest of the mice run free and destroy the house while feasting at their peanut butter hotels?  That hardly sounds sanitary!
These traps are very easy to set, but the written instructions about baiting it are misleading.  According to the instructions, you just have to open the little plug and put in some sort of bait.  I sprinkled some cheese in there, and closed it up.  Later, I watched the product video here on amazon, where it explicitly says to put peanut butter ON the plug, then twist it back on to the trap.  My end result was one trap with sprinkled cheese, and one with peanut butter as per the video instructions.Setting the trap is pretty easy.  Set it where you want it, then press the red lever down until it clicks.  The problem, however, is that you can't reset the trap if it ever trips without a mouse inside.  Within a week, both my traps had sprung shut as if they'd caught a mouse, but both were empty, and I was left with two useless mouse traps.  The 99 cent classic mousetraps like you;d find in a grocery store may be messy, but at least you can reset it if it ever goes off without a mouse in it.The ease-of-use and cleanliness of this product would make it deserve 5 stars, if the written instructions were more clear about baiting the trap, and if the trap could be reset if it falsely springs closed.  However, I'm giving this product 3 stars because they tripped themselves and became useless.
There is a disease related to mouse droppings called Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome, it kills one in three people that get the illness and is transmitted by breathing the dust from mouse droppings.  Which makes me very wary of mice infecting my house or around anywhere.  I killed off some in the house a few years ago with a special trap, but this might work better as the mise are sealed away, so I have no contact with them at all.The traps were easy to set, but had to be baited, I used peanut butter, I found that works better than cheese anyday.  I got one mouse so far, and maybe thats the only one because there is no action in the last couple weeks around the second trap in my garage, but at least I got the one who probably left the droppings.  Downside is not really good for a lot of mice, and you do have to bait, but I can live with that.
I've used the no-see-um disposable traps before (DCon and Tomcat). While they seemed wasteful and expensive, they were both quick and effective. This thing, on the other hand, is worse than useless.It's just getting cold here and I live in the country, so mice are starting to venture in for the winter. Typically we see some mouse activity just when it cools off, then set out a bunch of traps, and they're either all killed off or find a more hospitable home for the winter. I've had both traps out for 2 weeks and not a mouse in them. Last night, I saw a mouse on the loose. When I checked my traps, there was mouse poop INSIDE one of them, and a smear of stolen peanut butter on the inside near the door of the other! With the design of the thing and the way you bait it, the only way to get peanut butter there is for someone to go inside and leave with it!The D-Con No View, No Touch Mouse Trap much better. It doesn't seal in the mouse with all its perilous mouse cooties (but then, neither does this one), but it's an effective no-see, no touch disposable traps.Two no-touch reusables that work well are d-CON 00027 Ultra Set Covered Mouse Trap and Victor M252 Electronic Mouse Trap.
Being a marketing professional myself, I believe this product is pure genius.  I would enjoy the opportunity to advertise it, promote it, and create buzz about it.  What is worse than a dead mouse in a mouse trap?  NOT MUCH!  This trap eliminates everything bad about such a situation, though I would still guess that hubby is the one who gets to pick up the trap and dispose of it.  Even so, the sight of the dead mouse is eliminated, as is the fear that nasties from the trap will escape and attack whoever gets near the trap.  Then there is always the chance that the mouse could come back to life, like the zombies in The Night of the Living Dead.  The only thing worse than a dead mouse is a dead mouse walking like a zombie and determined to terrorize anybody and everybody.  OH, somebody just pick up that Kill & Seal Mouse Trap and throw it away!  Out of sight.  Out of mind.  Thank heavens.
Effective (when used properly), Expensive (per mouse catch is high), and Environmentally unfriendly (a lot of plastic to catch one mouse), describes these Victor mouse traps.They are effective when used properly. The design is very similar to professional bait stations with the addition of a spring loaded killing bar. When placed properly along the path mice travel, natural curiosity leads the mouse into the small opening. Once inside they find bait after making a u-turn. The bait is located just beyond the trip lever for the killing bar. When the bar is tripped, the entry door snaps shut and the red cocking lever rises to show that there is mail in the box.These traps are as effective as any other trap. They must be placed where mice normally travel, against walls, or near corners. Sitting in the middle of a room, no trap will ever work. Peanut butter is the best bait that is easy to find. It takes a very small dab in the bait holder.These are very expensive traps. If you are squeamish about seeing a dead mouse, then there are not too many choices (and these are cheap at ten times the price). These are a lot less expensive than an exterminator. If you don't mind seeing a dead mouse, a much better choice is the battery operated units (Victor M2524 Electronic Mouse Trap). Spring loaded snap traps are super cheap, but can be a bit messy.There is nothing environmentally friendly about these traps. The construction is almost all plastic, and there is a lot of plastic in these. There is no way to recycle the plastic since there will be a dead mouse inside the unit. The other trapping alternatives are much greener. The electronic unit is essentially reusable indefinitely. The snap traps can be reused, or in the case of a single use, the units are usually wood and metal.For the squeamish, these are excellent traps.
Emerson is quoted as saying, \"Build a better mousetrap, and the world will beat a path to your door.\"If Emerson had been an economist instead of a poet, he might have added an asterisk to the end of that statement and stipulated that this \"better mousetrap\" must be practical.  Stunning the mice with nuggets of gold and a slingshot might be effective, but too expensive to be practical.  Killing mice with a-bombs would be extremely effective, but still impractical.So what about the Victor M265 Mouse Trap?Well, it's comparably cheaper than nuggets of gold and far less collateral damage than an a-bomb, but it still has some problems.First you have to ask yourself, \"how much do I hate mice?\"  If your answer is, \"about $4 apiece\", then you're OK.Next ask yourself, \"how green am I?\"  If your answer is, \"who cares--my house is infested with mice!!!\", then you're still OK.But if you think $4/mouse is too steep and if you're uncomfortable using this much consumer plastic one time and then throwing it away, then you'll want to consider another option.Having said all that, the Victor M265 is effective and tidy.  Stick a little bait inside (my mice like the crust trimmed off their PB&J;) and set it out where the mice like to party.  Check back tomorrow and you've got yourself a mouse.  Toss the whole gizmo in the garbage and don't give it another thought.  Remember, the mouse corpse inside means you can't dispose of the used trap in the recycling...not that I've tried.
My cat has caught two mice outside over the past month or so, so I decided to give these a try.  They just arrived a few days ago.  They were simple to bait and arm.  I put them out not expecting much.  Well we've already had our first mouse.The \"clean\" part seems to be pretty accurate.  There were no odors at all.  I even put the package through the paces a bit by tossing it and kicking around (I wanted to see what would happen if my kids found it before I did) and it stayed sealed.The only down side I can see is that anyone with a major infestation is going to need a lot of these traps, but at that point you should probably be calling in a pro.  If you just have a mouse or two setting up shop from time to time and you want to stop them before they get out of control this seems like a good solution.
With the onset of cooler weather this September the mouse population in our kitchen, dining and living rooms and upstairs bedrooms spiked.  OurVictor M252 Electronic Mouse Trapseems to have stopped working and we put out bait packsOrtho 0320610 Home Defense Max No Touch Bait Paste Pack - 12 Packwhich seemed to cut down on the number of mouse sightings.  Since we had both theD-Con No View, No Touch Mouse Trapand the Victor traps on hand we put out one of each out  to see which would be the first to kill a mouse.  This Victor trap made the  first kill and is a reasonable choice if you want a no-touch one time use trap.  We have had little success over the last several years with traditional reusable traps and feel we are getting better mouse control with the combination of these no-touch traps and the bait packs.
We've been having more of a problem with mice this winter than previously and have tried several mousetraps.  Both living and fatal traps.  This is the best of the fatal traps.  Easy to set.  Easy to clean up.  Within minutes of setting these traps they went off, captured and killed the pest, and made it very easy to dispose of.Also with several dogs in the house, we no longer had to worry about injured paws or a snapped nose.
I had the perfect testing ground for these traps, a rural home with a fall invasion of field mice. The contenders; Tomcat glue traps - a low tray filled with a sticky material that trap the mice when they walk on it, Kness Snap-E mouse trap; snap type traps that catch the mouse under a metal bar, the Victor Kill & Seal traps and a low tech trap involving a 5 gallon bucket with a wood board leaning up against the side and baited with peanut butter. You put a few inches of water in the bucket if you don't want to catch and release.I moved the different traps around in areas where there had been mouse activity so there would be no placement bias in the testing.The K&S; traps have very small openings for the mouse entry (11/16 by 11/16) and the bait plug (7/16 inch. You bait these traps by unscrewing a very small plug and putting some bait on it, I used peanut butter, and screwing it back in. It holds about 1/4 tsp of peanut butter. You move a lever to set the trap and it can only be set once so when I accidentally dropped one K&S; trap it triggered and it was no longer usable.  Of all the traps I set up the Kill& Seal was the only one that did not catch any mice. The last time I checked the one remaining trap the bait was gone and there was something rattling around in there that looked like a mouse poop.Bottom line:The bucket trap caught the most mice (5)The Tomcat glue traps were the second most consistently effective (4 mice)Close behind the Snap-E mouse traps (3 mice)The Victor Kill & Seal, no mice at all.
I have yet to catch a mouse with these. While the idea of not having to even get remotely close to touching a mouse is a great idea these traps are not. Made in china is a big turn off and all the extra plastic going into the landfills are a turn off too. The mice have to be very small to even fit into these traps. The mechanism on some of them is too tough to set off, the one wouldn't set off unless I dropped it 2 feet or more?? Maybe mighty mouse needs to set that one off? :)
Can't even get the plastic screw on top to work to open it so you can get the peanut butter on it for bait. The instructions are terrible, just on the side of the box with pictures that don't help at all. If you can't get that little plastic screw piece on top open so you can remove it,then the trap is worthless. I even tried pliers, & yes, I was turning it the right way, it shows to turn it counter clock wise & after many tries I decided to try to turn it the other way too, still can't get that plug out to bait it. What a waste of money & it's way over priced to begin with for something that can only be used once. I would never buy this product.I also pushed on the little red trap door that the mice are suppose to go in, well, they'd better have been lifting weights because you have to push pretty hard to get it so they could get in & they'd better be very tiny mice as the hole is about the size of a nickel. As far as it trapping other secretions,we all live with those in our homes whether we see it, smell it or taste it anyhow & as far as I know, unless you have a herd of mice, it doesn't make you sick. If you get sick it's because you don't clean your home, clean your carpets annually when you have pets, wash the floors once a week. There are more germs spread by just flushing your toilet with the top up than any other item in your home puts in the air. I'm extremely disappointed in this product.
I've been having a problem with one mouse in my basement. I put both of these traps out, and the only thing that is happening, is the mouse eats the peanut butter. Neither one has caught the mouse yet. It's been over 3 weeks now, and still no luck. I may try another method.
Our home is in an area with large lots close to highways so mice are an issue some years.Since we have pets, we won't use regular snap traps inside.  The glue traps work well, but leave you with the horrible job of killing the mouse that gets stuck to it.We haven't had a problem for a couple of years now, but when we did, it was a horrible job to deal with mice on glue traps.  This innovative, yet simple product is a great solution.A trap that kills and seals the content and allows you to dispose of the entire mess without exposure.
Who was it who said you can't invent a better mouse trap... well, it looks like someone did just that.  This mouse trap is easy to load and bait and you can put it out of site/out of mind.  We have an RV and every year we find that a mouse decides to set up winter inside the parked vehicle.  These guys can cause a lot of damage in a very short period of time.  Every fall I start in with the mouse traps trying to get the mice before they get to set up their happy winter home.  Every year this task becomes a nightmare as the mice will take the bait, set off the trap and be on their way... I just can't seem to get them with the regular mouse traps.  I decided to give the kill and seal system a chance and it worked right away.  I have set a second set just in case, but it only took one night to catch the problems I had been trying to catch.  This trap is very efficient and very hygenic.  And best of all, it works great.
Not to reiterate what everyone else has said, we've used the old Victor wood & spring traps for 35 years-- effective, inexpensive, reliable.  These are expensive, use too much plastic, are too small for some of the rodents we catch, are difficult to use for my husband with his big hands, and are not reliable at trapping mice!Don't bother with this one.  Good idea, but bad reality.
We live in a country area, surrounded by woods, nearest house 1/2 mile away.  Our goal is to keep mice out of the house, we keep 4-5 traps in the garage where it is impossible to keep them out, but we want to trap them there.We use Victor Quick Set traps where you do see the mouse.  The Victor Kill and Seal does work fine but at about $4.50 each for one use is way, way too expensive if you catch 3-4-5 mice a week.  I'd be spending $500-$750 a year on mouse traps.  One reason I believe they are so expensive is they are overbuilt, the plastic is very thick, as thick as a resuable trap plus all the opening built in.These would be good indoor traps where you don't want blood, etc. on the ground and catch one or two mice over a long period.  Finally a personal bias, wondering how valid all the claims are about protecting you from some disease or other that so many products now claim.  Again personal bias, but while I know mice are dirty common sense, such as don't pick them up bare handed, would seem to suffice.
We are really careful about not giving mice an opportunity to get in our house, so I was shocked when I saw a mouse a few weeks ago.  I knew I didn't want to see (much less touch) a dead mouse in a conventional trap, and I didn't want a dead mouse moldering away in the house, whereabouts unknown, after it consumed poison.  So I went out and boughtD-Con's No-View Mouse & Rat Trap.  I put one where I saw the mouse running to (behind some shelves), and I put the other where I saw the mouse running from (bedroom closet . . . ick!).  I read somewhere that if you don't catch a mouse within 48 hours, you should move the trap, but I must admit, I got lazy and complacent (with no further sightings or mousey evidence, I started telling myself, \"Maybe I didn't really see a mouse after all\"), and I never moved the traps around.Then I saw these Kill & Seal Mouse Traps by Victor and decided to try them.  My first impression, as many others have also said, is that the opening is way too small.  I know mice can squeeze themselves through very small openings, but why make it harder for them?  Or why limit your trap to catching only the smallest mice?  If the D-Con traps (also with a surprisingly small, yet much bigger than Victor's, opening) didn't catch a mouse, I was fairly certain this thing wouldn't.On the recommendation of my husband (he grew up on a farm in Kansas, so he knows a thing or two about mice!), we put the trap behind the drawer below our oven (just slide the drawer all the way out and put the trap at the back . . . there's room).  My son volunteered to be on trap duty, so he checked it every day at first, but then he got complacent, too, and didn't check it for a few days.  But then the next time he checked (about ten days after placement), we were all shocked when he found the trap door closed.  We couldn't believe a mouse was actually in there!  He tried shaking it, and he thought he could feel something shifting around, but he wasn't sure.  Then he got the other trap (placed near the pantry) for comparison, and sure enough, it was significantly lighter.  Still wanting to be absolutely certain, he unscrewed the bait cap and peered in.  With a bit of twisting around, he finally saw the mouse (kind of defeats the purpose of getting a \"no view\" trap, though, doesn't it?).  So yes, this thing works!  (In all fairness to the D-Con traps, they might have been successful, too, in the same location.)A bit disturbingly (and I know PETA is going to comment about this), I think we heard when the trap caught the mouse, a couple of days before.  My son heard a mouse squeaking several times late one night.  He didn't know where it was coming from, and we didn't put the two together at the time, but now we think maybe the mouse didn't die instantly.  We can't be certain of this, but since others have said that this trap didn't kill their mice right away, I would encourage Victor to make sure their traps are a swift and certain kill (and maybe enlarge that opening just a bit?).But the bottom line is that this Victor trap did catch, kill, and cleanly contain a mouse.
This item is difficut to evaluate because there are several different aspects to consider. From a purely mouse catching and disposal standpoint this is an A+ concept, worthy of five stars. You don't have to view the mouse execution and you don't have to see or handle the mouse at all.The cost can be very high. The average female house mouse has between 5 and 10 litters in a single year. Each litter has around 5 or 6 young. Do the math and you will see that most likely you will have to dig very deeply into your money bag. Chances of there being a single mouse in your house are as good as chances of Margaret Cho winning DWTS.Another consideration is the fact that this China made product is plastic and an undesirable addition to our already overcrowded landfills. That is not worthy of any stars.A compromise of 3 stars is based on the above reasoning.
...it kills mice at an extremely slow pace.We had an invasion of mice after a neighbor's shed was remodeled last summer (yikes! Why were they all in there?). Anyway, I tried out this style, the glue traps and the old-fashioned traditional traps. This came in a 2-pack and 1 eventually killed a mouse after the other style of traps and the glue traps took out what seemed to be a platoon of the things. I was pleased that I could just toss it away and not have to mess with the little mouse corpse or clean up anything.The second trap disappeared one day. Maybe our Jack Russel Terrier ran off and chewed it up (she seems to love to consume plastic - plastic with a mouse as filling might appeal to her as well) or maybe a really big mouse walked off with it. Either way, it sat out for months and every once in a while I'd pick it up and find that the bait was gone and the trap did not fire off.
This is a great mouse trap because it is totally enclosed and you never have to see or deal with a dead mouse. You just pick up the trap and throw the whole thing away. I normally try to recycle but I am ok with not having to see/smell a dead mouse. This trap is easy to set and use.
This item has pros and cons.Pro: You don't have to see the mouse after it has been caught/killed, it is easy to set without pinching your fingers, it is easy to bait, it seems safe for use around children and pets bigger than a mouse, it doesn't really look like a mousetrap, you can just pick it up and toss it in the trash after it has caught a mouse, it will contain the body fluids of a mouse that gets trapped in it.Cons: It is more expensive than a standard 'snap' trap, it can't be re-used, the access hole for the mouse is kind of small (we get some mice that are bigger than others), it may take a little while for the mouse to try and enter it -- as it may be kind of big and odd-smelling from their perspective.It is good that it is designed to use peanut butter -- mice LOVE that stuff and can probably smell it a good ways away.
Unless you are a sick freak, you probably don't enjoy killing cute little mice. But they are annoying. They get into your food, they are unsanitary, and they are pretty much an unwelcome guest in any urban dwelling. Traditional mouse traps work most of the time, but you still have to touch the mouse most of the time, even if just by accident while disposing of it. Glue traps are just cruel. The poor mouse is trapped alive and spends the rest of its pathetic life trying to break free until it dies from exhaustion.These traps are similar to a traditional trap except the bait is located inside a compartment. There is a little door that opens when you set the trap, and the sweet smell of the bait invites the unwanted rodent to come and dine (if only for one last meal) in the attractive futuristic looking mouse hotel. Once the mouse enters and turns a corner to eat the bait, the metal bar snaps and the mouse has been put out of service.It all seems so sad when you have to type it out like this. I am starting to feel bad. But you won't, because you can't see the mouse and he will be dead, lying peacefully in his plastic coffin. Disposal is sanitary, as the door the mouse entered in will close, locking in the foul smell of death.It took a while for this trap to work for me, but finally it happened. The disposal was quick and easy and now I am mouse free. And if another mouse decides to invade my castle... well these traps come in a 2 pack so I'm ready for him.
While this product is easy to use, it is really nothing more than a glorified standard mouse trap housed in a box. A couple of times the trap was sprung but no mouse inside which made it really useless. I've used other mouse traps that had a clear container which were more useful.Above all, I still recommend just using D-con over these types of traps.
I had my doubts with this trap.  When I received it, the instructions aren't all that great, but take a few minutes extra and you'll figure it out.I have occasional bouts with mice in my basement.  My cat normally alerts me to the problem when she starts staring at the freezer and tries to get behind it.  Not being able to use standard traps because of the cats, I generally used the trap & release ones, which actually work pretty good.  The only problem with those is that the mice are alive and the cats want to play with the trap.  Plus, if you don't get to it fast enough, there's enough urine that'll leak out.  Given the opportunity to try this trap, I jumped on it.  When I opened the package, I was doubtful of it's effectiveness.  The entrance is smaller than I would've expected, although most of us know that mice can squeeze thru the smallest of holes & cracks, bless their furry little souls.  I baited it with some peanut butter and a few crumbs.  After about 3 weeks (today) my cat tried to get behind the freezer.  I looked at the trap and sure enough, it was released.  Did I really catch a mouse?  I had to check, even though I was a bit scared to do so, but I moved the lever to set the trap, to open the entrance, and sure enough, I saw a mouse tail.  Whew, it was dead and didn't leap out at me like I had imagined.ONE IMPROVEMENT that should be made to this product would be a clear top, or a partial window so that I can verify my trap actually contains a dead mouse.Now I have a huge chunk of plastic with a dead mouse inside.  It kills me to have to toss this plastic into the trash instead of recycling it, although some might say to just do it.  Plenty of dead rodents end up in recycling bins, right?  Well, I just can't bring myself to do that.ANOTHER IMPROVEMENT could be using something that would break down in the landfills.  They make manure pots for plants that break down, and they're pretty darn sturdy; why not use this for these mousetraps?I rated this product 3 stars, and the breakdown is 5 stars because it worked, and 1 star for the price.I came back here today to order more, but after seeing the price, I'm going to have to find another way.If you have an occasional mouse problem, this would work for you; any more than occasional and it'll cost you.
The mouse trap was easy to set (add peanut butter and turn the handle). It does look like the mouse would be contained in, if captured. So far, no mice got caught, but we do not have them very often, and my other traps are all empty as well. I am so glad I will not have to deal with all the yuckiness if we do catch a mouse.
Anyone who has had mice in their homes or garage knows that spring traps don't always work.  Then there are the glue traps that are gross to handle.  This trap draws them inside and keeps them there.  You don't have to see the dead mice.  They aren't cheap, but if catching mice and disposing of them isn't your thing, then this IS a better mouse trap!
It took two of us to figure out how this rig works; without instructions, it was a total mystery. We finally figured out that a rodent is supposed to enter the door, round a corner to get peanut butter & trip the trap. A reasonable idea, we proceeded to bait & arm the trap, putting it in a known mouse area (I live in the country), along side a couple of regular traps. After 2 weeks, we've caught several mice in regular traps but this mouse trap is still armed --- never been tripped. Will it ever work? Who knows, but I'm not holding my breath. And even if it does, the price is prohibitive, in my opinion. Would I like something inexpensive & effective that would trap/kill mice such that I never had to see them? For sure ... but this unit doesn't seem to deliver the goods.
I found these traps to be less than effective.  And being that they are quite pricy it makes you feel that you aren't getting any sort of deal.I think the worst thing is having to check to see if they have stolen the peanut butter and finding they have.  You try again and still no luck.  It seems very hit or miss.If they were to redesign this product and make it 80-90% effective then I think it might be worth the price because I do like the concept of this kind of trap over the wire ones.
This is a good product. They did just what they were made for. Catching mice! Within two days I caught two pesky rodents that were hanging around the side of my house. I love most animals but not fond of vermin such as mice, rats, and cockroaches.
I've tried several of the various mouse control methods.The standard wooden mouse traps are cheap and effective.  The downside is you often get a mess to deal with.  Blood can spatter on the trap and surrounding areas.  You must handle the dead mouse and the bloody trap.  Also, the trap can trigger unexpectedly while you are setting it, which hurts like heck or can even cause you to lose your finger nail or possible break your finger if you are not careful.  If you have young children or pets, wooden traps are not safe.  Nonetheless, they work and they are the cheapest way to catch and kill a mouse.Glue traps claim to be humane.  They are not.  You end up with a live mouse stuck to a piece of plastic by a thick gummy glue.  The mouse squirms and may even try to gnaw its own leg off to get free.  NOT HUMANE and NOT a pretty site.  Plus, you must dispose of the trap with the still alive mouse attached.  This is the absolute WORST method.Poisons are a bad solution too.  If you are lucky, the mouse dies a terrible death outside your home.  If you are not so lucky, the mouse dies inside a wall and stinks up your house for a month or more while the carcass decomposes.  Again, not safe around pets.Electric traps are very expensive but reusable.  I haven't tried one so I can't comment on those.Enter the Victor M265 Kill & Seal Mouse Trap.  Your remove a small plastic cover and coat it with peanut butter.  Replace the cover and turn the dial to set the trap.  This opens the door to the trap and it is ready to go.  Place it in the desired location and you are ready.  When the trap triggers, the door closes sealing the mouse inside.  Just toss it in the trash.  If it triggers while you are setting it, you won't get hurt, you just reset it.  No mess, no danger and pet safe (unless you have a pet gerbil).Yes, it is more expensive than the wooden mouse trap and no more effective.  This is also a single use trap and it will cost you about five bucks to catch a single mouse.  But if you hate handling dead creatures, have small children or pet who could be hurt by a wooden trap or you are just afraid of mice, this is the perfect solution.
I was rather surprised when I received these mouse traps. They seem to be built stronger than needed for their purpose, with a fairly thick plastic housing.I don't understand why the entrance hole for the mouse was is so small. While a mouse can squeeze through some pretty tight spaces, the size of the hole would only allow adolescent mice under a month old to get through. Mice can live for about 2 years, and this trap prevents adult mice from entering.I know I have mice at my place, but none have been caught in a month's use of these traps. Perhaps they're too big? I've had better luck with glue traps and have never had an issue with blood or parasites leaching out - is that even a real problem or something conjured up in order to sell this product?
I bought this mouse trap because it was advertised to seal the dead mouse inside. I wanted to try it out but when I opened the box I was dismayed to see how small the entry is. It's literally 1 inch X 1 inch. Only baby mice can get in. For that reason, I have not used it yet. I just can't believe large mice can get in. So this review is just to let people know, unless you have a tiny mouse problem, don't think about getting this trap.2 month update: Well, I've actually now used this trap and apparently some mice are that small. I baited it with peanut butter and placed it where I knew mice were and it was sprung the next day. My caveat stands however, that the entry hole is only about 1\" X 1\", just to let you know. But it works.
I've had a pair of these traps for awhile, and finally decided to see if they would catch some small mice and voles that are making a mess outside my back porch (the voles make tunnels under the snow, I'm in Wisconsin) damaging the lawn.The packaging is way overkill (pardon the pun) and not very \"green friendly\".  The cardboard box packaging is nice, but it does not need to be this heavy of cardboard, a waste.  The traps are 99 percent plastic, with a rubber gasket on the bait plug so that nothing seeps out after the kill.  I like all of that, but the plastic trap is strong enough that I could step on it and not damage it.  I suppose some people would like that, but this is way too much plastic for the need. So, you are paying for mostly packaging when you get these.My biggest complaint is there are no instructions for what to use for bait.  I found the bait plug, and the box says to put the bait in there, but what bait?  I thought maybe there was a small package of poison pellets in the box that I was suppose to pour into the hole when I removed the plug, but there was no bait in the package.  Hm, I then searched online and I found that you use peanut butter - just put some on the plug, and insert the plug back and tighten it.  OK, Amazon's description of this product says that too.  But WHY would they not put that in the instructions on the box.Do they work?  Yep!So 1 star off the rating for too much cost and waste in the packaging and product, and 1 star off for poor instructions, but they do work.  The hole for the mouse to get into this thing looks small, but that's what mice do - they get into small places.Good luck with your critters, and if you don't want them around, this should do the trick for you.
I ordered a set of these just recently for I had heard the tell tale sounds of mice crawling around in my attic last week sometime.  I have some of the old time mouse traps around, but figured I would give these a try.  Personally I am not at all squeamish about picking up the old mouse traps after its nailed one of the little varmints and just releasing it into the trash or outside.  But since I have always been an admitted follower as to the old pursuit of building a better mouse trap, I looked forward to trying these new space age models.I will admit I was quite impressed with 
The two main types of mousetrap are sticky pads and spring traps. The Victor M265 is a type of spring trap. What makes it special is that when a mouse is caught, the trap seals in the smell and other yucky stuff. This makes it particularly useful in places where you might not notice right away that a rodent was caught, like behind an appliance.The trap is easy to bait and set, and it is easy to see if it is sprung. Safe for small children and pets since there is no way for them to stick little fingers or paws into the mechanism.The main disadvantage is price. Sticky pads work just as well, but are not for the squeamish.
For anyone who has field mice that occasionally enter the house, particularly when seasons change and cold weather sets in, this is a very clever, if over-packaged and expensive, product. If this were half the price, I would give it 5 stars, but for a one-use product, the price is high. Also, if you don't stuff enough peanut butter in the opening, mice somehow know how to get the treat and escape. Still, other traps do the job, for sure, but the squeamish among us (yes, that would be me) are never thrilled when they work. There's the body to dispose of, for one. If you use old-fashioned snap traps, there's the risk of maiming and dismemberment setting the thing, and then re-setting it if you are thrifty. Ugh. The glue traps are effective but horrifying, and certainly are meant for a single use. If you have other animals in the house, the glue traps are problematic in another way -- our cat ran around with one stuck to her fur one day. Ugh again. The Kill & Seal does away with all that mess and disgust --and, as they say, it prevents the spread of disease and parasites. Set the trap with peanut butter, leave it where you think the critters enter your house, and check on it once in a while. If you find it \"full,\" throw the whole thing away. Just be aware that a significant segment of the mouse population is smarter than the Victor inventors, so you might find the trap snapped but empty more than once. When that happens, substitute Nutella, and use more! I would not recommend this device for a significant mouse invasion -- way too expensive. Use poison. One thing I learned from a family member (who lives elsewhere...) about getting rid of lots of mice -- you need to call an exterminator. And, if you have pets, do not leave pet food out -- the mice will eat it, and the exterminator told my brother there is some ingredient in pet food, particularly cat food, that provides a kind of immunity to mice that helps them resist the effect of the poison. Happy hunting with the Victor M265 Kill & Seal. Don't you love that name? Enjoy the diagram on the back of the box, too.
These traps are basically trash. They're difficult to set, can't catch a mouse in an infested house, and are triggered by a bump really easily -- and can't be reset once triggered.My boyfriend left a milk crate of food on his kitchen floor. The mice found it. For weeks they ate and played, leaving their treats all over the kitchen. He caught something like a dozen of them using traditional traps before I got these and persuaded him to try them out. Nothing. Nothing. NO DEAD MICE for 2 weeks. He tried to move one of the traps, it tripped, and was then completely useless. He finally gave up on these, and put the regular traps out again. Lo and behold, a mouse a day!I have to admit, my initial reaction to these was that they were kind of ridiculous, but I'm way less germophobic than your average American, so I was prepared to give them a \"well, if you'd rather throw away a silly amount of plastic than see a dead mouse, I guess they're okay\" kind of review. But given that they don't work, I don't even have to touch on how wasteful they are in order to issue a resoundingly negative review.I mean, seriously, there were so many mice in that house that I think I might have had better luck with my bare hands than with these traps. I didn't try that, though, because that is too gross, even for me.
These traps have been featured prominently in several commercials but I received mine before all the hype started. This trap is clearly designed to take the \"Yuck!\" factor out of the old-fashioned mouse traps. You are NOT supposed to:1. See the mouse, a good thing for the squeamish. I understand this.After a very unpleasant night when a mouse got caught in one of the older traps but didn't instantly die (the trap caught it by the body and not the head), I vowed never to use those traps again.2. It is supposed to be relatively germ-free and doesn't release a host of fleas to feed on humans (once a mouse is dead, fleas don't hang around that mouse long).  The dead mouse and fleas supposedly stay in the trap. I'm SURE the mouse does. I'm not so sure about those fleas.This item does have some SIGNIFICANT limitations. First, I did not find the instructions on the box to be intuitive or user friendly. Thank goodness Amazon had a video demonstrating how to bait, set and place the trap, allowing me to bait it correctly.To load this trap, you have to turn a lock on the top of the track, put peanut butter on the base of the lock or use a small stick or other item to add the bait to the trap. Next, put the trap in your desired location and push down on the red handle to make sure the spring sets and is ready to kill the mouse.This is when I ran into some issues. The door where the mouse is supposed to enter is very small and does effectively capture very small mice (although larger mice are reputably able to squeeze through very small holes). However, the mice in our area are considerably larger than the entrance hole in these traps and the trap only caught the smaller mice. We still had to use other traps for the far more numerous larger mice.Having noted that, the Kill and Seal trap does all it claims to do - IF it catches a mouse. More fleas and ticks (often found on mice) are kept inside the trap. The risk of getting sick from the Hanta virus or Lyme disease is lessened. You don't have to actually see the dead mouse. There is no blood or other waste to clean up. Children and pets won't accidentally get hurt by the trap and you don't have to face crying children who want to know why you killed that \"cute mouse.\"The downside? There isn't any information about being able to use these traps repeatedly so they aren't as inexpensive as other traps. If you want the peace of mind from having a more hygenic mouse trap cost the price may be worth it. At this point, I've found that the trap doesn't handle larger mice - as noted above. If you lean towards eco-friendly products, these don't meet the requirements for recycling (not with the remains of dead mice inside).Overall, I don't find this the ideal mousetrap but when a mouse is caught, there is no question that fleas and ticks are also contained in the trap, not released into the air. I was very surprised by the small size of the entrance door for this trap. Consider the size of mice in your area before purchasing this. Yes, mice can squeeze into small spaces but our experience revealed some limitations when it came to this aspect of the trap.
If you have pets, small children, or low tolerance for gore, this is precisely what you're looking for if your mouse problem is small.The Kill & Seal traps are surprisingly well built, and the thoughtfulness of the design is really impressive. For instance, the entry path for mice is large enough to fit a finger in, but segregated from the trap mechanism. The trap itself is sealed well enough to keep even the... uh... juiciest... mouse from making a mess. And setting the trap couldn't be easier: push the lever down.One thing that did strike me though, was the sheer amount of plastic that goes in to one of these traps. I'm not a huge environmentalist, but at the same time, I'd probably feel bad about using these traps for a mouse problem more substantial than one or two a year. If I was catching mice regularly but still had health and safety concerns that made traditional traps unacceptable, I'd opt for something like theVictor M260 Multi-Kill Electronic Mouse Trap.
I've had this trap set for about a month now, and I have seen no evidence that any mouse has gone near it. And yes, we have had at least one mouse this season.In my opinion, the opening for the mouse to enter is too small, and the bait is set too far into the trap to be really attractive.In the past, I have used traps similar in style to this one:Kness Tip-Trap 109-0-001 Live-Capture Mouse Trap, which did work, and even though it leaves you with dealing with the captured mouse, it is reusable.This kill-and-seal trap, if it would ever work, is one use only, which makes it pretty expensive. But if it doesn't work at all, it's worthless.
Easy to use, no mess, took care of the mice. Remeber there is never one, so it will take several, I just put them out until I got an empty trap.
I still haven't caught a mouse with this but I suspect it will be soon as the weather gets colder, driving the mice indoors.  I had my dad set this up and he couldn't figure out how to work it from the vague instructions on the box.  He had to go to the website to look up how to use it.  Once you know what to do, though, it's very easy to set up.If a person had many mice to catch they'd go broke.  It's wasteful and bad for the environment to buy a single use, expensive trap like this.  But if you only have one or two mice or you're a woman who never wants to see or touch a  mouse, this might be just the thing you need.
It is hard to give a complete review, because I have not caught a mouse yet. Here's the story. I noticed evidence of a mouse. I put out the 4 kinds of traps I had on hand. Right away I caught one, but in the mean time I was given the opportunity to review this mouse trap. So I set these traps out with the others. Now I have no evidence of a mouse and I have not caught another mouse in any of the traps. If you are a person like me who only has a mouse every couple years and you are squeamish, you may like to have some of these on hand.
These are easy to set up and use. No live catches yet, so I cannot attest to how well they work. I think this would be a much better product if it was reusable. This will not be cost effective. Why not just use a sticky pad and then wrap the carcass in a plastic bag? It would be a lot cheaper and still non-toxic/safe.
We bought a house over a year ago and last winter I had the hubby lay out glue traps all over the basement (just in case).  Well, they sat there for a year collecting these hideous spider crickets and dust.  Lazy as we are, we've just left them down there for a year until a week ago I happened to glance at one and there was a dead mouse on it!  EEEEEEKKKK!  I flew up the stairs so quickly and screamed for my husband to get rid of it.  We got these Kill & Seal traps, baited them with peanut butter and put them in the basement.It was a very simple procedure, just put a tiny bit of peanut butter on the cap and screw it in.  You arm the trap by pulling down the plastic lever which simultaneously opens the door to the trap and sets the spring snap.  The mouse goes in and around the corner to the bait and when the spring snaps it dead, the door closes also.  We caught a mouse within 24 hours of putting the trap down.When my husband brought it upstairs, we weren't sure if there was really a mouse in it since the mouse had gone around the corner.  He shook it around a little bit and opened the door again and I could spot a little foot.  Then I did another little freak out action.For the truly squeamish, I think that no amount of money is too much to spare to prevent viewing and the need to handle vermin.  The trap is also good for protecting my kids' fingers and pets from getting snapped.  Finally, the big bonus is for when you've been lazy about checking the traps.  Other stories about decomposing mouse bodies rotting and releasing fluids and blood.........yuck.  Here, you have a door that seals shut and it's closed in.Mice can squeeze through holes only a 1/4 inch thick, so I think the opening is plenty large for a mouse who is determined to get to the food.  If the trap is not catching anything, consider moving it to a different location against the wall, spreading a little freebie bait near the door to lure the mouse in, and/or checking to see if you don't have other easily accessible food sources available to the mice.Update (11/7):We caught a total of 2 mice since the time we put out traps.  The first one was with this Victor Kill & Seal Mouse Trap.  The other Victor Kill & Seal Mouse Trap actually had its bait removed but the mouse must not have triggered the spring!  Lucky mouse!  The second mouse we caught with theVictor Electronic Mouse Trap.  Both were trapped from the first 3 days of putting out the traps.  It's been a month and we haven't caught any more mice (even the peanut butter that we put at the entrance of the traps as \"appetizers\" have been unmolested) which shows that our immediate results weren't a fluke and weren't a result of a complete infestation of mice.  Very happy to have the product.  As far as the trap that didn't spring, someone pointed out, rightly so, that even the cheapie traps don't always spring.  So that mouse gets lucky and lives to see another day, but you'll catch him next time.  If you are uncomfortable with that, try the electronic mouse trap which has a lower rate of escapee mice.If you found this review helpful, please let me know.
Victor Kill & Seal Mouse Trap is easy to use, and mess free.  I put this in my garage to trap field mice that were living there. The only issue I had with this trap is that the manufacturer doesn't suggest what type of bait to put in the trap.  The instructions only tell you to put the bait in the trap.  I had no idea what to use so I put a little bit of cracker and peanut butter in there.  The mouse liked it.  The trap worked just fine.  Another plus is that you don't see or smell the dead mouse.
I live in the country - and therefore have to deal with mice constantly.  This is a very complicated product designed to solve a problem for which there are much simpler solutions. I had trouble even understanding how the product works -but essentially you load some bait (I used peanut butter) into a large plastic labrinth.  Only very small mice can enter the tiny entry hole.  The promise is that it is a very clean way to kill the pests - but the problem is that you buy a huge trap to use once, and it will only work on tiny mice.Update two days later:  to the product's credit - it did catch a mouse - and it was very easy to dispose of.  But the fact that I could only use it once seems a waste.
Save your money.  For me this \"better mousetrap\" was not better.  Knowing that mice come into my home in the Fall, to get away from the cold, I set out a conventional wooden-based Victor M038 spring trap.  Amazon sells a 4-pack of them for $5.84.  Less than 15 inches away, I set one of these comparatively expensive M265 traps with exactly the same bait.  After two weeks, I caught zero mice with this trap and five mice with the \"old-fashioned\" trap.  No matter how sanitary or convenient the Kill & Seal mouse trap is advertised to be, mine didn't catch any mice.Aside from the fact that my Kill & Seal trap didn't catch any mice the cost differential doesn't make any sense even if it had worked.  These traps are designed to be discarded after a single use.  Victor's wooden based spring traps, which already cost far less, can be easily emptied, washed and re-used repeatedly.Removing a dead mouse from a conventional trap may make some people cringe, but at least you know that the critter will no longer be invading your space.  Our daily newspapers come in long plastic bags that are perfect for disposing of mice.  I just slip the wooden trap inside one of those bags.  While handling the trap through the plastic bag as if the bag were a glove, I then release the mouse into the bag, lift out the trap, tie the top of the bag and discard the bagged mouse in my outdoor garbage container.  After washing the trap with anti-bacterial dish detergent, it's clean and ready to use again.
If price doesn't matter you might buy these mouse traps and be satisfied however I find them way too expensive, not that effective and environmentally not very sensible. The plastic can not be recycled because there is a dead mouse inside and the trap can not be reused. I have some old fashion VICTOR wood mouse traps that I have continued to use and reuse over the years. Occasionally I will toss out the old fashioned trap mouse and all but usually I remove the mouse (covering my hands with an old plastic bag) and reuse the trap. I have a large number of mice living in the stone walls in my garden and they would sometimes get inside via a ground level basement door. Sealing the door with tape and the shrink plastic that is used for windows has stopped mice from getting in the house which is better than having to catch them.I never caught a mouse with these traps even though I thought I  saw droppings near the laundry tub. The trap is still there, rebaited every month or so and still empty and no more droppings- where did the mouse go?
I would like to start off by saying that I knew that these were one time use traps when I purchased them.  I was looking at my options, and wanted to see how they worked, so I purchased these in addition to a couple other types for comparison.  If these were reusable traps, I might like them better, but since they are single use traps, they are a little pricey per mouse for me.  I prefer to reset the trap and try to catch another mouse. I do believe they are a good trap, and look forward to catching a mouse to test them out, but since they are not reusable, I do not think I will purchase these again.
The traditional spring-loaded neck-breaker mouse trap is sometimes undesirable especially if children or small petsstumble across them.  Thus, this trap found a place in my home.  However, the baiting mechanism does need tobe modified.  I strung small lengths of wire loops from the plastic bait holder, manly to suspend more peanut butter from it.  Additionally, this modified bait holder enables the use of more odiferous attractants, such as tuna, or the ever-dependable cheese.The seemingly tiny entry port for the victims does not deter mice from entering the one-way trap.  The quarter-sized hole concerned me a bit, but the mice still blundered into it - if attracted by smelly baits.Without the modification to the baiting mechanism, this trap will try your patience.  I got the distinct impression that the mice had no idea what this contraption was supposed to attract them  I do understand the design features are attractive to the faint-of-heart, especially those who don't want to see a busted mouse in the Victor trap, but the key is to attract the vermin first.Regarding the cost of these sterile plastic boxes:  I had a choice.  Either risk a dachshund with a pinched honker or spend $4.00 a crack for the traps.  It was a very easy choice, although my warped sense of humor did relish the sight of a Victor trap hanging from his snout.Note added two years later:  The trap is a dud.  I caught one mouse probably bent on suicide; after that accidental death -  absolutely nothing.  Admittedly, the condo-like structure makes an ideal cockroach house.  Apparently California mice aren't too bright:  they don't recognize this plastic monstrosity as a mouse trap.
Inventing the better mousetrap.  We have all heard the phrase, but when it comes down to it, mousetraps have been around in the same form for decades.But Victor has gone and invented a \"better\" mousetrap, which still works in a similar fashion as the classic models, but this one will not leave your fingers bruised or broken by trying to perform the delicate balance of threading the little \"bar\" over the spring-loaded mechanism of death.The design uses a spring-mechanism with presumably simlar action as the classic mousetrap model, but enclosed in a nice plastic case, complete with a door that closes once the trap has sprung (keeps out odors, I'm assuming).  So this is sort of the \"Fisher Price\" solution for mouse traps.  Safe for kids and adults, plus it prevents pets from getting snapped (a HUGE plus for dog owners).But the key question - does it work?  I haven't caught any mice ... yet.  I do believe I have a couple in the attic, but not positive ... hence the 4 stars (would be 5 if I had caught anything).  The only downside to the design is the small door opening for rodents; it will only accomodate a very small mouse, so if you have rats (even small ones), this product is probably not going to help.All and all, this is a neat product and a true revolution in moustrap design - try it out, especially if you have pets and don't want to mash your fingers!
I got these because we've seen a few mice scurrying across the floor.  I put some peanut butter in the little reservoir, set the trap, and waited...  and waited... and waited.  It's been more than a month, and neither of the two traps I set out have caught anything.Update (4/16/2012): I checked the trap to see if I needed to replace the bait; after all, it's been more than a year.  The only difference is the bait is gone, and the trap is filled with tiny mouse poops.  I'm throwing it out!
I got these because a mouse got into our house, perhaps from our Christmas Tree?The mouse raced across our bed one morning and then we couldn't find it anywhere.So, I placed these traps in the corner of our kitchen floor and counter, thinking that that is where the mouse would find it's dinner.However, our cats seem to have gotten the best of the mouse and these traps have sat empty for two weeks now.The design is easy to use, and I really like the idea of no cleanup.It would be nice to have some no-kill traps, but then you need to drive your caught critters miles away to keep them from coming back.With the Kill and Seal you can just throw the little coffins into the trash.
These traps might be okay if you are sure you only have two mice, and can give some time to eradicating the pair.  Using peanut butter as bait, these were placed in a place with many mice four days ago.  One mouse has been caught.  The other trap still awaits a victim.As to the \"green\" aspect--there is no way to reuse the traps, so you have to buy all this plastic to get rid of each critter.  It is kind of like buying baby food in jars--they all have to be carried in, and then there is just as much trash going out, except baby food jars might be recyled, and I would hesitate to send a sealed plastic mousetrap, including mouse, to the recycle center.The traditional Victor traps made of a spring-wire on a 3 x 5 plaque of wood that can be reused are a better option.
I placed these where I've caught numerous mice with regular traps, and had been seeing mice again, on my kitchen counter. But I never got one! And it's weird how you can't see in; I know you're supposed to just assume it's set or sprung by the lever on the side, but I don't know... Just stick with the original.
Set the Victor M265 Kill & Seal Mouse Traps a couple of weeks ago, and no mice yet. Maybe the mice and tics need to write the review on this one. For ten bucks a 2 pack, I suggest the old fashioned wood snappers or a pest repellent ultrasonic wave. Some mice are pretty smart and  avoid traps. Last year, one got into my kitchen. My friend freaked and slammed my Epicurean board on it, which broke its neck. Happy mice trapping.
I like the fact that this trap hides the mouse from view (some may not need that, but I like it).  I don't hate the site of mice, but I just feel guilty when I see them killed (had a pet mouse when I was a kid).  I have always had problems setting up the normal spring/snap regular traps.  My fingers usually get caught several times before I get it set up. Then I get frustrated when I've finally gotten it set up and then it snaps when I set it on the floor and move it into place. Also, with my dog running around the house and shaking the floor while she runs, they would sometimes snap (I ALWAYS put them under and behind stands/furniture so she doesn't get to them physically, but the motion from her playing hard can sometimes set them off).I've tried another brand of the out-of-site type of trap, but they did not work at all for me.  I don't recall the brand, but they were circular and you twisted it to set it into place.  Never worked at all.  I've used Victor products before with success -- flea trap with sticky paper, cover, and lamp -- works good.  I've also used spider traps by them, which are just sticky paper, but I don't put them inside the house in any rooms that my dog could remotely get to or stretch her paw to get.  I don't want to chance it that she would get stuck to the paper, so using just the sticky paper in the house to catch a mouse is out of the question for me. Also, I think it's cruel to catch mice with it since they will often try to chew off there legs to get loose.  I only use the paper for bugs and spiders during the humid, summer months in my laundry room and spare/storage room that has a lot of moisture and is closed off from the rest of the house.This Victor Kill & Seal Mouse Trap is a great concept and made very sturdy.  I am impressed and quite pleased. I have not caught a mouse with it yet -- have not yet seen any signs of mice yet, but I'm sure that will come soon with the change in weather. I have no problems with them not being reusable, but I would like them to be a little less money if I ever got into a situation with a lot of mice.
Almost $4.50 per mouse that you catch but do not see. Anyway, the trap is well made with a sealing screw opening for the (peanut butter) bait, and a gasketed door to close behind the mouse. If you absolutely must not see the dead mouse, this could be the trap for you. I put these in the garage and a couple of days later threw away the (successfully used) mouse trap. They'll be replaced with glue traps.Decent working trap but really only needed if you MUST NOT SEE DEAD MOUSE.
These are a very well made, easy to use mousetrap. I like their bait system, but the simple fact that you cannot reuse them makes them a waste of money and materials.Let's face a simple fact, if you have two mice, you have more than two mice, much more! And paying $5 per mouse is going to get expensive very fast.And I really don't understand why these are not reusable. It should not be that hard to have a way to open them and dispose of the mouse. Yes I know some people can't stand to even look at mice, but I am not one of them.Overall, a \"could have been great\" product, but I would advise against buying this one.
This mousetrap is basically a regular old fashioned mouse trap within a plastic casing.  This mousetrap is good if you are grossed out by the \"trapped\" dead mouse and/or want to keep it contained to avoid seeping or a bloody mess anywhere, it also keeps the dead mouse away from pets, children or anyone at all.  The dead mouse is inside the plastic casing you you just toss the whole thing away. Very easy, clean and as sanitary as a mousetrap can be.  It is a bit of a waste of plastic and I don't know if these can be recycled, but if you are looking for a sanitary way to trap a mouse and an easy disposal, this trap is for you.
I don't get it.  There is so much that is unappealing about this, I actually don't know why I chose this.  Essentially a waste of a cardboard box and heavy plastic devices completely useless for any purpose.Tis the season that the warmth of a home or basement draws our little friends in.  However, these things have been put in basement for a month, repeatedly filled one with peanut butter and the other cheese.  Neither picked up anything.  However, a leftover gluetrap strip did.  I actually removed anything trap related in the basement and just kept these two down there for a week, and still nothing.  I know they are down there.  I hear them either munching a box or scurrying around.  No, they are no rats. I caught mice with glue traps several times.I can't play this game anymore or I will have families of mice living in these deluxe condos.  So, going to get more blue traps.  If for some reason one of these things ever catches a mouse I will certainly update this review.  But even if they did work, I don't like the idea that this contraption is not reusable.  It is irresponsible and a waste plastic.  I'll check back later.  But so far, no mice, no dice.January 23, 2011 UPDATE:  Changing the stars to 1 star.  The item is completely worthless.  Glue traps are the answer.
The marketing premise is based on the fact that we all think mice are icky and we don't want their germs or their decomposing bodies in our homes. Fair enough. The idea is to catch the mouse with this trap and then toss the whole kit and caboodle in the trash. My husband's initial reaction, upon setting this up, was that throwing out a trap every time you catch a mouse isn't exactly environmentally friendly or easy on the wallet. But as this was a free sample, he agreed to give it a go.Well, now we still have the mouse . . . and the trap . . . minus the peanut butter we used as bait. There are little mouse giggles and peanut butter belches during the night.We will be going back to the traditional style mouse trap asap.
I love the idea of this trap.  There is a small opening that the mouse goes through to get to the bait.  When he's inside, a trigger closes the door and the mouse is killed and inside.  You throw away the trap and you're done.  The only problem is that the hole is very tiny.  I have not been able to lure a mouse into the trap with even the smelliest cheese or freshest peanut butter.  Perhaps someplace where the mice are smaller, this would work better.  This is why I gave it three stars instead of one.  There was a time that I killed a mouse that had a family and when the babies were forced out to find food, the standard mousetraps were not sensitive enough to catch them.  In that scenario, this trap would have been ideal and would have worked much better than my house cat.
I do like that these traps are easy to set and you won't run the risk of pinching your fingers. But it seems a waste of a lot of plastic just to catch one mouse. I put peanut butter in mine and set it up in my basement. I think I had a rat and this trap's entrance hole is way to small for a rat. I think the rat was coming in our cat door and now that I have a locking cat door I haven't seen any signs of it anymore. I have given this trap a 4 star review because I do like the fact that I don't have to worry about my little kids getting injured by the normal spring kind of trap. I will just leave it set and up on the shelf just in case a new mouse shows up.
I live next to a cane field and generally when they cut the cane, we end up with a few mice trying to get into the house via the garage or the vinyl siding.  We usually use sticky traps but gave these a try.  Either there were no mice this cutting or the mice just weren't lured to the trap.  I love the idea of not having to look at a dead mouse so it's a great concept.
I would say the Victor M265 Kill & Seal Mouse Traps are about average. Sometimes the work and sometimes they do not. I put two of these traps out and only one worked. I had to use another method to catch the other mice. These are easy to use. I used Peanut Butter to set the trap. Once the mouse was caught, you just empty the whole thing without having to touch or see the dead mouse. These Mouse Traps are very effective when they work.
We've long used the traditional Victor spring-traps to capture and kill the inevitable mice in our Vermont country home. However, my wife has never been comfortable seeing their bodies caught in the traps, not to mention the potential health hazards of their decaying bodies just lying around. These new Kill & Seal Mouse Traps are the perfect solution as they're (1) much more attractive and unobtrusive than the old woode board/spring traps, (2) very effectively trap and kill small rodents and, (3) seal their remains in safe to handle package that's easy to dispose of. We've now thrown out all of our old traps and will be using these from now on.
Since we set the two kill and seal mouse traps we've had an increase in kills with the old timey \"drama\" mouse traps using the same bait in other parts of the garage.I don't think these are worth the price at all. The entrance hole is pretty tiny -- maybe it works better for house mice. I'm not sure one of my industrial-size field mice would even bother squeezing through the hole.I suppose, if you have mouse problems inside a house with small children, that these traps are better than nothing at all.
A disposable mouse trap that keeps the mess inside is a great idea. What this product leaves wanting is the execution. The mechanical part feels shoddy. Of the two traps in the pack, only one gives a clear click when armed. After a few days in known high-traffic area, they still have not been tripped.
Ok, so every year when the weather gets cooler we get mice in our house. We live out in the country, so it is unavoidable. I saw this little contraption and thought it sounded like a decent product to trap the mice and me not have to deal with them or see them. Usually I use the glue traps and then you have to throw a live mouse stuck on glue in the trash and it just seems so wrong. So anyway, I gave these Kill and Seal traps a try. I put 2 of them back in my bathroom closet where I had seen some mouse droppings and I also saw the darn mouse itself one day when it darted out of the closet when I opened the door. I am not sure why, but the mouse must be avoiding this trap because there are still mouse droppings but no mouse in the trap! There are droppings literally right beside the trap too, so I am not sure what is going on or where this mouse came from that he is so dang smart. Weird!! I guess I will go back to the glue traps since we always catch the mice that way.
The 6 of these we got from amazon are in perfect working order.We set out 2 and caught 2 mice overnight; tossed them out in the morning and set out 2 more.  These are still set and checked daily, so I guess we had 2 mice.  We also bleached the entire kitchen and got all edibles 24 inches off the floor and out of drawers in our house; so the combo of the lack of food and these traps have given us a mouse-free house.Make sure you have the side of the trap with the door parallel with a wall since mice scamper along the base of walls, this will insure they will come in contact with the trap and be lured in for a peanut butter snackThey are expensive, but we have an infant daughter and wanted to seal in all the nastiness we could for her health and our peace of mind.  If you can get a good batch of these traps, they are awesome!
No doubt the safest way to get rid of mice. Once it trap a mouse, it seals off everything and nothing can come out. Even ticks, fleas, or anything a mouse is carrying will be sealed off. You won't see any evidence as it is completely close. Great for the queasy types. You will know you got one as the door will be covered and the lever is flipped.It is very easy to use (the manufacturer has a video on the main page). Just put the peanut butter as a bait, turn the lever counter-clockwise until it locks, and it is ready to use.But it is an expensive way of doing it. One-use and you need to discard it. A lot of plastic material is also used in this product - lots of waste.Last thing, although the trap is big, the mouse that can be caught with this device is only the really small mice. The size of the trap door (3/4\" x 3/4\") is so small to fit any normal sized mouse.Not recommended.
My grandmother lives alone and since her dog passed she finds she gets field mice. She hates when she catches them and has to pick them up. She will usually leave it decaying in the trap till I come. I ordered these specifically for her and am so happy she finally caught a mouse and didnt have to call me to dispose of it.
I live in the country.  Each fall a whole army of mice move into my heated garage.  I use a variety of traps and poisons to kill them as quickly as possible.  I have tried glue traps (cruel and disgusting), alligator-type snap traps (only good if the mouse enters straight-on - one didn't and was injured, not killed) and thed-CON 00027 Ultra Set Covered Mouse Trap.I hesitated in getting these traps because the description of all of the diseases mice carry seemed a little fear mongering.  Still, I thought I would see if they were in fact a better mouse trap.They appear to be a standard snap trap (like the d-CON) but with a door that closes when the trap is sprung.  Unlike the d-CON, it is impossible to empty the trap and re-set it if that is your choice. The mouse is completely encased in the trap, so you don't see it at all, unlike the other traps I use.The instructions are not well done.  There isn't any text, just pictures, and the instructions on baiting just show a knife with something on the blade tip.  If you don't know that peanut butter is the best bait, there is nothing to tell you that is what is on the knife.Baiting this trap is easy.  A plug comes out, you put the peanut butter on it, and you replace the plug.  Then you set the trap spring.One of the traps did not want to be set.  I turned the lever repeatedly and it didn't catch.  This is a common problem on the d-CON traps, so I knew to hold the trap upside down shake it until it sets.This is a great one-use trap for someone who isn't comfortable dealing with mice, which would have been me a few years ago.  I don't like that it cannot be re-used and will probably stick with the d-CON.  However, for some locations, like where kids or pets are around or in our main house, these are nice.
Had a mouse in the garage that I wanted gone.  I put 2 of these traps out, and even though it took a few days for them to work, they eventually did.  The best thing is that I didn't have to see, hear, or touch anything to do with a mouse!  I like the cleanliness and the ease of this mousetrap.  Would recommend.
I first put four poison feed boxes in my basement that I purchased from Wal-Mart. This stuff was supposed to kill the mouse in one feeding.  Three weeks later, all 4 boxes were gone and the mouse was still alive. I figured I needed something better.  I wasn't very optimistic when I first saw this mouse trap. I just didn't think that the mouse would actually go into it.  I set the trap and put the same poison feed inside it (I figured he liked it and would come back). He did. This time though, he ate all of the poison inside, dropped his business (poop), and crawled back out. I couldn't believe it. I set the trap again but this time I put peanut butter in it. Two days later, the trap was shut and the mouse was dead!  The mouse trap worked great!  I picked up the trap and threw it all away.  No mess!
I've set up a bit of a litmus test to check this trap's effectiveness:  It sits in my laundry room right next to a \"conventional\" wire-snap trap.  The snap trap has caught 2 mice.  The Victor M265 remains untouched.  I even left it alone for a few days without the other trap, just in case the snap trap was more \"inticing\" to the mice.  After 2 months, no dice, no mice.I'm not sure if the access hole is too small (it is quite small), but this trap doesn't appear to be very effective at it's advertised purpose.  It's awful expensive to not work...The upside:  it's really easy to set.Unless you're desperate to have a no-see-um trap, I'd recommend you stick with the tried and true (and cheap) snap traps.
These traps are designed for people who are particularly concerned about hygiene and aesthetics. It's true, I'm sure, that mice carry disease, and let's face it, disposing of the mice can be  unpleasant and occasionally messy (although avoiding actual contact with a dead mouse is not usually very difficult).  These traps avoid any of that.Setting the trap is very easy--you place some peanut butter or other bait in a little plug that screws out and then screws back in, pull down the red lever to open the door and set the trap, and walk away.  When the mouse is caught, the lever pops up, and you just throw the whole unit away.If you have only one or two mice to catch and then you know you can prevent mice from ever being a problem again, these may be just the  thing.  But if you have a recurring problem, this gets expensive pretty fast, since the traps are not reusable.  So these traps are most useful for those who are willing to pay a stiff premium to avoid having to see or otherwise come in contact with the trapped mice.Also, the bait is enclosed in the trap, and unless you have some bait that has a strong odor, a mouse is not as likely to even know it's there as compared to a trap that holds the bait out in the open, so it's not going to be as effective as most other traps.  And another problem:  Sometimes the trap springs--the lever moves and the red door closes--without a mouse entering the trap.  When this happens, you can't open it back up, and the empty trap is now useless.  Like I said, very expensive.
Gave these to my elderly parents, who love the way they work!  In fact, they are ordering more!  It was great not to have to deal with mice carcasses.
This is a clean & safe way to get rid of any mice problem at your home or garage. I used this to catch a mice in my garage; it is a great little gadget that can be used anywhere in the home and is safe for use around kids and pets. Simply Unscrew the bait sealing hatch, place a little bit of peanut butter or cream cheese inside the hatch and screw the hatch back into the trap. Push the red trap handle down to open the patented red fluid-tight door and set the internal kill bar. When a mouse is caught, the red trap handle will move to the upward position and the red fluid-tight door will seal shut. Simply throw away the one-time use disposable trap: strongly recommended.
This Trap's door is too small for an average mouse and as stated by most other reviewers on Amazon, while this product makes it easy to dispose off a trapped mouse without having to get in contact with the rodent, I personally find the trap utterly useless; I tried the same in the garage hoping to catch something other than mice as I know for sure that mice in our area is big enough to carry this funny contraption. But it did not catch anything! - Total waste of money.Novel concept but poorly designed and It is very expensive and totally useless product! - Not recommended.TIP:Once you engage the trap the only way to disengage it is to give the trap a big jolt by banging on a flat surface and you can re-engage the trap and wait, wait and wait for the elusive mouse!
I, like many, do not look forward to fall weather when those critters start coming around and have to bait these already stained mouse traps, only to discover later either a dead mouse or part of one. I usually throw the traps away, even if they are reusable, because I don't want to deal with cleaning the lord-knows-what-that-stuff-is on the contraption. Well finally a trap is produced that you can put a little peanut butter in a little cup on the pre designed place on the trap, place the trap where desired in your home and push a lever to set the spring and walk away knowing that 1) you won't be touching or cleaning anything dead ever again and 2)your 2 year old or pet won't be getting whacked by that spring loaded death trap. When the mouse smells the bait, it goes in the small door, around a curve and gets hit with the built in spring loaded trap leaving no chance to excapse the small maxed enclosure. A biohazard icon appears when the mouse has been caught and the door is automatically sealed so any remains including diseased blood, urine and ticks stay with the critter and is ready to be disposed of in the trash. No smells, no cleanup & safe for your household. Simple and effective!
Although they are more expensive than other traps, the advantage is ease of use and it is safer. This mouse trap is very easy to bait and set, taking just seconds. There is no chance that the trap will hurt your fingers (or those of someone else or pets). The trap is inside the plastic \"house\" so it doesn't stand out as being a mouse trap.I have to add, one of the traps set with total ease. The second one didn't work/set as easily. I called up the 1-800 number to let them know and as I was explaining it and going through the motions, it set. Although it turned out that I didn't need any, having a support line for a mouse trap is going out of the way. It may take a little effort (attempts) but there is no need to get frustrated.As they are only for one use, it is going to cost a lot to keep your house free of mice. I don't hold these against the product itself as you get what you pay for. Furthermore, it is going to make a lot of trash using these. I guess one has to decide which is worse, bloody mice or something that isn't too eco friendly.
Compared to the \"traditional\" wooden base snap trap, the Victor M265 Kill & Seal Mouse Trap has these negative characteristics:-  it doesn't seem that the killing bar has as much force as a regular snap trap.-  you can't make sure of the adjustment of the trigger (particularly if you want to make sure it has a \"hair trigger\").  Unlike a traditional snap trap, you can't observe the action to make sure everything is in working order.  It was an interesting decision to make it opaque instead of transparent or translucent.-  if the mouse doesn't die right away, you are throwing away a wounded mouse, to die later in the trash.-  it's probably the most expensive single-use trap on the market.  You will not be able to remove the dead mouse (to be fair, this IS the point of the trap... to make sure that the mouse, any fluids, and all parasites REMAIN enclosed).  You would probably want a less expensive design if you were dealing with a major infestation.-  There's a lot of waste, both in the plastic trap itself and in the packaging.-  The single door doesn't provide the same access opportunity as with a properly-placed snap trap (perpendicular and adjoining to a wall, where the mouse can approach from both directions).On the positive side:-  it is very attractive in design, ready for the kitchen.-  it is dog, cat, and kid-proof.-  Fluids and parasites should stay inside.  Smells (if the mouse is left inside to rot) will still emanate, but should be minimized.  I think it will be very difficult for flies to lay any eggs on the carcass.-  There should be no biological contamination left behind.-  It's hard to determine whether fleas will be 100% prevented from escaping because the door is not sealed like the bait access port with an O-ring, but it would be very rare for fleas to escape.-  It is quieter than a traditional snap trap.  Have one go off while you're in the next room, and you'll know what I mean.This trap should be very attractive to the home or apartment owner who is fearful about dealing with a dead mouse.  And while expensive, if the alternative would be to hire a pest control company, this is much more economical.
For months there has been a pesky rat gnawing through dogfood and other food sources in my house.  I tried glue traps (which caught my Jack Russell terrier), traditional Spring traps and live traps which caught nothing and finally the Victor M265 killed the rat dead.  It was alot neater than the thought of dealing with a rat with a broken neck.  This truly is a better mousetrap!
Since my cat died, not only have I lost my safest and most effective sleep inducer (the little purr-meister was on my pillow every night, the instant the lights went out), but I've gained a household of unwanted guests.  Funny what all those stories about Mickey and his anthropomorphic friends will do to your mind: I couldn't bring myself to setting out the traps, even when their \"souvenirs\" became noticeable among apples and other fresh foods.  So I ordered a couple of \"humane\" devices (quickly found on Amazon) for trapping them live. I'd place my \"catch\" into an old aquarium and, upon capturing a half dozen or more of the little critters (house mice really are kind of cute--and they're multi-colored), I'd drive a couple of miles outside of the city limits and release them in the woods.But the next thing I knew it was winter, snow was on the ground, and releasing them for a certain meeting with their Maker seemed less than considerate of me.  Moreover, I talked to some colleagues in the biology department and learned that \"house mice\" are so designated for a reason: they require a hospitable human host (preferably with a leaky house) for their very survival!  There simply is no way they'll endure on their own in that Darwinian jungle, \"red in tooth and claw.\"So my hand was forced.  At first, the Victor Kill & Seal Mouse Trap seemed effective and quick, and it worked well enough--until I had 2nd thoughts.  First of all, notice the video prefacing these reviews.  It plays on the worst fears many humans (especially parents) harbor about these deadly rodents with their \"feces, blood, and dangerous body fluids.\"  It would seem that killing the enemy isn't good enough to protect the main resident, who pays the mortgage or rent.  In fact, heaven help you if you're gullible enough to believe that not touching the creature insulates you from the perils it represents to adults and most certainly to children. If you buy into Victor's promotion, the very air surrounding the lifeless creature is rife with contamination and all forms of toxic viruses.  Solution: a hermetically sealed enclosure that \"locks in\" not merely the dead mouse but its countless contaminants (apparently, they're capable of causing blindness--which the Victor capitalizes on with the assurance that the human mouse-catcher won't even have to look upon the loathsome spectacle.It's that last consideration (even more than the thought of the sheer wastefulness of tossing away one of these thick, plastic, miniature \"bomb shelters\" with each and every mouse), that turned me against using this device to purge my household of the critters.  (I've caught so many by my bare hands that I'm probably beyond contamination anyway.)  I'd prefer that my own kids use the old-fashioned traps, with the loaded springs that literally \"guillotine\" their inquisitive and hungry little victims (the mice--not my grandkids).  Sentiment aside, mice are carriers of numerous nasty viruses and bacteria, capable of making you sick and perhaps even worse (but so too are domestic pets, and so too are many of the wild creatures in the water, on land, and flying overhead). There's every reason to \"control\" their population and curtail their activities in your household, but there's even more reason not to become an obsessive, paranoid, hypochondriacal Howard Hughes in the process--or to predispose your kids to see every rodent (by definition!) as another form of terrorist in their midst (frankly, I'd prefer to save those scare tactics for \"lessoning\" my kids and grand-kids about the dangers of careless driving, drug and alcohol abuse--and, above all, handguns.In sum, killing a mouse affords the parent an opportunity to introduce the child to the natural order of life and death.  The Victor Kill & Seal, on the other hand, mutes, postpones, detours around the potential learning experience.  Putting the little mammals out of their misery in a manner that insulates the killer from the very sight of the necessary deed may be convenient and effective, but it's neither educational nor guilt-free.  As someone who, at a very early age, read Coleridge's great poem, I've simply never been able to break free from the words with which the Mariner brings his tale to a close:He prayeth best, who loveth bestAll things both great and small;For the dear God who loveth us,He made and loveth all.
The idea behind this trap is great but it failed to work. I kept one glue trap and this trap at same location. A mouse was trapped in glue trap in 48 hours whereas nothing was caught in this trap in two weeks!There were no instructions in the package, just four cartoons on one side of the cover. Later I found the PDF file with instructions on Amazon web site.Automatically sealing dead mouse is good idea. The opening in this trap is very small and bigger mouse can't get in. The bottom line for me is that it does not work.
I always catch a mouse or two every year and it is never fun cleaning it up and I usually only notice I caught one by the smell, which is extremely pungent in the basement of which I only go into once or twice a month.  These mouse traps are a great idea, they seal on the rodent so there is no need to transfer it into a bag just to put it in the trash and cuts down on the smell with its sealing hatch (which it also seals the parasites and fleas of which the instructions claims).But there are a few drawbacks.  First just figuring out how to use the trap is frustrating.  I reread it multiple times before I had to hop online just to figure out how it works (the video on this page is a good guide on how to use it).  Also this trap is BYOB (bring your own bait) where it suggest you smear peanut butter in a tab that is then inserted into the trap which can be messy operation.  Lastly, the trap door is pretty small, thankfully the mice that I catch tend to be small, but if the ones you are trying to catch are big, you may want to go with another product.
I've used many traps for mice and rats over the years, and the Victor kill and seal is another one that just doesn't work.  I know all about proper baiting and placement of traps, and I definitely have mice in my attic, but they won't go near the Kill and Seal.  The only difference between this trap and a regular spring-loaded trap is that this one has a cover over it so you don't have to see the dead mouse or look at it.  That is the only advantage, yet you're paying several dollars per trap more.  I guess another advantage is that the mice can't steal the bait from the trap, but that doesn't really matter if they never go for it.Unfortunately, the best mouse trap available is a glue trap.  However I think they are incredibly inhumane and an awful way to kill mice and rats.  If you absolutely have to get rid of mice and no other way is working, that is your best bet.  If you are looking for something similar to this trap and don't mind seeing a dead mouse, try theSnap-E Mouse Trap.  If you are looking to get rid of rats and have some money to burn, the best thing I've found is theAgri Zap RZU001 Rat Zapper Ultra(this product will not work with rats so make sure you know that your problem is mice).The Victor Kill & Seal is a good idea but poor execution and way too expensive for a single use product.
They have ALL the right buzzwords for a germaphobe. OMG! Additional creepy crawly unsanitary germ ridden thingies are on each mouse? I NEED this trap! After getting it, I give it a big 'meh'. It is well made. Too well made for a disposable trap. A mouse could easily live in here and make it a mouse condo. If the door latch fails, I'm sure that is exactly what will happen. They enter through a small hole, and if you have ever had mice you know that they can fit through a hole the size of a dime, so the hole IS the right size. Then it is supposed to shut and....well....keep it in the box until it dies. Not sure if I'm ok with that, but since it has yet to snag a critter, I'm not sure it will be an issue. Not impressed.
Background: we've had a minor mouse situation in the attic for a few years.  We are not cat people, so have been using glue traps, with intermittent yet consistent success.  But be warned, traveler,the glue trapis a tool for the hardy and steely of nerve: open, right there, for all to see, and picking one up with a still-alive mouse in it, those beady yet pathetic little eyes looking at you as it squeaks helplessly in abject horror, its tiny little muscles squirming like mad to flee, futilely, under its increasingly loose skin...most unpleasant.  Or even picking one up with a long-dead mouse permanently stuck to it, half-skeletal, the dead maggots that consumed it also stuck on the glue.Well, that's all pretty nasty, obviously, so the better mousetrap people have come up with this thingy.  The packaging calls this a \"hygienic mousetrap.\"  Well, that's accurate enough.  This mousetrap is the equivalent of a hospital sharps container; all the bad stuff goes inside, nothing comes out, and then you just toss the whole thing into the trash.  You pick up the entire, one-time-use container, and all of the sad, unpleasant, ugly, nasty mouse-gunk goes into the garbage.  (I note that this device is not recyclable, the only recyclable item being the box it comes in.  But then again, that's not the point here, right?)The packaging stresses that this trap's unique design traps blood, feces, urine, bugs (fleas and ticks--disease vectors!) neatly inside.  It goes on to imply that this trap will eliminate the threat of salmonella and the triggering of asthma attacks, too.  The copy also indirectly threatens that fleas and ticks from dead mice in a conventional trap could jump to \"kids and pets.\"  This is nothing but copywriting hyperbole.  Fleas may be able to jump, but a tick isn't going to beat a glue trap.  A traditional spring trap will offer up blood, feces and urine, and then some, and that's plenty funky when you go to empty the trap, especially if you plan to use the thing again, but none of that goop escapes a glue trap.You get two of these traps in each package, which comes out to well over four dollars each.  That's really pretty spendy for a mousetrap.  Compare this with a rough unit price of about a dollar and a half each for an effective glue trap.  That's a 311% difference.  So, is that extra three-odd dollars' worth not having to touch or even see or smell the unfortunate effects of killing household vermin?  You decide, ya mouse-killer.There is a cute little screw-off cap into which you drop your choice of delicious mouse bait (we used peanut butter).  The cap well even has a neato little black rubber gasket, for a better seal, I guess.  You screw it on, set the trap with a single large external lever, and then set it down.  Of the two traps I received, one set immediately and stayed set, and the other was totally unreliable.  It was extremely sensitive to the slightest touch, and would snap prematurely.  I have checked it numerous times since I set and placed it, and each time it had snapped, with no mouse inside.  So, half of them didn't work properly at the outset.Results: I've waited a number of months to write this, hoping for a capture with this trap, and some comparative results from the 5 glue traps we have in place.  In that time, our glue traps have caught one mouse, and these two traps (with one usually out of commission because it keeps snapping on its own) have caught one. The other one has remained open and unsprung.  In the successful trap there was no leakage from the trap, and close-in examination revealed no smell at all; that's a pretty effective seal.Bottom line: If even the sight of a live mouse brings on a total freakout, this is the trap for you.  If a dead mouse, its smell, or any of the unavoidable physical manifestations of mousetrap death bother you, then this also is the mousetrap for you. And if your skin crawls at the thought of formerly mouse-borne ticks, fleas, mites or other biological hitchhikers abandoning that redolent rodent carcass for somewhere else in your magnificently pure home, then this is most certainly the trap for you.  Just understand that avoiding these minor unpleasantries is going to cost you, and until they invent little auto-deploying robotic mousetrap legs and an auto-garbage can homing circuit (which they will, eventually), you're still going to have to pick it up and dump it in the can yourself.
I used these at the edge of our property to keep the mice out of the shed.  I have been using various traps instead of poison due to pets.  I was able to snag one small mouse, but the second trap was moved and I believe it is due to the size of the trap opening.  It is very small approximately 1\" wide.  That won't allow any larger mice to enter, so keep that in mind when ordering.  Otherwise, I am happy with this since we don't check the traps every day.EDIT 10/28/2010:  TYPO
Basically, this thing works by catching a mouse and throwing the entire thing away. This does not seem like a huge waste, it is a huge waste. I guess if killing mice really freaks you out and you can't bear to deal with it, this is the thing for you. You better have deep pockets because this method is going to cost you. Use the old fashioned traps and save the environment (by killing mice).
The two Kill & Seal traps I deployed in my home failed to kill or trap a single mice during the weeks they were in place.  Meanwhile, old-fashioned, wooden traps met with great success.  I live in the country, surrounded by corn and soybean fields.  When harvest time arrives and the temperature begins to drop, the local field mice relocate nearby homes and barns.  I've used the made in USA,Victor M038 Easy Set Mouse Trap, 4-Pack, baited with peanut butter, with good success.  In fact, after I used the Kill & Seal, exclusively, for two weeks, I placed an easy set trap within one foot of each of the Kill & Seals.  Both Easy Sets killed mice within a few hours while the Kill & Seals remained unsprung and empty.Besides not liquidating mice, the Kill & Seal traps are not easy to conceal, cannot be placed in tight spaces, and offer only point of entry to mice that happen upon them.  Definitely not a better mouse trap.  I will continue to use either the Victor Easy Sets or the regular, old-fashioned Victor wooden traps to rid my home of mice.BTW, in order to get the most out of an Easy Set, I highly recommend disregarding the instructions saying to bait the traps.  Peanut butter on the yellow paddle has always done the trick for me.
I really really REALLY wanted these to work...  If they had, I would pay almost any price, to not have to deal with a mouse, dead or alive...  They are easy to set, but when I put one trap side by side with a traditional wood trap, the mice preferred the wooden one...  When I left the Kill and Seal as the only choice, they snubbed it and kept on making my life miserable.  Replace the Kill and Seal with a wooden trap, and SNAP!... got the little bugger.  So...  I am still hopeful that eventually they will catch something...  Meanwhile, I buy wooden traps by the dozen, and use a long handled dust pan and broom to toss mouse and trap, which is much cheaper, although not as aesthetically pleasing...
Disclaimer: Yes, I received these traps for free from Amazon via the Vine program. That being said, I always review products as if I actually paid for them.The Victor M265 Kill and Seal does what it says. It kills mice and seals them into the trap.When using these traps, the thing to remember is that a little bait (peanut butter worked well) goes a long way.To bait the trap you unscrew the bait plug, put a small amount of peanut butter (or whatever you want to use) on the inside of the plug, put the plug back into the trap and screw it in tightly. That's it. And you screw it in tightly to seal the chamber so none of the fleas, ticks or other parasites, along with blood and other body fluids, can seep out.To activate the trap you pull down the red handle and the door opens. Place the trap. Always make sure you put the trap along the base of a wall or similar as this is where the mice frequent. It is very rare for a mouse to travel into the center of a room.I received these a couple days ago. I took the time that evening to bait and set them and literally the next morning I had 2 dead mice.As it states, it kills and seals the mouse. In order to keep things sealed and prevent leakage of fluid and parasites, these are SINGLE USE traps. At MSRP $10, these are very expensive traps. The only reason I can see someone using these over other traps is if you have a real aversion to mice. These traps keep you from seeing the dead rodents or having to touch any odd fluids that may be released. As far as keeping fleas and ticks at bay, my guess is most people with pets who worry about fleas and ticks already use preventative measures for their pets, which sort of negates one aspect of these traps.The traps worked really, really well. I have no complaints from a mechanical standpoint; I have complaints about spending $5 a trap only to toss said $5 into the trash, when the traditional style trap still works well and costs what, $5 for 5? It's really difficult to get past the price on these. They were somehow made to be reusable, I'd be all over them (if I can't eliminate the mouse problem in my garage) if they weren't so relatively expensive.The bottom line, as other reviewers have stated, is they are expensive but they work and would be perfect traps (and money pits) for those that are mouse squeamish.
OK, so this trap is more expensive than many others. However, it's a good choice when other animals are present. In particular, I am using it in a garage and I don't want to endanger pets (ours and our neighbors).
Mice.  Not a subject people enjoy discussing but if you find them (there's never just one) in your house it becomes a terribly important topic. This product worked wonderfully, exactly as it was meant to. The trap is easy to set with no risk of pinched fingers. It's safe because the bait or attractant is sealed away from your desirable household pets (dogs and cats)and - if you have a tender heart - you don't have to see the evidence that the trap has worked. The only \"negative\" for me is the cost. At almost five dollars a trap, that's too expensive for me to use once and throw away. Other than that, a great product.
I've never, ever had any mice problems before, then really late one night I heard it.  Chewing, gnawing from the inside of the wall, trying to get into my pantry.  It sounded huge!  I thought that it must be an opossum or a squirrel, maybe even a RAT!  I am putting it mildly to say that I was more than a little freaked out (I am a city boy after all and a non-hunter).  He must have found another way in earlier because I found some \"pellets\" that were kindly left as evidence of a previous visit.  I took them to my local hardware store (in a thick plastic bag of course) and asked the kind man to help me.  He took one look and said, \"You got a mouse.\"  I was just a little disappointed and left with a traditional spring and wood type trap.Loaded with peanut butter (apparently mice have moved on from cheese) I set the trap in the pantry and waited.  At about 2 in the morning I heard a frightening \"SNAP\" followed by some thumping. Armed with a flashlight I went to investigate.  Just to give you some reference, I am 6'3\" and over 220 pounds, still, this mouse was HUGH!  A Texas mouse, to be sure.  Unfortunately he was not dead but was mortally wounded and flopping around.  After he died I was left to clean up the body, blood and... other stuff.  This was a few months ago and I remember thinking, \"There has got to be a better way.\"When I got the opportunity to try Victor's Kill & Seal Mouse Trap I went for it.  I was promised a clean and cringe-free way to dispatch and dispose of the little critters.  Mine must have been a pioneer, some brave mouse exploring new, un-moused territory because I have never seen or heard one since.  However, my neighbor recently complained that she has some unwelcome visitors of the 'Mus musculus' (that's their Latin name) type.  A chance to try this new gadget couldn't be passed up.Setting up the Victor's Kill & Seal Mouse Trap was fairly easy.  There is a little plug that you unscrew in order the bait the trap with peanut butter (again!) and a big lever that sets the trap and a trap door which promises to seal the little feller inside, allowing the proud human to simply toss the whole thing in the garbage.  Seems like a lot of plastic for one mouse, but at least I don't have to see it's quivering body.  We set it up in a likely spot and waited.  Two days went by without the trap being triggered so I checked it out.  The peanut butter was gone but the trap was still open.  We reloaded it (this time with a name-brand, organic peanut butter) and set it out again.  I got a call around midnight and was asked, no, commanded to come over, NOW!Well, it caught the mouse alright, but he was still in flopping and shaking when I got there and a good part of his hind quarters were sticking out of the trap.  I later looked at the diagram of the trap on the box and although our Texas mice are big, I don't see how he could have triggered the \"Kill Bar\" and still leave his back-side out.  Eventually he passed on and I (being the man that I am) disposed of the mouse, apparatus and all.  So, in conclusion:  is this better that the regular mouse trap? Yes.  Is it worth the money?  I guess that it depends on how squeamish you are and how many mice you have to get rid of.  3 Stars.
My attic usually gets a few mice this time of year, and I was anxious to try out this trap.  These are very easy to use, you just pop in the bait and then turn the knob to set the trigger.  Unfortunately, when I turned the knob on the second trap, something went *crack* inside and it was broken.  I treated both traps exactly the same, with no excessive cranking or force.Luckily for my house, but not for this review, it appears my efforts to close all of the tiny access points into my attic are successful, and none of the traps up there has a victim yet.  I believe the remaining trap will work as advertised if any mice do find their way up there.  The concept behind these traps -- no muss, no fuss disposal -- is good if you don't want to get up close & personal with your dead rodents.  But especially given the price, a 50% failure rate right out of the box is unacceptable.
This trap hits the mark on its \"building a better mousetrap\" intent:  Easy no-mess baiting, effortless setting, reliable trap action, dispose of the rodent without ever seeing or touching it.  Perfect.  But.  Now for a few of my very strong reservations . . . .1.  I don't like mice in my house.  But I detest cruel treatment of any animal, even a mouse.  If you have ever used a traditional mousetrap (Victor has made millions of them and for decades), you know that the trap does not always kill the mouse.  Sometimes it just traps it across the neck or body while the mouse lays there wiggling.  I have taken these outside and released the mouse, which flees away apparently unharmed.  I have also sometimes chose to \"euthanize\" an injured trapped mouse, instantly and painlessly (not pleasant, but necessary). With the M265 Kill and Seal Mouse Trap, in my opinion, there is strong possibilty that a person will neatly drop their sprung trap in the trash - with the trap containing a live mouse which will slowly starve to death inside the confined blackness of the trap. The thought makes me ill.2.  A conventional moustrap is not much more than a little bit of wire, fashioned to a small slab of pine.  Can be re-used countless times.  It's tiny.  If you dispose of it, the wood quickly rots away.  The M265 Kill & Seal, on the other hand, is meant to be thrown away after one use and will comprise an eternal plastic block mouse tomb which will reside as-is in the city dump perpetually.  I'm not a \"green person\" . . . but this thing is a horribly wasteful way to kill a single mouse.3.  Speaking of waste, how about money?  A traditional mousetrap costs a few dimes. Look at the price on this one.I received this product as part of the Amazon Vine program, for consumer evaluation.  It's an ingenious product, but I won't be purchasing one.
Victor are the only brand of traditional mousetrap I buy, but I am not a big fan of these.In theory they are supposed to be more hygienic, safer, and disposable. In practice the plastic parts were prone to breaking, and since I accidentally set off the trap, and was unable to reset it.Plus there was insufficient documentation with the traps so I didn't know you put peanut butter or cheese on the top of the trap door, instead I just threw a piece of cheese down the trap hole. I don't know if that was the reason, but caught no mouse in this trap while I manged to catch a mouse in a traditional mouse trap.And at $4 or more a trap these are hardly a bargain.Unless you are trapping around food, small children, or pets, I would stick with the tried and true traditional Victor wooden traps.
The world is still waiting for the proverbial better mouse trap.  The \"kill and seal\" is similar in effectiveness to a regular mousetrap.  I have to set about a dozen traps in each of two attics and I'll typically get about five mice per setting, two triggered traps with no mice and five untriggered with the bait eaten. Once in a while I'll get 8 or 9 out of the 12 traps. More-or-less 50% effectiveness.  How a mouse is able to eat the peanut butter off the trigger and not set it off is amazing and admirable.  OK, so sometimes they can do the same with the \"Kill and Seal\" 
I wanted the promised clean kill action that this trap offered because of the things that traditional traps do. I also wanted something different because the old traps make me feel bad. When I see a mouse suffering from the older versions, it really does seem kind of cruel. Still, this was not what I thought of.The weird thing about these traps was that the mice figured out how to go in and take things out of them. One caught something (I got 2), but the other became a hangout where I had to put my old traps. That was kind of bad, too, because the things ar ento cost-effective and it drew in more mice than I had before.They picked up snacks and had a field day here. So, in one way, I sort of got clean. In another, I got more mice and a weird way to see how they interacted. That really struck me because they don't hang out at the other traps with the not-so-safe bars.The one trap that did work worked well, but these still seem experimental and I had mixed results. I would like to say that, based on one working, it was great. Stil, 50% didn't do anything. So, this is one of those things I'll have to ive a 3 - I liked the one that worked a lot but marveled at the way the other mice seemed to be when they had a pad behind the counter in my home.
I love usingVictor M230 Ultimate Flea Trapsinstead of pesticides; I've never had a flea problem, but the traps have caught tons of spiders & a few other random creepy crawlies. Since I've had such a good experience using Victor products, and I recently caught a mouse trying to build a nest in one of my drain spouts, I thought I would give this a try.I haven't caught anything yet, but I like the idea that this traps any parasites, like ticks, that may be riding on the mouse. It was a little difficult baiting the trap with peanut butter & trying to put the bait screw back in without making a mess. I also had a hard time pushing the lever down & getting it to stay down, so I gave this trap four stars since setting the trap wasn't as easy as advertised.I will come back & update this review to let people know if I caught anything. The trap has been placed inside my garage where I think the mouse might be getting in.***11-25-2012 update: I finally caught a mouse with it, but it took several attempts. The trap would snap shut without actually catching the little bugger...finally, the mouse went far enough in without setting it off too early. I don't recommend this, and changed my original rating to three stars as a result.
Hubby has become content with using his bucket of antifreeze with a peanut butter coated spinner on top and isn't even interested in opening the box on this product. When you know you can catch 14 mice and a rat in your garage with a single bucket of antifreeze this product becomes less appealing.
This product does the dirty job,encloses the mouse and makes a modern coffin for the visitor.Expensive and not green friendly. A product for the squeamish,and silly too.4.00 a pop,and cannot reuse!
I was unimpressed with this trap.  I found it  to be somewhat difficult to put food in, had a very small opening for the mouse - so much so that unless they are very curious, I question whether or not they would enter, and the plastic latch which sets / locks the trap didn't do a good job of actually locking (I even had to throw out one of the traps after a short while b/c the latch wouldn't stay locked).Unfortunately, I currently have a problem with mice.  I have 4 different types of traps: (i) classic spring & wire snap traps from Victor and Tomcat, (ii) glue pads, (iii) Ortho Home Defense plastic traps similar to these, and (iv) these ones.  I find these to be the least effective and most difficult to set of the bunch.  They are, however, somewhat aesthetically inoffensive relative to some of the other types of traps available, and can be placed on the counter without it looking so blatantly like you have a mouse trap there.I would not recommend these, and instead choose another product.Pros:* Decent looking plastic which is relatively inoffensive looking.* Seems like if you did catch a mouse, you wouldn't have to see it afterwards and it would be trapped effectively in the plastic container.Cons:* Fairly large.  Also, for those who are environmentally conscious, it's definitely more \"product\" than an old fashioned wire and spring mouse trap.* The holes for putting food in are very small.* The plastic latch to set the trap didn't do a good job of locking, and on one of the traps I eventually just couldn't getit to happen after a while and I had to throw the trap out.* The mouse can't see / be enticed by the food b/c it's contained in the plastic container.* Small door for the mouse to go through to get to the food (which, however, is more than enough space for a mouse to fit through if they wanted to)* Once food goes in, it's really a pain to get it out, and things like peanut butter are hard to get in there.
These are nice, clean and simple to deploy. I caught one mouse with one and it was easy to take of. The problem is that they are so small that bigger mice and rats can not be caught with these as they simply can't fit inside. Since you rarely know the size of the intended victims, I recommend larger units to catch whatever sized guys you have.
Yes, this works well. The best part is that you don't have to see or smell Mr. Bojangles before you throw him and the trap out. The proof of the hunt is in the kill.
This item is solid and actually pleasant to look at.  You would not know it was a mouse trap unless told.  It is very simple to work, you pull out a small plug, you fill the tiny little cup, about 1/8 tsp, full of peanut butter, and replace with a twist. You then turn the red handle to the furthest point where it will click into place, the tiny little red door will open showing where the critters will enter and that is it.You place the unit where you think there might be mice.  I know how and where they get into my house but if you don't, simply place this unit along a baseboard.  It is recommended that you use more than one per room.The idea is that the little mouse will enter that tiny little hole, and believe me they can get in that tiny hole, and the arm will slam and do the deed.When I first moved to my new home I was not aware of mice, when I heard scratching in my attic I knew it was time for  action.  I tried everything not to have to actually kill them,  That went on for 8 months but when my dog came in the living room with a tail wiggling out of his mouth I knew I had to take drastic actions. So I started to use traps, some worked and some didn't.The best part of this trap is that it seals any and all bodily fluids in the trap, it closes them off so neither you nor your family will have to come into contact with them.There are no poisons of any kind it is all done with force and your peanut butter so it is safe for children and pets, just in cast they get close you have no worries.I knew it would not take long, since I always have a mouse around somehere, after the snow went away and the new snow started I guess they came running in from the cold, again. I kept checking the ones in the kitchen but I forgot the one in the spare room, well this morning I had one.  It usually does not take long to catch a mouse as long as you place the trap in the room they walk through, at least that is my experience.
The day after I received the Victor Kill & Seal Mouse Traps, we saw a mouse in our house. I set up the mouse traps and stood back to see what would happen. You want to know what happened? Nothing. The mouse looked interested in the trap, even crawled on top of it to check it out but did not go inside the trap to get the peanut butter. I also set up some old style snap traps to see what would happen after watching the mouse crawl on top of the new traps. The old style snap traps got the mouse. I don't mind taking out the mouse carcasses to throw them away, but I do wear rubber gloves when I do it. I've NEVER had a mouse make a huge mess when it was caught in an old style snap trap (no blood or guts....maybe just a bit of urine or poo to have to clean up). I think the Victor kill and seal traps are a waste of money and resources. It seems a shame to throw away this plastic container that is going to then sit in a landfill forever. I suppose if you don't like seeing mouse carcasses then this may be a better item for you. I could also see it would probably be handy to use in a cabin or someplace where you wouldn't be all the time to check the traps on a daily basis (which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of just one). For everyday practical purposes though, I would not purchase these traps, I will stick with the old style snap traps. So while these traps may serve a purpose, they are not for me or my home.Update to my review May 2011: I've had these Victor Kill and Seal Mouse Traps in my house since I received them. They have caught NOTHING! I checked the traps on a regular basis and recently found the peanut butter totally cleaned out of one of the traps but the trap never went off. If you would like to provide a nice comfortable home for a mouse, feel free to buy these traps because they are a complete waste of money. I put out some more of the old snap traps and caught my mouse overnight! If I could give these traps a negative star, I would. I have now thrown mine in the garbage because that is all they are....GARBAGE! I'll be sticking with my snap traps from now on. They have never let me down.
This stuff is very potent and long lasting - up to a month. In the State of Washington and a few others, retail pesticide companies only sell to professionals. A consumer can only obtain this chemical through mail order or use ebay.com auctions..Its effectiveness, according to two people in the pesticide field, is due to its unique property. The killing chemical is mixed together with a sticky sugar. Under the microscope, it looks like tiny balls. When an insect walks through an area that was sprayed with Suspend, it stops to eat the delicious substance and dies. If it is not hungry and continues to walk, it steps on one or more of the tiny balls. They stick to its legs..Later on during the day, the insect does personal grooming, the critter cleans itself by licking Suspend off its legs. In the process, it ingests the poison..The pesticide is known to cause allergic reactions to a few people. . . . My wife is allergic to everything, but Suspend is not one of them.
Was suprised but it does work,  I sprayed around my home and also shed and the spiders and roaches have gone at least for now, Living in the south with the humidity and rain now sure how long it will last though,
One room with hardwood floors where I kept a rescue cat and her kittens became infested with fleas. Treated the mother and kittens with Advantage II when they were weaned, and removed them from the room. The boxes and bedding I had in there for them was thrown out. There is nothing on the floor, no curtains, no furniture,  no rug, just an empty room. Seems like that would be easy to rid of fleas, right? I vacuumed then sprayed every square inch of the floor, including window sills and into the baseboards. Some fleas died but the next day there were still live fleas jumping around. Vacuumed every other day. Mixed Suspend with Archer which is supposed to keep the flea eggs and larvae from hatching. Still had fleas live through it and hatch out. Sprayed a third time, this time with 3x the amount specified of both chemicals mixed with water. It has been almost a month and that room still has fleas! That room has been completely locked up and empty other than my vacuuming and spraying episodes. This is just pointless and a waste of money, and made my stomach upset for days after spraying it despite using proper ventilation, and wearing rain boots and rubber gloves.*UPDATE: If you are reading this, you are looking for a solution to your indoor flea infestation. I want to share what I finally found that did work! I mixed three chemicals together at the recommended levels with water:1) Talstar Pro insecticide (active ingredient: 7.9% Bifenthrin)2) Dominion insecticide (active ingredient: 21.4% Imidacloprid)3) Nyguard IGR (active ingredient: Pyriproxyfen)First let me warn that Talstar is not recommended for broadcast spray indoors, however I was willing to try anything that might work. Talstar is a very strong insecticide. Dominion contains the same chemical used in Advantage topical flea treatment (do NOT use Dominion on pets though!). Nyguard stops eggs and larvae from hatching.To mix and spray these chemicals, you must wear a respirator mask and I recommend wearing long pants tucked into rubber rain boots, long sleeves, goggles, and elbow length chemical-resistant gloves. You should crack the windows to ventilate and keep pets and people out of the treated room. After the first spray with this mix, nearly all fleas were DEAD that day! A week later, only a few flea eggs had managed to survive and hatch, and the second spray eliminated them. No return of fleas! Just for good measure, I sprayed a third time (all 3 spraying were 1 week apart), and I left the room with the residue on the floor for several weeks after the last spray. Just be safe I mopped the floors with pinesol twice to remove any trace of the chemicals before allowing any pets to enter the room. This long process may be overly cautious but I didn't want any possibility of a reinfestation by mopping too soon, and I wouldn't take a chance of poisoning to my pets!
This stuff is just a crazy concentrate of super strong insecticide.  I use this in a 5 gallon sprayer.  So far I've filled it like 15 times and I still have over half left.  Follow the directions on what insecticide strength is needed for the bug you want to eliminate.
Edit (review after 9 days of use)----Well, I don't think this works very well for scorpions. Maybe it could eradicate them over time by killing their food source (bugs) but it seems ineffective at killing scorpions directly. After treating the whole perimeter of the house outside, and all the baseboards and crevices inside, I found another live scorpion in the house last night. The product has been in place for over a week, and a supplementary application was made a few days ago \"just to be sure I hadn't missed any areas\".  The scorpion I found last night must have walked across one of the treated areas to get where it was.For scorpion control I would look elsewhere. I have ordered a different product Cy-Kick CS Controlled Release Cyfluthrin Insecticide. If you are trying to control scorpions then look for my review on that product in a few weeks time.It does a good job of controlling spiders, roaches, and other bugs, just not scorpions.On a different note, cats are great at hunting scorpions, they may not always kill them, but they alert you to their presence. Finally, our lazy good for nothing layabout cats are earning their keep . . . .original review:-------------We killed 4 scorpions in our home over the past 6 months, and we suspect there have been more we didn't see.I filled in crevices and cracks, weatherstripped doors, and removed as much of their favorite habitat from around the outside of the home as possible.Failing eradication by none chemical methods we bought some Suspend Sc. I sprayed the whole house outside perimeter and the baseboards of the rooms we had seen the scorpions in. Just 2 days later I was awoken after being stung 3 times by a scorpion in my bed. We caught and killed the scorpion with the aid of a shoe.I'll update this review after 6 months of use. As of today I was bitten for the first time by a scorpion, so the application didn't seem to have any effect so far.Granted the scorpion may have been in the bedroom and not come in contact with the pesticide. Its unfair to say it doesn't work as the scorpions may simply have not contacted it. But this is a warning to those buying the product, it may take a while to solve your problem so stay vigilant and check your surroundings as before; continue to shake out shoes and boots, etc.Today I am stripping the bedroom from top to bottom and applying the chemical to every place I can. I'll report back on any success.The chemical did down some common house flies that were on the outside of the home and which came in to contact with the spray when I was applying it. I'm not just trying to kill houseflies though.Here in my part of Texas the scorpions are not usually lethal. It was a little scary to be bit 3 times though, especially when my tongue started to swell. Hopefully this product will get rid of our unwelcome house guests.
Spring is on its way here in Kansas, but it hasn't arrived yet, so I can't do a video review showing really cool weeds, but, since all of our snow had melted by this morning, I was able to experiment with this a bit on an early patch of grass in our front yard.ASSEMBLY: There were three parts to assemble together, the cover and the front \"bale\" handle needed to be assembled to the basic edger.The cover for the edger went on using ONE Phillips head screw. It assembled easily.The bale handle was supposed to go on equally easily, however I ran into a slight snag, when the hex wrench (included in the top handle) wouldn't come out. I finally was able to pry it loose using a flat-head screwdriver. After that, it was a simple matter of removing the four screws, lining it up where I wanted it on the edger, and replacing the hex nut screws.BATTERY: The battery comes without a full charge and it is recommended that you charge it completely before using it. The recommended time is 10 hours.  The length of time the battery operates is based on speed. Information on Amp Hours and run time are included in the specs above.Tim from \"Tooltime\" (Home Improvement) would get really excited about this tool, because not only does this powerful trimmer/edger have a 24 volt battery (instead of the standard 18 volt), but it also has 2 speeds! At the top speed, it will cut 60 square feet a minute - and spins at 9000 RPM. It made ME feel pretty powerful just turning it on!The lower speed is intended for regular use and will conserve your battery.USAGE: When I tested it, on the lower speed, it cut the small patch of grass that had already come up easily AND did a nice job of edging along the sidewalk (it changed positions with the push of a button). The 13\" swath is a nice size for a bit of grass trimming. Also, the safety switch can be held from either side, and it fit my small hand easily, making my task a bit easier.Without any really big weeds to check it out on, I took a small tree branch (about 1/4 inch) and let loose. It went straight through without breaking the string. I am now looking forward to \"hitting the big weeds\" with it this summer and watching them fall as easily as the tree branch.But the best part of all (for me at least) is its adjustability. I'm short and my husband is tall. This often means that equipment that I buy doesn't fit him, and I am unable to use equipment that he purchases. In this case, both the length of the handle is easily adjustable (a simple twist lets you expand or contract), AND the bale handle can be adjusted to the location that best suits your physical characteristics.I was a little worried about the weight (about 2 pounds heavier than the standard one), but it wasn't the problem I expected. AND, it's a lot more handy for the area I normally \"trim\" since the yard area extends 60 feet - and the electric trimmer I've used in the past uses a 50 foot extension cord - so I'm always short a few feet, and I have to unwind and rewind the extension cord without \"trimming it\" along the way.I've used battery-powered Black and Decker products in the past (including a hedge trimmer) and I have been pleased with the long-term battery use. Since this is a new battery, I will update my review if I experience any problems with it over the long haul.However, after checking it out on my \"early spring lawn,\" I am more than impressed with the power and capabilities of this trimmer/edger.My only negative comment is that while it is advertised as \"environmentally friendly,\" I do have to admit that an electric trimmer/edger with an extension cord does NOT have a problem of battery disposal - which is an environmental concern. It most likely IS more environmentally friendly than a gas powered trimmer.Five Stars!
I thought I'd try something different this time and post a bunch of real NONtouched-up pictures with captions and comments.  (Minus the enthusiastic, curiously clean, gardeners.)My yard is greater than one acre, with lots of sidewalk, and a large water ditch.  So I wanted a cordless trimmer, easy to carry, relatively quiet, and did not emit smelly fumes.  That's why I went with my old 18V trimmer, but honestly, it took multiple batteries to get the job done.  I accumulated six 18V batteries.  Since they are Ni, there is a finite lifespan to them depending on how many charge cycles you put them through.  (I also have the BD cordless hedger, blower, and polesaw).After a couple weeks of trial use, I am happy.  Overall, the power and battery life of this 24V trimmer is way better than my old BD 18V trimmer.  The trimmer handled the overgrown hay around the water ditch like a warm knife through butter, esp. with the boost mode.  I just take one battery, instead of 2-3 18V's, to get the same amount of work done.  Edging is easy, and the head is easily rotated to help you with steep hills, or flat lawn.  I highly recommend safety glasses as bits of stuff go everywhere and judging from the stick parts that hit my leg, they're going pretty fast.  Yes, the trimmer will easily cut through small old dead sticks with ease.Compared to the older 18V trimmer, there are a few design changes for the worse.  The thumb safety power button has been moved from the top to the side of the trimmer.  It's ambidextrous, i.e. the button is both the left and right side of the trimmer handle.  It's harder to push this one down with the power button.  Also, for some reason, maybe just my unit, the trimmer will quit on me, and I'll have to try the power and trigger button a couple times to get it going again (loose connection?)  The extra handle on the older model was better as well, any angle you want with a turn of a knob and more rounded handle.  This 24V handle requires adjustment with a hex wrench of 4 bolts and is limited in its rotating positions because of a divet in the aluminum shaft.  As for weight, well the 18V is definitely lighter, though the 24V is pretty light compared to the gas trimmers I tried.  Should I take off one star?No, I'll give it five stars since bang for the weight, this is a very good trimmer.  For all the conveniences of a battery trimmer, this is a worthwhile yard equipment investment.  The boost function really demonstrates the power cutting ability of this tool and that's what I like the most about it.Again, please see the pictures in customer images above.
It seemed good, I charged the battery, did the simple assembly, and the next day advanced to the front yard with what seems a very powerful unit.  It cut like a pro, but I noticed it was advancing line automatically every time it touched anything but grass.  Within two minutes it had spilled out all the line on the spool, with little four inch plastic line pieces everywhere.  The spool ran out in under two minutes!  I want you to understand that it was a factory refreshed unit, but obviously they did not fix the original problem.  I wrote Black and Decker and they are sending a \"clutch spring\".  It is not nice to buy things that are not working on delivery.  Quality control should be better than this!  Right now, I am unhappy.I will try to stop back later if it ever works right.
I purchased the18-volt modela year ago and was slightly disappointed with the power it provided and the length of time the battery lasted.  Power-wise, this 24-volt model is much better and is worth the price difference over the 18-volt model.  But the battery still only lasts 15-20 minutes (depending on usage).I live in the mountains where we have a winter that lasts in excess of 8 months, so I was excited when the snow finally melted and I was able to put this trimmer to the test.  This unit tore through all of the tough grass, weeds, and dead plants in my yard.  The \"boost\" feature really helps cut through the tough stuff quickly and performs much better than the 18-volt model.However, much like the 18-volt model, I was disappointed when this unit started slowing down around 15 minutes of use and became unusable around 20 minutes.  But since this model can also use the 18-volt batteries (of which I have three), I just popped in one of those and finished the job.This model is definitely a bit heavier than the 18-volt model, but it's still not too heavy.  A large percentage of the weight comes from the battery itself (which is substantially larger than the 18-volt battery).This trimmer is a good value.  It truly outperforms my other trimmer.  Personally, I can overlook the relatively short battery life of these trimmers because a corded model is not an option for me, and since I have those extra batteries I wasn't too inconvenienced.  However, if your job will frequently take more than 15-20 minutes, I'd definitely recommend either purchasing extra batteries or looking at other makes/models.
I got this for my husband to replace our aging gas trimmer. We had recently gotten a Black & Decker CM1936 19-Inch 36-Volt Cordless Electric Lawn Mower which he loves. Thinking this would be as good as that product, we were happy to continue with our effort to \"go green.\"  Well, after just a couple of uses, it's been sitting in the garage while the old but reliable gas trimmer has gotten a second lease on life.There are a number of reviewers who have already gone into detail on the issues with this trimmer, so here is a summary per my husband:Positives:1) Battery-powered is \"green\" technology and avoids the gas fumes.2) The trimmer is very powerful and easily handles tough areas.Negatives:1) The battery has a very short life. We have a small yard and my husband was barely able to finish it with this trimmer. With a bigger yard, it wouldn't be possible to get done on one charge. The charging time is long, so forget about finishing in one day if you fall into this category (it takes about 9 to 10 hours to recharge).2) The string runs out in no time. My husband noticed it breaking off in small chunks (fortunately he was wearing jeans unlike a previous reviewer that got bloodied from string chunks hitting his ankles).3) The mechanism for running the unit was difficult to hold down comfortably.All in all the idea behind this trimmer is good, but the execution lags (unlike their lawnmower). Hopefully Black & Decker will go back to the drawing board and come out with an improved model that addresses these issues.
I have been switching to non-gas powered tools for years not just because they are \"environmentally friendly\" but for several reasons: they don't stink, I don't have to buy gas, they are quieter, don't run when sitting idle, and are less to maintain. The 24 volt B&D; trimmer fits the bill.What I likeIt feels sturdy. The shaft is aluminum and the rest is a sturdy plastic. I have the 18 volt which has lasted for years. I haven't dropped it off the roof but probably never will.Handle is easily adjustable with the included allen wrench. While the 18 volt has a simple knob to loosen the handle, the allen wrench on this one is attached so it is always with the unit and only takes a minute to loosen it up and adjust it. I doubt it will be changed that often - I never did change my old one. The handle is also secure so that it can't turn, it only slides up and down.Switching from trimming to edging is very easy. You simply push a button and turn the motor end of the unit.The telescoping shaft is easy to adjust the length of the unit. Just loosen and extend or shorten it.Quiet. The only noise is the sound of the cutting line. Nothing you can do about that.Power Command feature. The unit runs very well normally for what I use it for so I don't know what Boost mode would be used for unless you trim trees or something. It definitely gives it a boost.What is really cool is that the 18 volt batteries on my old one work on this one too! So now I have 3 batteries. I doubt I will run out of juice.What I don't likeActually there really isn't anything I don't like about it. Some may be concerned about the weight, although it is going to be less than a gas powered model. The battery life may be a concern but I haven't run out yet. We'll see how things grow this summer but since I have 3 batteries (2 from my old unit) I shouldn't have a problem!Highly recommend this unit.
I love this trimmer.  I have a large property that has weed areas far apart.  Not having to drag a 50' to 100' cord around is heaven.  As for the battery, it's fine.  I've never run out of juice.  I also don't try working until all the work is finished.  In fact this product started with my collecting several other cordless tools.  I love them. They sure have improved cordless tools
After having used traditional corded trimmers over the last 10 years, I've always wanted to give one of these a try. I don't like gas-powered trimmers, which is why I've always used corded devices. The biggest problem with corded trimmers is managing the cord. Because of that inconvenience, I generally would not use a trimmer every time I mowed the lawn. This product helps eliminate all of that hassle, and actually allows me to trim/edge every time I mow the mow. It simply makes the whole process more convenient.Some assembly is required. The handle attaches using a propriety wrench, which is included. Once attached, the handle isn't easily adjustable, so I recommend trying to get it in that \"sweet spot\" before you completely attach it.The most notable complaint I have about the product is its weight. Because of the rechargeable battery, it weighs much more than any corded trimmer I've ever used. And since the battery attaches to the top of the unit, it's top-heavy. I workout regularly, and holding this trimmer for the entire session is quite a challenge -- my arm simply cramps-up because I'm holding my arm in an unnatural position while I use it.The battery takes 10 hours to completely charge. Typically I mow and trim on Saturday or Sunday, so I have to make sure I charge the battery starting on Friday evening. The charger is a separate unit you can put in your house, and the battery slides into it. An indicator will tell you when it is completely charged -- and trust me, it takes a full 10 hours. I wouldn't bother charging it less, because a full charge does not last entirely long. My lot is about 80 feet by 120 feet, and the charge lasts just long enough to complete the trimming/edging of my entire property. If you have a larger lot, forget it -- you'd have to split the task between two days, because you'll need to charge the battery another 10 hours.In terms of power, it's not that different from any of the corded models I've used. It cuts thicker over-grown areas with ease. There is a \"boost\" option, but using this option greatly reduces battery life. Even while edging, it seems to have enough power to edge really well. I have no complaints about it's functionality.One thing I find inconvenient is that the trigger has a safety release -- you have to slide a switch so that the trigger is released. I can understand why this safety feature has been added -- to avoid accidental starting by children or when servicing the device. However, it is quite difficult to manipulate on this model. It also means you can't really run the device in \"short bursts\" (as if revving it up), because holding the safety switch in will cramp your hand.The product uses a standard Black and Decker feeder spool, which is good, because I have several spares. You can either buy the pre-wound spools as replacements, or you can thread your own. It's easy to replace. It's auto-feeding and auto-cutting, so you don't need to \"bump\" the bottom of the trimmer in order to advance and cut the string.I'm quite happy with this product, but probably only because a charge lasts just long enough to complete the trimming/edging of my own property. I think it is just as good as any other trimmer I've used. I'd recommend it for small lots, especially if you're looking for a replacement for a gas or corded trimmer -- especially for a corded one.
QUICK SUMMARY:  This Black & Decker cordless trimmer/edger has more power to cut through stubborn St. Augustine grass shoots, but a few minor design complaints and a short-lived battery life keep it from being a 5-star product.  Recommended!What I LIKED:- 24 volt battery pack creates power that rivals a gas-powered trimmer- easily mowed through thick, overgrown, St. Augustine grass- quickly cut the St. Augustine grass shoots spreading over my sidewalk- uses its predecessor's 18-volt battery packs, too!- assembly was a cinch to do- stronger shaft is now made of strong, lightweight aluminum (not plastic)What could be improved:- the trigger to activate the trimmer/edger requires too much pressure to hold down, so using this unit for more than a few minutes grows tiring after a while- removing and reinstalling the allen wrench (used to reposition the handle) is hard to do- the battery life still isn't long-lasting enough to fully trim/edge my lawn- adjusting the handle requires using the allen wrench, so it's not easy to have two people of different heights using the same trimmer/edgerBackground:This is my second Black and Decker cordless trimmer/edger.  My first one has just about died now after a few years of use.  The shaft on my old unit is made of plastic, and the weight of the unit stressed the middle of the shaft to the point where it cracked and had to be kept together using duct tape.  I was happy to see, then, that this new Black & Decker trimmer/edger has a shaft made of aluminum now, which should be more durable.I live in Florida, and our lawn is made of St. Augustine grass.  If you're not familiar with St. Augustine, it's like crabgrass except it's highly heat tolerant and it isn't a weed.  St. Augustine spreads via spreading grass shoots, and those grass shoots grow over my front yard sidewalk.  They're very hard to cut while edging my sidewalk, even when I had a gas-powered trimmer/edger.  My old B&D; trimmer/edger, which uses 18-volt battery packs, struggled to cut the thickest grass shoots and it took quiet a long time to edge my 50-foot-long sidewalk.Using the Trimmer/Edger:In my first time using this trimmer/edger, I was pleasantly surprised at how much power it seemed to have over my 18-volt trimmer/edger.  The 24-volt battery pack that comes with this unit delivers a lot power that, I think, rivals my old gas-powered trimmer/edger.  I had a large, very overgrown patch of St. Augustine grass over my septic system's drain field that needed to be whacked away before I could mow over it.  This trimmer easily cut through the thick St. Augustine grass with no trouble -- and this was without even using the power boost setting that is available on this model!The harder task came when edging my sidewalk.  I had St. Augustine grass shoots that hadn't been edged in months now, growing over my 50-foot sidewalk.  Using this trimmer, I was able to pretty quickly cut through those hard-to-cut grass shoots.  The task went much more quickly than when I was using my old 18-volt trimmer/edger.Unfortunately, I ran out of power before I could complete the edging of my sidewalk.  I got 75% finished before the battery pack's power noticeably waned.  In sum, I probably worked about 20 minutes total whacking a large, overgrown grass patch in my front yard and edging 75 feet of my sidewalk (I completed one 50 foot stretch on one side of my sidewalk, but then only 25 feet of the opposite side of the sidewalk).Here's one good thing, though:  this trimmer/edger works with all my 18-volt battery packs!  So, I was still able to finish my lawn using my 18-volt battery packs.  If you've already invested in some of the 18-volt battery packs, you'll really appreciate the backwards-compatibility of this new Black & Decker trimmer/edger.Because the handle requires loosening and retightening four screws, it's not going to be easy to share this trimmer/edger with another person in your family who is of a substantially different height than you are.  It would have been better to design a handle that could be readjusted without screws.My biggest design complaint is the finger pressure that's required to keep the power-on trigger depressed.  It requires substantially more effort to hold down the finger trigger on this new, 24-volt trimmer/edger than my old Black & Decker trimmer/edger.  After about 10 minutes of grass-whacking, I required frequent rests to my finger that was holding down the power-on trigger.  I also don't like the safety lock that you have to slide and hold firstly before you can depress the power-on trigger -- I think it's in an awkward position for your thumb to get to.Conclusion:Black & Decker certainly improved their cordless trimmer/edger by giving it a 24-volt battery pack.  It now has power that rivals a gas-powered trimmer/edger.  It also has an improved build quality using aluminum instead of plastic in the shaft.  But this trimmer/edger's power is short-lived still.  Unless you have a very small lawn with very easy-to-cut grass, you'll run out of power before the job is done.  And if that's the case, you'll want to buy a 2nd battery pack so you finish the job.  I'm actually very impressed with this Black & Decker cordless trimmer/edger, and will be happy to use it more frequently now that the warm weather has arrived.Recommended!
Every year my dad and his best friend go out and cut the bushes. They make a weekend out of it, trimming the bushes and trees and then parlaying stories of how hard the tasks were since they had to accomplish all the tasks using cutting shears and saws. This year, aided byBlack & Decker NHT524 24-Volt 24-Inch Cordless Electric Dual-Action Hedge Trimmerthe task of cutting all the bushes and several two-story trees in about 20 minutes. The hedges were trimmed neatly, as if someone drew a line and used a laser to point the trimmer. The effort spent on the cutting of the trees and the bushes was minimal at best.The tool has the following pros: it's easy to use; comes with several safety features - you must press each button separately in order to operate the machinery and there is a case for the blade of the trimmer that's useful for storage; it trims hedges in a very straight, perfect line; the battery has a long life - it was adequate for the cutting and trimming of all the hedges and tall bushes around a single-family house. Additionally, the box in which it arrived from amazon had the trimmer packaged neatly, with plenty of careful packaging to assure safe delivery and safety upon opening.The cons are minimal. The trimmer should be handled with both hands for optimal results in trimming the hedges straight. The battery is long-lasting but makes the trimmer heavy for a small woman to handle.The most important negative aspect of the trimmer is also the best positive aspect of the item, with the jobs of trimming the hedges, your dad will want to play with this toy but will inevitably be unable to do so as it will cut the trimming time to less than half an hour.
This hedge trimmer works great. Very easy to use and handle. I hated the old gas one I had. Hated dealing with the gas, fumes and worst of all having to start it up. With this one you just plug the rechargeable battery and you are good to go instantly. It is fairly light and easy to handle. It actually does a great job on the hedges. Charge last pretty long when doing light jobs. When you are dealing with thicker branches it still does a great job but battery last less. Overall the trimmer has come through compared to the overpowered gas trimmer I had. This trimmer is great for those who want to maintain their own hedges and don't want to deal with gas, fumes and starting the sucker up.
I have no complaints with this trimmer at all. I love that it is electric powered so it doesn't contribute any direct pollution into the environment. Not to mention that it's cheaper to operate on electric than on gasoline. The fact that it's cordless is incredibly convenient and eliminates any safety concerns like accidentally cutting the electric cord or tripping on the electric cord and cutting yourself. It's also nice not having to fight with a tangled up electric cord that tends to get wrapped up on everything as you work.The trimmer weighs 10.7 lbs which is slightly heavier than some of the corded models but that is due to the large 24 Volt battery pack that is installed. However I don't think that it's too heavy or awkward to carry around. In fact I think it's balanced very well so it's comfortable to hold and work with. The battery pack will fully charge in 9 hours and so far it seems to hold a charge very well. I have used these types of battery packs on my cordless drill and they hold a charge very well. There has been times when I haven't used it for months and it still has a good charge left in it.The blades are 24 inches long and are the longest of any hedge trimmer that I have seen so far. I have used them on shrubs of various sizes and it worked wonderfully. It also worked well on my rose bushes except for a couple branches that are about  inch wide. It seemed to break these branches rather than cut them. I would probably use this for  inch or smaller branches. Other than that it cut like a hot knife going thru butter.It also has some important safety features that I like. It has a vinyl cover that slides over the blades during storage. It also has a guard that separates the blade from the handle and it has a two button activation which makes it unlikely that a small child could turn it on and get hurt. If you have small children in your household I would suggest removing the battery pack during storage to be on the safe side.It comes with a 2 year warranty and a special 30 day risk free trial. This way you can try it out and if for some reason you don't like it then you can return it for a full refund. After trying this hedge trimmer I couldn't imagine using anything else. It's so easy and quiet to use and it works wonderfully.
Compared to the standard gas and plug in trimmers, battery power offers many advantages.  This unit does a great job of demonstrating those benefits, although parts quality could be upped a bit.Pros:-Battery power is awesome!  No cord or gas fumes.  Super portable and much quieter.  Very little vibration.-Super long blade at 24\"-Weight isn't bad and not nearly as tiring as other trimmers.Cons:-Battery is Nicd.  This is the oldest and least advanced rechargeable type out there.  Charge takes a long time (~10 hours), and runtime for me was about 30 minutes.-\"Safety\" switch must be depressed while running it.Overall I think this trimmer delivers on what it promises.  Battery powered is definitely superior to the other options in trimmers.  If you need something professional grade this is not it, but I recommend it for home use.
Black & Decker in Europe is synonymous with high quality craftstools for the semi-professional and the do it yourselver!In USA however, it is known as a run off the mill, common Chinese company, that at best can do what it's supposed to do, but the rest of the device is made out of plastic, not withstanding daily abuse!In this case the same! The device can cut thick bushes, and when trying to cut a thick branch, it can cut through 0,75\" branch, if you cut it from 2 sides.0.66\" ,like mentioned, is about the max branch you can cut from one side.However, the blades are made of some sort of light material! When using the blades to move 3-5 pounds of light wood cutting away from you, the blade bends.Yes, it seems to be made out of lightweight, low strength aluminum, that even your 5 years old son in law can bend!So the blades are created out of very 'soft' steel, with perhaps hardened cutting edges; or the holder is made out of very soft steel, and the blades are made out of spring steel; being bendable!Another bad about this device is that the power cord keeps on falling out, the provided cord holder/cable lock on the back of the handle does not work very well.My power cord still falls out of it.This brought to mind another security and safety issue, I have never thought B&D; has never thought of:Namely: When the power disconnects, and you have the power trigger lock on, the power switch does not de-activate. In other words, plugging in the device while the switch is locked, would immediately activate the device!When it's facing down, it could cut your leg or feet!Then again, a hedge saw is a dangerous tool that should not be in an environment near children or people who should not use them!Second to last, the device is pretty loud. Not loud enough to hurt your ears, but loud enough to not have it run next to your head all the time!And lastly, I've noted that all B&D; tools that I've bought in US, you have to mount some parts by yourself. Usually with Philips screws, without a screwdriver provided. No biggie for most MEN, but it might be for someone who expects the device to be ready and working out of the box!The good is that it's pretty cheap, and lightweight. I am not very strong, and have long arms, and barely can stretch out the device (is like lifting a 15 pound dumbbell) with a single stretched arm.The blade can turn 90 degrees, but I won't be needing that.It's purely made for hedges, and small bushes, not small trees!
It took me a while to write this review because I had to wait until our bushes grew to the point of needing a good trimming.  Well, I waited plenty long because I gave this trimmer a good workout.  Here's what I liked:1.)  I like that I don't have to worry about accidentally nicking the electric cord as I did several times on my other hedge trimmer.  It's got several places where I had to wrap black electrical tape around it.2.)  Light weight enough that I (female) can use it without it killing my arms.  I have some tall shrubs and I had to lift the trimmer almost over my head to cut them back.3.)  It cuts very good.  The blade is sharp and long enough, and the motor is powerful enough to cut through some thicker stems ~ around 1/4\" in diameter.4.)  The battery lasted right at an hour.  Although it says it will run for 2 hours it probably will if there isn't any stress on the motor to actually cut something.  I was able to do a great deal of serious hedge trimming within an hour.The only thing I didn't like and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that the safety button has to be pressed the entire time with your thumb while cutting or else the trimmer won't work.  My hand got very tired of having to keep the button depressed the entire time.  Next time I'm just going to keep it pressed with duct tape.
I haven been using this in the front and back yard. This came in handy to cut the bushes in back of the pool. This is light weight and cuts the leaves and small branches in an even stroke, I also like that it is rechargeable and you dont have to worry about adding gas or your clothes smelling like gas.  I can say this is a little gem, Cuts quickly and evenly. takes me less then 15 minutes to do the back yard, where hedges took me an hour,
I bought this last year (2010) and I've used it about 8 or 9 times since then, on bushes and groundcover of compressed length about 50 feet or so.The 24-volt battery is L-O-O-N-G lasting -- I typically use it 2-3 times before I can hear the trimmer beginnning to lose power.  It's been charged maybe 3 times over the past year.  The standard charger is OK but I also bought the quick charger, which works great, that charges the battery in 1 hour.  The blades are so sharp I can actually shape my bushes and groundcover instead of just cutting off the longer growth or making several forcing passes to get things even.With its 24-inch length and my 20-24 inch reach and a slight bend at the waist, I can reach to 5 feet to the back of several hedges.  It trims low-lying evergreen groundcover with no hesitation.  In fact, it breezes through all the hedges, bushes and grouncover without a sweat.  I love it!  It's the best piece of garden equipment I've ever owned. I actually enjoy using it.The weight isn't bad for its size and the trimmer is reasonably well-balanced for its size and weight.Now if only Black and Decker would produce a 24-volt string trimmer with the capability of this hedge trimmer I'd buy it in a heartbeat.Update:  Oops, I now see that Black and Decker makes a 24-volt string trimmer.  It's now on my buy list.
This hedgetrimmer is very convenient to handle and operate.  Just charge the battery, snap the battery at the back, wear your goggles, and you are good to go.It comes with a 120V battery charger. You will need to plug the battery 9 hours for a full charge; 11 hours, if you are just charging the battery for the very first time.  A full charge will last you at least 30 minutes of operation. A 2-hourBlack & Decker BDFC240 9.6 Volt to 24 Volt Battery Charger For NST1024 String Trimmer And NHT524 Hedge Trimmercan be purchased if you want faster charging. The extra battery weight is balanced out with the extra 2\" of blade on the other end, making it less clunkier and easier to handle.  If you are not planning to cut you neighbors' yard, this trimmer will fit more than your needs.Pros:- No fumes.  No string to pull.  More friendly to the environment.  Less pollution.- Cordless.  If you are not familiar using hedgetrimmers, the cord can be very dangerous.  If someone tripped or accidentally tug the cord, it may cause you to lose control of the tool, or worst flip it and cut your self or others.- Much more quiet than the fuel type.- Dual action means less vibration and easier handling.- Bigger and more powerful battery.  Coupled with the 3/4\" blade, the extra power will let you cut bigger twigs and branches.- Longer blades.  You will appreciate the additional 2 inch especially if your hedges are much taller than you are.- Wide safety hand guard that separates the blade from the handle.Cons:- Nicad battery.  Using a Li-ion will make the trimmer less heavy and can retain the juice for much longer time.  If you trim your hedge and bushes just once a month, you may need to charge the unit everytime prior to your yard work.- A pound heavier than its 18V predecessor model.
I bought this as separate components since it was less expensive. This is a copy of my review.Pros:* No electrical cord* Powerful 24V battery cuts through (softer) branches up to 3/4\" thick* Battery is big enough to finish most home trimming jobs on one charge* At 24\", it has one of the longest trimmers making for faster cleaner hedge trims* Contrary to what you've read, it does *not* take 9 hours to charge. It took me about 4-6 hours for the initial charge* At a bit more than $110, it's a very good value for a trimmer of this sizeI got tired of dragging out a 100 foot electrical cord to trim the hedges and bushes and more often than not, I'd cut right through the electric cord and have to stop and fix the cord.Even though this B&D; trimmer is battery powered, it cuts through just about everything without protesting. I finished trimming all the brushes and hedges in a fraction of the time compared to my B&D; electric trimmer.At about 7 pounds, I can hold the trimmer out with just one hand to reach the back of the hedge so I don't have to keep moving the big step ladder.Cutting through thick branches eats up a lot of the battery so after about an hour of heavy usage I could hear the battery running low on power but it was still quite usable for light leaf cutting.  With normal routine trimming, the battery would have lasted much longer.While I didn't time it, the battery took about 4-6 hours (the battery packaging states that it takes 9 hours) to initially charge.  Recharges also take a substantial amount of time.  If you typically have a lot to trim, I'd suggest buying another battery or two so that you can complete your project without having to wait.The trimmer can cut through 3/4\" of softer branches. For tough 3/4\" branches, you'll need a saw or big clippers.It's a great hedge trimmer that I wish I had bought sooner since I hated trimming with an electric cord.  Now whenever the wife asks me to trim something, I grab the trimmers and take care of it immediately; this makes her very happy.Note: At the time I bought this, buying the trimmer, battery and recharger as separates was less expensive than buying the entire unit.
Not having a cord makes all the difference in the world. The trimmer is well-balanced and fairly easy to use. The trigger is a bit stiff and it was a little difficult for my wife to wield about. However, I loved it. No more accidentally cut cords and sparky surprises.
This is a good homeowner-quality hedge trimmer.  It's not designed to be a commercial tool, nor is it priced in that category....there are other choices if you need to spend three hours a day trimming hedges.  All-in-all, though, I like it.Pros:- 24\" blade provides extra reach over most other trimmers.  Even the corded and gas powered units are mostly in the 18-22\" range.- The 24 volt battery should provide (at least theoretically) more power than the 18 volt versions.  Being battery powered, you have, of course, unlimited portability.- Well balanced and easy to hold.  This is obviously important if you're going to use it for any length of time.- A 3/4\" branch will fit between the teeth.  Anything larger and you need a good pair of loppers.- Being bright orange, it's almost impossible to accidentally leave it outside.Cons:- Only one battery is included with the trimmer.  Fully charged, it lasted for roughly 20 minutes of cutting time.- The standard charger takes NINE HOURS to charge the battery.- The battery is Nickel Cadmium, not Nickel Metal Hydride, or a lighter weight, higher energy-density Li-ion battery.  NiCd batteries have a fairly rapid self-discharge cycle...just sitting on a shelf, a fully charged cell will lose a significant amount of charge in a couple of months.  They also suffer from a significant memory effect.  If you repeatedly only partially discharge the battery, it'll eventually lose the ability to retain a full charge.- A spare battery and a high-speed two-hour charger are available, but basically double the initial cost.- The blade cover works, but it's thin floppy vinyl.  I doubt it cost over 5 cents to make.It was really a toss-up to give this three or four stars.  The battery is clearly its weak point.  My standards for tools are pretty high.  As I said at the beginning, this isn't designed for heavy-duty use; rather it's targeted at homeowners.  And from that perspective, it's pretty good.  It's certainly fine for my needs.
I really selected this item for my husband since he is the one that does most of the kind of things around the house that this would be used for, but I decided to give this one a try myself. I was really surprised at how light this item was, even with the battery pack installed. I thought my arms would get tired quickly while using this, but they didn't. I was also very pleased that the item doesn't vibrate much, at least not enough to bother me. I can't use string trimmers because they vibrate too much and make my hands hurt. I did not have that problem with this hedge/bush trimmer. The battery does take a long time to charge, so be sure if you think you are going to want to use this item that you plug your battery in the night before to charge. I let the battery charge overnight before using it the first time and used it for 20 minutes. The trimmer worked just as well towards the end of the 20 minutes as it did at the beginning of the time. I then went back a week later to use it a little more and the battery still had a good charge left in it. Some of the trimming I did had some pretty thick branches to it. It easily cut through branches up to 1/2 inch thick, but I found the trimmer bogged down and really had to work much harder to get through anything bigger than that up to 3/4 of an inch. So while the description says that this will work on items up to 3/4 of an inch thick, I would say 1/2 inch is a much better cut off. Yes, it will cut 3/4 inch thick items, but it really has to work to do it. My husband really liked the trimmer and will get a lot of use out of it since we have a lot of bushes to trim every year. I've already had other family members ask if they can borrow it to do some of their trimming. I will be interested in seeing how long the blades will stay sharp after a lot of use. Overall I am very pleased with this item and it does what it says it will do.
First let me state that I firmly believe an electric lawn mower is one of the best things you can buy. A typical gas mower is more polluting than 11 cars. And in addition to the environment that pollution is going straight into you. Would you want to be right behind the exhaust from 11 cars for as long as it take to mow your lawn? I didn't think so. You also have gas and oil spills again polluting the environment and yourself. You have so many maintenance costs with a gas mower that an electric mower virtually pays for itself.This is our second electric mower. It replaces a Neuton 14 inch mower that we used for many years and that we loved. It was getting time for another battery on the Neuton and I knew I wanted to go with a 19 inch mower this time. Based on the good reviews of the Black and Decker I decided to give it a try. So far I have been very impressed. We have a 50 by 50 foot backyard, about 8 foot wide side yards (in the middle of a suburban block) and around a 25 by 30 front yard. I can comfortably do the entire yard in one charge.The cut is great, the mower leaves the lawn looking exceptionally good. There is way more power than the old 14 inch mower for tougher spots. The mower is very comfortable to push, it has a great handle. But it is a bit heavy. I could potentially see this being a problem for some people. The handles fold down easily for storage and not only is the mower height super easy to adjust but there is a handy height gage you can read to see how high it is set. It is not as quiet as the Neuton, but around I'd say half the noise of a gas powered mower. The battery is easy to charge, easy to take out and put back in. Basically mowing becomes an easy, non-hazardous, healthy activity. Rather than sometimes a pain you know where and a self-polluting and environmental polluting chore you want to avoid as much as possible.In conclusion I want to say this is not a 100% pollution free activity. The batteries need to be disposed of properly and of course there is pollution associated with the electricity you use. But electricity generated at a power plant is many dozens of times less polluting per unit of energy than the pollution generated at a single gas lawn mower engine. But still this is a remarkable piece of win-win technology. It IS much green
Yesterday was my first outing with my B&D; cordless mower, except for a short trial run after its arrival last month. It was terrific. No worries about spilling gas, checking oil, spark plug, or waking the neighbors.  Really like being able to just put in the battery and take off. I have to admit that I miss the self-propel feature of my previous mower and kept reaching for the lever when pushing up the slight incline which my yard has. Once I get in mowing shape this won't bother me, but it certainly would be a nice to have. Seems to mulch grass and leaves very well. Mowing front and back lawn took about an hour with no noticeable loss of power.  I keep the mower in an outside storage room, folded and covered, and the battery is in the house.I am a 70-year old female and would recommend this mower to anyone, especially ladies who take care of their yards. The battery may get a bit heavy in years to come so I'm trying to think of some sort of wheeled device to help get it back and forth. But not yet.
I am trying to go green with the power tools.  I was using a push-mower for about 6 months (I live in FL).  Recently the storms and sun are bringing more twigs and more frequent requirement for mowing.  It just became too difficult and I hate messing with the gas powered mowers, so I gave this one a shot.  It does have a tendency to get clogged and slow the blade down, with or without the mulcher.  The bag doesn't get very full before this happens, so the area open for the mulcher could be a little bigger to accomodate for longer and thicker grass patches.  Seems like I have stop every few minutes to adjust the bag.  Make sure to always charge the battery fully before using.  Has about 45-60 minutes continuous battery run time, which is more than sufficient for my yard.
I've had this mower just over a month, and am pleased with the purchase.  As a 60+ female with health issues I've found no problems using this mower.  The removable battery is wonderful, and is a feature I was seeking.  I had a Craftsman cordless in the past, but had to discard it after a couple of years because the battery was not removable and could not be replaced.  It was very heavy and difficult to lift, but cut very well.  The B&D is very light-weight (without the battery) and takes up little space as the handle can be folded and the mower can sit upright.  It is important that the lawn be completely dry for best use.  My lawn, front and rear, is on an incline, but mowing is not a problem because of easy handling.  It is also important that the mower be cleared of grass debris underneath to prevent drag when mowing.  It raises easily, and I love not breathing gasoline fumes, or struggling to get the mower started.  I do wish it could raise higher as I do not like my lawn mowed very low, and I cut smaller paths to prevent throwing grass on top of the lawn.  I do not/have not used the grass-catcher as I do not want to drain the battery from drag on the lawn when I mow my fairly thick lawn.  I don't mind as the mower is light-weight, and I enjoy the exercise.  As long as a  battery is available for future replacement when needed, I expect many years of use from this wonderful mower.  I am also pleased the mower is available through Amazon as I could not find it locally.  Thanks Amazon!
This is my second B&D; battery mower, the first one finally gave up the ghost after 10 years of excellent service.  If I can figure out how to remove the batteries from the old one, I'll replace those batteries and have a back up to the new one.  However, I've used this mower about 5 times now and it's just as good as the old one, and I love how easy it is to access the battery.  I didn't buy a replacement battery, waiting to see if this one lasts a long time and I don't want one just sitting on the shelf.  Some of my reasons for buying this battery mower:  no gas, no oil, no spark plugs, no maintenance, and no fumes.  However, the best reasons are ease of use, great cutting power, dependability, just plug in, let it charge, it's ready to go.Follow up:  I am no longer able to pull the battery from the unit.  It appears \"stuck\" and I'm not a weakling.  I have not been able to get any response from the B&D; Customer Support people and I've been trying for 3 weeks now to get some help on how I can \"free\" the battery from the mower.  As it is, I can't recharge the battery, so I can't use the mower.  I have a $400 mower that worked work because the battery is stuck in a position that won't allow the battery to recharge.  If I can't get any help from B&D;, which looks less than promising at this time, I'm dropping my rating to 2 stars.
Update April 2014We've now had this mower for just short of three years. We mow once a week in the spring, summer, and fall, but only once or twice through the winter.The original battery is still working like new, no slowing down while I mow both lawns in about 20 minutes time.We've had no trouble or failures.The only problem we have is the battery sticks in the mower. The only way I can get it out is to grab both battery handles and shake it while I lift. I've cleaned the battery and the battery compartment but it still sticks.I'm very happy with this mower. I'd buy another.Original ReviewI purchased this mower in May of 2011.This is a much appreciated lawn mower. No gas engine to deal with. No gas to pour, No spark plugs to change, No oil to fill, No pulling a cord multiple times to start. No electric cord to tangle and shift out of the way. I love this thing.The battery is always on the charger on a shelf I built. I drop the battery in the mower and mow both the front and back lawns without the speed of the blades slowing at all. If our thick grass is too tall it might slow down but it never stops. I always use mulch mode to drop the trimmings back on the lawn to provide nourishment for the lawn. Our lawns must have about 2,000 sq. ft. of area.The weight is just right. I used to have an AC powered electric lawn mower but it was too light and rode over the grass rather than plowing through it. That led to uneven cuts. This one isn't too heavy to push but not so light as to ride on top of the grass either.We've now used this lawn mower for 18 months straight and are very happy with it. We've had no problems with it. There is a single handle to adjust the height of all four wheels at once.The only thing is there are three things required to operate it. First is a key. We just leave that in all the time. Second is a button on the side to hold while you push down the third thing which is the bar on the handle. I think the bar is the only thing needed and don't see the benefit of the other two. With the battery out and it stored in the shed the kids won't ever be able to start it. I've been tempted to short the button on the side or secure it so it is depressed all the time but I just deal with it.
Great mower if you dont want to use gasoline. Just like a gas powered mower this mower can get bogged down in thick grass. In thick grass I would say that this mower is just not as powerful as a gas mower but you can still get through it if you take your time. We have an average size yard and one battery charge handles both the front and back with ease. The battery removes easily for charging. the only con I saw was that it was rusting at the bottom front where the metal piece is.
very happy with this lawn mower. Ive read complaints about battery life and weight for pushing it and I have no complaints. I have a town house so not much to mow but ive been lazy recently and havent charged the battery and still going strong after 3 mows. I dont know how much I would trust it mowing through heavy weeds but it mows my grass fine weekly. easy height adjustable, nice foam handles to aliviate blisters, easy to push, no pulling cords, no gas to fill or oil to change. love my mower and glad it chose it over the other electrics and especially the gas.
I'll admit it - we've gotten lazy over the last few years and had been using a gardening service for our lawn care.  But after getting this mower we've cancelled the service and my husband is back to mowing the lawn (and enjoying doing it).In the past, he's hated the odor when using a gas mower, but obviously this is not a problem with the Black & Decker battery-powered CM1936. Combine the easy startup, quiet operation, and \"green\" performance of this mower, and it's a winner.We have an average size yard and one battery charge handles both the front and back with ease. The battery removes easily for charging, and I like the fact that our daughter can't accidently start the mower while it's stored in the garage between uses.This mower has worked exactly as advertised and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants to lawnmower that doesn't rely on gas for operation.
I bought this mower from Amazon, and I'm satisfied with it.  I've been using it about 6 weeks.  I have a small front lawn and a relatively small back lawn, probably not more than 2000 square feet in all, and so this mower is overkill.  But the little Bully Lawnpup I'd been using before I moved took nearly an hour to cut; that wasn't any good at all.  My goal was that I wanted to be done with both lawns, start to finish, in 10 minutes - no fooling around with gasoline cans, extension cords, difficult height adjustments, or anything else.  And the B+D delivered.  Here's what I learned:LIKES:I love that the B+D sits at an outlet, handle folded over, and is ready to go when it's time. The battery can be charged in place or out of the mower, which is handy if you're planning to swap batteries for big jobs, but I found it easiest just to leave it there.I like the safety features.  The start button, power key, and grab bar make it nearly impossible to start the mower if you are not intending to, or if you are a small child.  That's excellent.  Yet it's easy to just start and go.  The rubber back-flap reduces rock throws and you really have to go out of your way to get a hand or foot anywhere near the blade path.I love the height adjustment.  There is a small meter and a little squeeze handle; squeeze the handle, pull up or down until the meter reads what you want, let go the handle, and all four wheels 'click' into place.I like the wide track and the ease of handling.  It's fairly easy, given the mower's weight, to navigate it how you want it to go.I like the results.  The lawn is cut, not shredded or torn, and most of the clippings go in the bag.  Because they really want you to mulch, it's designed as a mulching mower; I find that an inch-wide stripe of clippings miss the bag and get laid down under the right wheels.  They blow away in the wind after an hour or so.I like that it arrived so quickly, undamaged.  Yay for Amazon prime shipping.I guess I like how environmentally friendly it is.  My area's served by a nuke plant, so my mowing's carbon-neutral.  It's also relatively quiet compared to gas mowers, though I do use earplugs (and eye and foot protection, always, just like you should too).DISLIKES:The mower is extremely heavy.  72 pounds; 46 lbs of that is battery.  Ugh.The wheels could have benefited from a bit of suspension or at least springiness; and better bearings.  The ride is a little rough and if the ground is even a little uneven, it shows in a sort of unevenly cut lawn.  Bearing down on the front wheels sort of fixes that, but who wants to do that kind of work?The plastic part that holds the battery - battery console, for lack of a better word - cracked within a week.  I don't think it's designed to cope with the weight of this battery.  The problem appears cosmetic only.It's hard to take off the bag.  I got used to reaching down through the handle and lifting the catch bag up between the bars.  No dice here - you have to bend down and move it sideways, out from the mower.  If you empty the mower in a narrow side path, like where most people keep their greenwaste can, it's annoying and you will spill dust off the top of the bag.Clippings, leaves and dust get on the top of the mower and top of the bag under even light use.  They appear to shoot up between the right rear wheel and the plastic blade housing.  I understand that if I were mulching, as they clearly seem to think I am supposed to be, that stuff would get everywhere.  I don't *want* to mulch, because that stuff is nasty and I don't want it everywhere.  I want to catch it and discard it.  Why doesn't it all go in the bag?  It's easily brushed off and swept up, but sometimes this makes me miss my 10 minute window.It's an expensive product.  For the price Amazon is charging, the device ought to be perfect, not just great.  Despite that, if you took mine away I'd buy another one, and I guess that's good enough for government work.
I've only had this mower for a few lawn cuttings, but I like it very much.  Had not had the need for a mower since the mid-1990s, and was delighted to see how far things have come.Operational Pros:  Quiet, no gas smell, no spillage of gas because I overflowed the tank.Storage Pros:  I love the fact that the handle folds down and I can store it upright.  For people without a shed or with limited storage, this smaller footprint is really useful.  Also, the removable battery is great, because I don't have to have the entire mower next to the outlet.  I could even bring the battery inside to charge.Suction/Bagging Con:  Even when the bag is in place, I don't have the feeling it picks up the majority of cuttings.  I know it doesn't pick up all of them, because leaves I would expect to be sucked up are still left behind, albeit mulched.Additionally, the battery means that your mower may not cut your entire lawn without recharging.  I have a pretty small lawn, and it cut my whole lawn, and two weeks later, cut about 1/3 of the lawn before needing recharging.  While this is not much of an issue for me, it may be for those with medium to large lawns.All told, I am delighted with the mower.  The loss of a star is solely because it doesn't pick up as much as I would like in the bag, and that is a purely aesthetic complaint.
We have a small lawn and this 36 volt battery mower is easy to use and it does a great job.  It comes with a bagger, but we always use the mulch option.  It chops up the grass and redeposits it on the lawn.  This is natural fertilizer and allows us to avoid having to rake or collect the grass and place it in an unsightly pile.  The battery is removable.  When we are not mowing the lawn, the battery resides in our garage connected to the charger.  When the light on the charger changes from red to green, we know that the battery is fully charged.  The mower is easy to push.  This mower does not pollute and needs little if any maintenance.  You don't even have to lubricate the wheels according to the manual.  And you don't have to worry about running over a cord!  The mower can cut up to a third of an acre before it needs to be charged.  The mower cuts our front, side, and back lawn on one charge with power to spare and the lawn looks great.
We have an earlier generation of this mower (CMM1000) and recently got the Toro. I've studied the specs and this is probably the only other one I'd consider seriously.  Perhaps it's buyers remorse or the grass being greener on the other side of the fence but as much as I like the Toro, I wish I'd taken a closer look at the CM1936.  For those who want to get local and not risk shipping damage, it appears this is sold nationwide by a blue big box store (as opposed to the orange big box store)&lt;COMPARO>I've put a quick guide of the most popular models on Amazon. All info reported by manufacturer. Amazon won't let me put prices in my review, sorry!MOWER............Path/Volt/Watt-hr......WT............COMMENTSNeuton CE5.3............14\"/24V/240......48#....Plastic deck, Removable batt.B&D; CM1836..............18\"/36V/NA.......64#....Plastic deckGreenworks 25092......18\"/24V/480......95#....Self Propel, Removable BattWorx ECO WG780.......19\"/24V/408......80#....Removable BatteryHaussmann CLM46NU...19\"/24V/NA........94#....Haussmann who??  Metal deckB&D; CMM1200.............19\"/24V/432......76#....Update to our old CM1000B&D; CM1936...............19\"/36V/360.......72#....Plastic deck, Removable BattNeuton CE6................19\"/36V/360.......69#....Plastic deck, Removable BattEarthwise 60120..........20\"/24V/480......92#....Metal deck, Removable BattToro 20360.................20\"/36V/432......77#....Metal deckSolaris/Epic EP21H........21\"/24V/NA......106#....Rmvble batt, self propel, steel&lt;FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS>>>Why SHOULD I get a cordless electric mower? They are super quiet, clean, and convenient. No fumes or exhaust- because gas mowers don't have catalytic converters, they can pollute as much in a year as 43 cars!!!!.  They aren't necessarily cheaper than a gas mower since they cost more up front but there is basically NO maintenance. (We spent $80 over 10 years for a set of replacement batteries.) Corded electric mowers are a cheaper but having a cord is a pain.>>Why SHOULDN'T I get a cordless mower? They weigh a LOT more than gas mowers so if you have a hilly lot or have difficulty with physical exertion, forget it. They don't have as much power as gas and re-fueling means charging for a few hours so if your lot is over  acre you may want to reconsider.>>Why do they all come with mulching PLUS bagging? Electric powered mowers have come a long ways but mulching still takes a LOT more power than discharging, so bagging is pretty much a standard feature.>>What is a watt-hour? It's basically how big your gas tank is - the more watt-hours, the longer you can mow before you have to recharge.>>Is the cutting path a big deal? Yes - for two reasons. 1) The first thing manufacturers do when power is marginal is reduce the blade size, so I tend to see the smaller mowers as more likely to be underpowered. Second, when you consider that you have to overlap each pass by ~3\", a 20\" blade now effectively cuts 13% more on each pass. If you have a larger yard, you definitely do NOT want anything under 18\"  Also, my measurements show most mowers overstate their blade size by 1/2\" (Our 20\" measures 19-5/8, our 19 measures 18-1/2)>>Why might I want a removable battery? If you have a large yard, this means you can have a second battery charging while you are using the first. A second battery typically costs $100-$150 but it can make the difference between going electric or not. Finally, if you keep the mower in a shed that doesn't have power, a removable battery will let you bring it in for charging.>>How long will my batteries last? That depends on your climate and usage. We had a small lot for many years and were religious about recharging right after use. We also live in a cooler climate (Michigan) so it's cooler and the mowing season is shorter. Our batteries lasted ~7 years. Most people should get 3-4 years easily but if you're careless and live in Arizona, you might be able to kill the batteries in a year or two.>>Why should I care about higher voltage? Higher voltage = more power, PLUS you can recharge the mower faster. With the same chemistry and current, a 36V mower will charge 50% faster than a 24V mower.>>Metal deck or plastic? Metal rusts but with minimal care it's not an issue. Plastic ends up giving you a more stuff to trim since you can't cut as close to fences, etc.If you've found this review helpful or have questions/comments, please let me know!
We purchased this for my daughter's yard which is about 2/10 of an acre. She normally only gets about a third of it done before she needs to recharge. However, she is mowing a bunch of thick weeds and has it on mulching mode.Mulching means harder work for the motor, so we are very happy with the handiness.This is lightweight and the battery is installed, so you need to connect this outdoors to charge it up.We have been using it about a month under some very heavy conditions, and it has responded admirably.I have deducted a star because you can't remove the battery for charging so you can have a second one on hand. Still a nice choice, though.
For my use this is PERFECTO !!!I have a small yard. It does the whole yard with power to spare. I keep my lawn short.It is easy to push.The best part no Extension cord. I hate electric mowers w/ extension cords. No gas, oil.best of all it was delivered no charge to my door. As I have a sportscar, an Eclispe, it would be hard to get a mower in and out of it by myself.For thick, long heavy grass it woudln't be so good.It also does as others say the lever that makes it cut higher slips. I dont care I like my grass cut as short as possible.I have had compliments on my yard.
About 13 years ago I bought a battery powered lawn mower made by Black and Decker (I think it was their first).  In many ways it was perfect: quiet, clean, easy to use.  It only had one minor flaw that might discourage the user: it didn't actually cut grass.  It was more of a \"grass brusher\", or perhaps a \"grass massager\" - bathing the grass in a gentle breeze without harming any wildlife, or grass.I'm happy to say that 13 years later B&D; seem to have worked the bugs out.I've been able to use this mower three times now and I'm happier with it each time: it's light, quiet, easy to use, and yes, it cuts grass.  I've even used it to mulch up small branches after pruning with great results.  While not nearly as powerful as my gas mower it actually does a better job of mulching, perhaps because it was clearly designed with mulching in mind.  With my gas mower it always seemed like an afterthought.  I did put the bag on it once: it switches from mulching to bagging easily enough (remove a small block and put the bag on back).  The bag looked a little small but I'll have to wait till summer brings me more grass to really try it out.  That doesn't bother me since I mostly use the bag for cleaning up around sidewalks or to suck up leaves in the fall.Starting it is easy: there is a \"plug\" where you plug in the charger - unplug the charger and plug in a small dongle, push a button and pull on the safety bar and it starts right up.  I'd suggest attaching the dongle to the mower so you don't lose it.  Height adjustment is also really easy: one hand, one wheel, and you're done.  I've had no issues with the charge running out.  I don't have a large yard so I don't expect this to be an issue (my grass area is about 1500 sq ft).  Just to see what would happen I didn't charge it again after the first time I mowed and I got two more mows over three weeks out of it and I might even try for a fourth.  That tells me it should handle a pretty good sized yard (though I should note the battery is not removable so if you have a really big yard you may want to step up to the 19inch model with the removable battery).As mentioned in the description it folds up, something I love.  I live far enough north that I don't need a mower for a good part of the year.  Being able to fold it up into a corner is really nice.  I've definitely decided to ditch the gas mower in favor of this thing.  The only person I could see who would not want this mower would be someone of limited strength since it is not self-propelled.  It's light enough that I have no trouble pushing it up hills, but if you have any physical limitations this is probably not the mower for you.The only thing it doesn't have that I would like is a battery level indicator.  Beyond that this is a fantastic electric mower.Update: I finally got to use this on some really tall grass and it did a pretty good job.  In a few places it seemed to struggle but the final cut was very even.  I was using it in \"mulch\" mode which did fairly well.  In some places I had to make another pass finishing mulching the grass 
We bought this in 2010 when  gass was close to 7 dollars a gallon here in CA, our old gas lawn mower had just died looking at all the lawn mowers in the store, I really didn't want to pay those prices for gas if I didn't have too, and I didn't want anything with a cord do I decide on this lawn mower it fit every thing I wanted, some thing that would mulch so I don't have to haul a bag out every 10 minutes since we have a very large lawnIt has turned out great the battery lasts a long time, my only complaint is that in the spring when every thing is still very wet and tall, I can't finish he lawn because the battery just drains within a  hour I'm sure some one who has a much smaller yard won't have this problem, and it's really just a small hassle, I have to charge the battery for a couple hours then finish it so not too huge of a deal, but it would still be nice to not have to do this and I'm sure this will be fixed on newer models that hold a stronger chargeOver all I'm very happy with it, and would buy another one
I read all of the reviews before buying this mower so thank you to the great reviewers out there!  This thing is awesome.  I can mow my back yard which is the size of two or three city backyards on one charge.  It does not lose all of the charge even when I include the front as well.  I wanted the self propelled because I am not getting any younger, but the reviews showed this one to be very good.  They were correct.  This mower is as easily pushed by my teenage granddaughter as myself.  Ok, I do like it better when she does it!  I have the key put in the same place each time because you don't want to lose it.  It will not start without it.  We are well pleased and hope this lasts a long time.  It has about 15 hours on it and is fine so far.  I will update if that changes.
I really wanted this product to work because I hate gasoline powered lawn mowers. But sadly, the unit I received just didn't have what it takes to mow St. Augustine grass.  It just bogged down even when cutting half a strip of grass.  I finally raised the lawn mower cutting height to the point it wouldn't bog down and it just skimmed over the top of the grass spewing grass out the sides of the lawn mower making a big mess.  Obviously I charged the battery a full day before I even attempted to mow the grass. I followed all the instructions to the letter. I was so disappointed I actually shipped it back to Amazon for a refund.I am a major purchaser on Amazon and this is the first item I have ever returned to Amazon in the entire five or more years I have been buying from Amazon. I am an Amazon Vine member. I read so many reviews on battery powered lawn mowers before I made this purchase because I was so worried it would be underpowered. And my concerns were validated. I don't understand why my lawn mower didn't perform.  Maybe the battery was weak or wouldn't charge properly, but it certainly seemed ok.  I'm sure I'll get a lot of rebuttal comments because I gave this lawn mower a low rating. But I will state up front that I have credentials and I am no dummy.So I broke down and purchased a gasoline powered lawn mower here on Amazon for about the same price and naturally it works great. But now I'm stuck going to the gas station to buy gasoline and storing it in my garage again.
This is a wonderful machine!  Assembly took less than 5 minutes from the box.  It took only 2 bolts and 4 nuts to completely assemble.  The mower is lightweight and rolls easily.  You can easily adjust the cutting height with one lever instead of having to adjust each wheel one at a time.  You only need to push a button and pull back the lever to start this mower.I also like the fact that while cutting it releases zero emissions and runs quietly.  It is also easy to re-charge the mower when finished.  Another plus is the fact that I no longer need to transport gasoline inside vehicle.  My car doesn't have a trunk so I always had to put the gas can in the back seat floorboard, and smell gas in the car for the next few days.  I think this is a great machine for a single mom or woman who isn't good with machines--look, I'm a woman so I can say this! It also has a safety key so your kids can't just go and start it up.  It's also green, so anyone who wants something super easy will like this. This is good for a small yard, or you will need to recharge.  It is not self-propelled, but like I said before, it is easy to roll so unless you have a lot of hills, that should not be a problem.
The key start is not what you might think.I had it all together and wouldn't do anything.You have to put the key in(of course)While holding in the start button,pull back the safety handle and it's running.You can hardly hear it run,cuts nice and flat,has as much power as my gas mower(that never starts on the first pull)no gas,oil. It's not self propelled but after the Torro I had where this feature went bad in a couple years I didn't want one,it's 67 lbs and no problem to push. Just plug it in after your done!! I love this!!Edit:second season,though I kept the battery charged all winter.By plugging it in once a month,the power doesnt seem to let me get as much done this year before it starts going dead.
I love this little mower.  It does the trick and is very easy to handle. It is the only one I kept when I moved to a smaller place.
I purchased this as a replacement for a very similar electric Black & Decker lawnmower which lasted over 15 years.  I only can hope this one will last as long!  It was a good price, it shipped promptly and properly packed, putting it together involved a couple of bolts to attach the handle - very easy - and I was on my way in a jiffy.Mowed some overgrown grass (as the old mower had pooped out on me mid-mowing) and the new mower did a fine job of it.  I did move the cutting setting to the highest so it wouldn't have a chance to bog down.  I'll likely put it down a notch or two next time around.The only complaint I have, and it is minor and cosmetic - why screaming neon orange?!  LOL!  The old B & D mower was green - much less conspicuous as I stow the mower in my breezeway when not in use.  Gotta say though, that orange is mocking me that it's time to get out and mow again so maybe it will be a GOOD thing.The grass catcher bag seems to be easier to empty than the old one, not sure if it has been slightly redesigned or not, but everything came right out quickly, where I had to shake the old one quite a bit to get it fully emptied.I do like the redesigned plug receptacle/cord keeper, with the ability to put the extension cord up through it and then plug it in to the mower, so no tugging on the plug while mowing - the old one, I used to have to give the extension cord a couple wraps around the mower plug end so it wouldn't strain/come apart while mowing.I have about 1/4 acre to mow, and was able to accomplish the task, even with longer-than-usual grass, in about 30 minutes.  Since I was used to the old corded mower, I already knew what pattern to follow to keep the cord out of my way.  Easy peasy!P.S.  I'm a 59 year old woman and this mower is very easy for me to maneuver, even though my terrain is a little uneven.
This is a powerful electric lawn mower.  We had it running within 5 minutes of opening the box--assembly was quite straight forward.  We tested it on grass that hadn't been mown in a month, and it cut the grass without a struggle.  It's a lot lighter than a gas-powered mower, and can go at a slower speed, making it much more comfortable to handle for folks with limited strength or mobility.  I was a little surprised at how loud it was, sort of like an electric vacuum, but it's certainly quieter than a gas mower.  The grass collection bag works fine and is easy to empty.  This is a great mower for people who only have to mow seasonally, since you don't have to worry about leftover gas gunking up the motor over the winter--as soon as the grass starts growing in the spring, just plug it in and go.  Low maintenance, low emissions, no gas cans to fill or store, great cutting power.
I have a small yard -- about 16' x 60' -- so when I bought the house, I also bought a reel mower. I like it a lot, but it doesn't do so well if the grass gets longer. Since I'm not (even a little bit) meticulous about my lawn, I just wasn't keeping up with it, and it became clear I needed something else. I hate the gas thing, for smell and for emissions (Is that really a huge concern with something so small? I dunno.), so electric seemed like a good way to go. I was torn between corded and batteried, but when this came up through Vine I figured I might as well try it.It's cool. It does a good job cutting the grass, and it is relatively lightweight (although I, a small and \"allergic to push-ups\" woman, can't carry it down to its home in the basement on my own; I could get it into a shed if we had one.), but other than the weight it offers no real functional advantage over a gas mower. And the cord is a big ol' pain in the butt. I am pretty sure that I will run over the cord at some point in this mower's life, and I'm not looking forward to finding out what happens when that happens!It doesn't come with a cord, by the way, and you do need one that's significantly longer than your yard for turning around, etc. If you're willing to drop $250 for a lawn mower, I assume you're okay with spending another $20 or whatever for a cord, but it is something to be aware of. There is a nice feature for keeping the cord securely plugged in to the mower, but it's not intuitive (I didn't read the manual). The bag assembly takes up a lot of space, but holds a lot. I haven't used the mulcher, so can't review that.I guess my biggest problem with this mower is that it doesn't make mowing the lawn any less hateful. The reel mower *does* make it less hateful, but you have to keep up with it. If you're willing to do that, and have a small space to mow, I'd recommend a reel mower over this one. If you have a big space, I wouldn't recommend this anyway, due to the cord. If keeping up with it isn't feasible for you, or not worth it, I guess this offers some advantages over gas, but I'm not ultimately sure it's worth the price tag, especially if you already have a gas mower, and especially since finding someone to fix it if it breaks/stops working would probably be quite a chore.
I love gardening, even the not so fabulous aspects of it, including (but not limited to) weed pulling, compost heap turning, and lawn mowing.  Of the three \"not so loved tasks\" of the garden, lawn mowing is quickly becoming a \"not so bad\" task now that I've upgraded from a manual push mower to an electric mower.  Having a freakin' engine makes a huge difference on a mower!  This mower is easy enough for me to set up, mow the lawn, and be done within 30 minutes.  Some people may gripe about the corded aspects of the mower, but this isn't a huge problem for me - I have only 1 tree to go around, and a mid sized lawn.  If you start from the place closest to the outlet and work outward from there, mowing over the cord isn't even an issue.I've used the lawn mower enough times to justify the cost versus having a gardener mow the lawn, I'm using an electric mower so no gas emissions in the air, and biggest benefit - I'm saving $50 a month on gym membership by working out getting my yard cleaned up and pretty!  Talk about your win/win situations here.  Highly recommended!
I'm always looking for ways to \"go green\" and help reduce emissions.  So when I received this Black & Decker electric lawnmower I was very excited about the possibilities and the potential to dump my old gas mower.  I soon found out that while Black & Decker has a good idea, this mower is not suited for everyone, including myself.Who would this mower be good for?  Urban dwellers who have a small yard and an outside electrical outlet.  If you live in the city and your hard is relatively flat then this may be a wonderful choice.  Still, keeping track of the cord and having to constantly be on the lookout for where the cord is laying in the yard (hint:  use an orange cord!) can get old real fast even for those with smaller yards.  I would be very concerned about the potential to run over the extension cord -- and with 110V flowing through it this is definitely not the mower I'd be having my younger teenage kids operating.If you live in the suburbs, or have a medium to large size yard, this mower is definitely not for you.  It is impossible to cut a yard of any size having to be \"chained\" to an electrical outlet.  I would not recommend using more than a 100' extension cord, and even after a 50-foot length the cord is going to become a pain to keep track of.Black & Decker has a good idea here, but corded lawnmowers just aren't practical.  If they would replace the corded feature with a battery pack then I could get excited about it.  Don't get me wrong, this mower does a great job of cutting and mulching grass -- it's just the cord really becomes a pain after a while.  They do have cordless models of their mowers available, so I recommend you check outBlack & Decker CM1836 18-Inch 36 Volt Cordless Electric Lawn Mower with Key Startfor a good alternative to this mower.  It's a bit more expensive, but trust me the freedom from the cord is well worth it.I give it three stars because it does work, and cuts grass very well, but I have to take away points for that darn cord.
I use the DB Smith Premium Sprayer to cover my deck with cleaner and anti-mildew products, and it generally works fine for me. Easy assembly, easy to fill and no leaks. Seems rugged enough to last, and easy to clean when you're done. It comes in one, two and three gallon sizes - I have the two gallon...holds enough to get a lot done, and it's not so heavy to carry around.Only two complaints are:1) It could use some sort of shoulder strap or backpack-type straps. This would make it a lot easier to carry around.2)There should be a better way to adjust the spray pattern. It's pretty much fixed, although I suppose you could find different nozzles if you needed to.Otherwise, it's a good value at the price and definitely worth a try if you need this sort of sprayer.
I've used (and discarded) a number of sprayers over the years. I started with the dirt cheap ones, and they tended to last about a season or two at best even when well cared for. They didn't work well even when they did work, however.So, I upgraded to the \"better\" ones at the big box stores. Those lasted longer, but still didn't function all that well.So I thought I'd step up to the DB Smith \"Professional\" model, having read the good reviews. I am just floored by how well this is put together! All the parts and pieces are sturdy; the pump action is smooth; and everything works perfectly.It also has a number of convenience features such as a clip to hold the spray wand in storage, and a cap at the base that catches any dribbles from the nozzle when it's not in use. The control lever is comfortable to use and has an on latch that flips on or off easily. It has a pressure release knob to quickly bleed off the pressure after you're done. It comes with a shoulder strap, and the main body is translucent so you can see the fluid level easily.It comes with a collection of tips including a foaming nozzle, a fan nozzle, and an adjustable cone nozzle. The manual is nicely detailed with tips and photos on maintenance.Icing on the cake: it's made in the USA.They make a similar model called the \"O\" style which has straight sides to the tank. This model (they call it the \"R\" style) is teardrop shaped. It offers more stability since it has a lower center of gravity, plus it has the cap at the base I mentioned earlier, which the O style lacks. But, according to the manual, the guts are the same for both styles. The only difference is the shape.I can't speak to the longevity of this since I've only used it a few times, but it seems like I'll be able to get several years out of it. I'll update the review as needed should problems occur.They also make a 3 gal. version. I went with the 2 gal one since I already have a 3 gal sprayer that is working well. But, should that die on me, I'll certainly replace it with another DB Smith.Highly recommend!
This is a great little sprayer.  I am old and cannot carry a large, heavy sprayer.  This one is just right and does a good job.
I bought this to replace a Chapin sprayer which stopped working on me.  I've only had this sprayer for less than a month, but so far it's great.  Easy to assemble, carry around, and use.  And it works for surprisingly long after pumping it up.  If it lasts, I'll continue to be a very happy customer.  Only time will tell.
Not your average dime store sprayer! This is a very well thought out and constructed sprayer.Multiple heads, Viton seals, and looks like it is constructed to last a while! Just clean sprayer and pump EVERY TIME chemicals are used,and it should last a long time.Also spray clean water through wand and nozzle to eliminate chemicals in them. I am impressed with sprayer, and heartily recommend.
Very happy with this sprayer. It's a nice 2 gallon size which is easy to hold and the sprayer handleis especially comfortable and easy to work and maneuver. The handle can be locked in the on position for extended use.I sprayed an 11 ft. umbrella with the moss remover 'Wet and Forget' ~ dripping wetin 4 minutes which included the initial pump ~ plus one.The high volume fan nozzle did a great job, with a continual smooth even spray, and no clogging.This professional contractor series is a great product.It pumps up quick and sprays evenly through approx 3/4 gallon of mixture before needing pumped again.Four nozzles are included, and the dish on the base is nice to keep the hose tip tucked intoto catch any liquid that may drip ~ how-ever ~ it seems to shut off well, so there's not much dripping.The nozzle doesn't dip at all when the pressure release value is pulled to release the pressure from the tankThis is how a sprayer should work ~ no struggling to keep it spraying.The unit is well made of heavy duty plastic, with a heavy duty reinforced hose, and a steel pumping rod.And one of it's best features is ~ lifetime free replacements parts, for the life of the sprayer.So far ~ I couldn't be happier with the ease of use, and performance of this Smith sprayer.P.S. Our last two sprayers were a 'Hudson' 2 gal. heavy duty, and a 'Gilmour' 2 gallon, neither of which worked well.They forever got the nozzle clogged, from the begining, and the joints leaked the chemicals on my hands,they were both use-less. And didn't come with free replacement parts.
the sprayer looks well made and of good quality materials. it works great in the garden where i use it to spray fungicides... insect sprays... foliar feeding... i am very happy that i bought this product and it functions and works great.
This is a very good sprayer as compared to others that I have purchased in the past. Very easy to put together and use. The stand at the bottom for the wand is very convenient and the lock-in for handle is also  a nice feature. It provided a good spray pattern for the sealant that I applied. It was more expensive than some others, but well worth the price. The shoulder strap was also very good. Unit made the job easier for me.
I ordered this one based on the good reviews, and the feedback of another reviewer.  I love this sprayer!  It has multiple nozzles, they are metal and adjustable, the instructions are easy to follow, and the sprayer is very easy to use.  Following the advice of another reviewer, I used vaseline on the threads of the top to make it easier to remove after being pressurized, and it works great. I use it for weed killer for my yard.  Very happy with my purchase!
This sprayer has all the great features and works well.  I wanted one that would spray for a distance and at a good volume and this one does.  The sprayer pumps easily and holds pressure and has a pressure release valve and a carrying strap
This sprayer is very well built and solid.  It is easy to use and with the long hose and 18 inch wand it sprays a very good distance and the spray is of course adjustable to different spray patterns.  I am happy with hit.
As I stated in the title this is my first review, but a longtime Amazon Prime whom buys everything online.Upon initially receiving this product I was blown away by the quality of the sprayer. My other two sprayers are the box store roundup (ok) and the Chaplin 1 gallon. The quality difference what instantly noticeable. I loaded up glypsophate (aka roundup) and prepared to clear 300 ft of weeds on my swell.Five minutes in the unit falls apart. Half spilling on the lawn, the rest on me. Upon taking a hiatus to remove the chemical of my clothes and self I noticed that the connection between the handpump and the internal pump valve are connected by two plastic screws in between two pieces of plastic. I forgot to add that I wasted 30 minutes looking for the two screws amongst the weed.Disappointing since the unit as such promise, but a few corners cut by the manufacturer ruin what could've been a great device. I will be returning later today and searching for a different option.
This is nothing like the cheapo Home Depot sprayers. It is well made and seems to work much better than the ones I have bought on other occasions from Home Stores.
They have what 9 or 10 of these sprayers listed in one ad???....don't now how they can tell the difference!  This 2 gallon industrial is great. The parts are all heavy duty.  It comes with an assortment of spray nozzles - mist, foam, targeted and regular cone.  This model doesn't have the nozzle release thing (LOL) to let the air out when finished and leaving fluid inside.  You have to lay it on it's side and spray until it stops spraying to avoid the dangerous buildup inside the tank, no big deal for me.  Overall I am very impressed with it, for $25.00 it beat to heck what I saw at my local Lowes.
I bought this only to water plants because carrying around multiple jugs of water was just too much. This one gallon sprayer is enough to water them all thoroughly.This is the first sprayer I've owned so I had a bit of trouble getting it setup. I felt so dumb!The handle feels like it could break when pumping, so bare careful with it. The pressure last long enough for maybe 20-30 seconds of spraying. I pump throughout the whole spray though to keep the pressure high enough.The spraying lasted me about 5 minutes with non-stop spraying.
I have had so many plastic sprayers go bad and this one has worked well from the get go and is not too big so it will get a lot of use because I am not exhausted after spraying with it. I like the design and think that it will last as long as I protect it from accidents!
This is a much better sprayer then I expected for a measly 15 dollars. A lot of the credit goes to its being manufactured in the US instead of that other place where most things come from. An instruction sheet written in an easy to read and follow format is included. Assembly is a cinch especially if you are careful to install the attachments carefully so they are not cockeyed, especially when attaching the hose to the container. If you pay attention to this simple task and do it properly there will be no leaks. If you initially run a test with plain water and there is leaking you will probably find that the attachment was installed cross threaded and not making a solid seal. That is something that is easy to do so be careful.The other attachment is a nozzle which provides the ability to control the type of spray you want to use. I prefer mostly a moderate width spray but sometimes I need to reach an area that the spray can't get to and I can reduce the size of the spray all the way to a stream which increases it travel length. Very convenient.The pump handle is used to carry the unit, open the top for filling and as the means to create the pressure needed to spray. Pumping is not difficult but this is a one gallon container so when it is nearly full there is not much space to build up pressure so a little extra pumping is required.I rarely have the need to spray chemicals so I was not wanting to invest a lot in a chemical sprayer. It was a pleasant surprise to find a unit on Amazon that works this well and costs so little. Works well. Costs little. Made in USA. What more can you ask?
I bought this to replace a 1 gallon sprayer I bought at HD that leaked from the beginning. I was pricing out replacement parts for the wand when I realized getting a whole new sprayer was only two dollars more. This sprayer was easy to setup and the quality difference was immediately apparent. First off, there were no leaks from anywhere. Second, when I let go of the trigger, the spray stop immediately. (the cheap one kept spraying for a few seconds). The handle feels sturdy and pumps easily. The nozzle is adjustable from a fan spray to a pointed jet spray. I would definitely recommend this over equally priced ones from big box stores. Weeds don't stand a chance in my yard now!
I was so tired of regular spray bottles being destroyed by bleach inside but this sprayer has no problem with bleach and sprays nicely. Great sprayer for insecticides too. Bleach left inside it is not a problem at all.
Basic sprayer that gets the job done. Carrying the sprayer and trying to spray at the same time gets annoying and your hands hurt after a while. I sprayed my whole front lawn with this and I would recommend you get the backpack sprayers for large jobs. But if you have a small lawn or need a small sprayer then this will do.
A cheap sprayer to me and will go elsewhere in the future to get one, Top that screws in is not a tight fit so the pressure will nbot hold on this, Was going to return but thought for the price you get what you pay for
This sprayer works really well.  It is easy to fill and can be cleaned by simply filling with water and running through the wand.  It pumps easily and the handle mechanism works very well.  Easy to open when pressurized.  The nozzle turns to go from a stream to a mist - and everything in between.  The trigger can be locked open so you don't have to hold it down when doing larger areas.Only possible improvement would be if there were better/more markings on the side for measurement.
I tend to alternate betweenOnslaught (an awesome microencapsulated pesticide)andEraser (kind of like Roundup)to keep earwigs out of my house, and grass out of the cracks in my driveway, and I've been through enough \"cheapest you can get me\" sprayers from Walmart. I had heard good things about this sprayer, and for basically the same price, I thought I'd give it a shot.The construction and quality of materials on this sprayer really impressed me. It \"feels\" much more expensive, and seals beautifully. The sprayer makes a very nice fan spray for pesticide, and a very sharp stream for knocking out weeds. I especially liked that the nozzle doesn't drip or dribble under pressure.What really impressed me, though, was how powerful the sprayer can be. I noticed a large hornet's nest about 20' up in my tree, and was able to safely hose it down with pesticide from about 20' away (at an angle, of course... not standing under it!). It's also very easy to wash.A total value, even at full price.
We rescued a little pregnant kitty, and I don't like to put chemicals on pregnant cats. Of course, she had fleas. And the babies then had fleas. And then we had fleas, at least in that room. So even after mama was treated, and the kittens were old enough to be treated, the room still had fleas. LOTS of fleas! I'm a do-it-yourself kind of person whenever it is practical. So I bought this sprayer, a bottle of Suspend (kills adult fleas) and a bottle of Archer (insect growth regulator to prevent flea eggs from hatching). If you have fleas,  you need to mix both chemicals to be affective -- they were both available here on Amazon too. Anyway, I like that this spray is lightweight and has gallon marking so it is easy to mix up a gallon of solution. I found the sprayer very easy to use and effective. It will drip when you stop spraying, but that is the solution left in the hose. I'm sure expensive sprayers don't drip, but at this price I can deal with a drip when I stop spraying. I like that the sprayer has a lock so you don't accidentally spray when carrying the solution around. It was a good buy and I'm sure it will be used for garden spraying in the future.
i don't think i can find a better one gallon sprayer than this one. it works great. it does not leak for me. it was easy to put together. the parts seem to be good quality materials. it was easy to put the liquid into the tank. it is easy to shake or mix. it is easy to carry it around the yard to the destination for it's use. slowly put air into the tank. when i needed it to work it worked great. i got the spray pattern that i wanted for the insecticide. it is dependable. no leaks and so on. thank you!update:  i can adjust the spray pattern very easily to a very nice pattern that fits the situation. if the pattern gets irregular just unscrew the tip adjustment and spray it out with a hose and hose out the very tip of the wand where the liquid comes out. it builds up after several uses. i am still very happy with this sprayer. all you need to do is just gently tighten the plunger assembly into the tank. do not over tighten the plunger into the tank. release all of the air pressure in the \"empty tank\" before you attempt to remove the plunger assembly by holding the wand trigger assembly until the air quits coming out the tip.
I have become so disappointed with the Home Depot Sprayers. They just don't hold up. I have owned this one for about 6 months and it works as wekk as the day I bought it.
My tomatoes were starting to look half dead, so I bought this fertilizer to give to it. I gave it a full tablespoon, within a few days they were putting out a bunch of new growth, you would never think they were almost dead! As of today they are extreme healthy and growing like crazy.Hopefully I can enter these into a contest.
It is SO easy to use ... about a cup to a five gallon pot mixed  -- seems to be acid and hot so lime and letting it set in the mix for a bit without plants would be in order -- and it really get them going. Works wonders with both peat and coco from what I have seen so far. Really cannot complain and would advise to at least give it a go if you are into 'organic' and want 'one scoop' done type of soil additives. The fungus are really neat too as you can make 'compost' tea by putting a pinch ( the miracle grow spoon, I use the small end of both worm castings and this but one big of just this would not go wrong, I wager -- in water with some molasses ... ferments in about two days and then use .... ROCKET to the MOON!
Great product! According to the MSDS its a mix of feather meal, composted chicken poop, sulphate of potash, and bone meal. I used this on my vegtable garden with great results. I only nitrogen burnt my cactus, which is really easy, and dumb of me. This item is also avialable at Home Depot for ~$8-9 for the 8lb bag.
I am a \"square foot\" gardener so it is very important to enrich my garden soil.  Because plants are close together & the beds are raised, the soil can be easily depleted of vital nutrients.  I've used this fertilizer in combination with a healthy dose of homemade compost for several years with excellent results.  I till the fertilizer & compost in to the soil before planting & then I side dress the plants in July & August.  I use this particular formula for all my garden vegetables to keep things simple.  It seems to work well for everything but especially my tomatoes.You should test your soil before applying fertilizer to be sure you are using the correct formula for what your garden is lacking.The analysis of this Vegetable/Tomato Formula is: 2-7-4Nitrogen 2% (.8% Water Soluble & 1.2% Water Insoluble)Available Phosphate 7%Soluble Potash 4%Calcium 7%Magnesium .5%Sulfur 1.4%The fertilizer smells like cat food to me (probably because of the bone meal) but it goes away in a few days after being watered in.Square Foot Gardening:All New Square Foot Gardening, Second Edition: The Revolutionary Way to Grow More In Less Space
i use this product all the time for many of my plants in my container garden. it does a good job and seems to be a good quality product. i don't see how just trying one bag could cause a problem for anyone. i am happy with this purchase and i buy several bags at a time. thank you.
I am getting ready to plant with a Planter that I have made with instructions from above ground garden.com.  It is a fun time now if the snow stops and I can put it all together. I am doing this because I very little space at my apartment porch and I wanted to have my own tomato plants.. This is an eco way to do it ..and I have all the thing I need right here at Amazon.
This has saved a few tomato plants from major droop.  I only applied once during last year and that was enough - but would depend on your soil.  I like organic when using on food products.  A little stinky.
These I put them last year and they were still present in my garden. Just picked them and threw them. Not sure what the contents are, and even if it is a slow release these are supposed to make the tomato plants healthier. Did not see anything....not buying them anymore.
This spreader is a great size for a garden or small yard. I would not recommend this if you have a very large yard as it would take hours to spread. For my needs, this worked out perfect. It is fairly sturdy, let light-weight and doesn't take up too much room to store.One caveat: Do NOT try to use this spreader for any powdered mixes. This spreader is for pelleted type mixes and probably smaller seeds. For larger items and powders, you will need a drop spreader which this is not.
I have not actually used this to spread fertilizer or seeds or anything of that nature. I use this to spread salt on my driveway evenly. I use the Safe-Paw Ice Melter and put a pound or so of that into this spreader to salt my 4 car driveway.The first time i used it, I didnt feel enough was coming out so I cranked it way up (16 I believe). I dumped a ton of it real thick onto the driveway during the spreading. Then next time I turned it down to 8 and tried again. It was still a bit much. Now I am using the 5 or 6 setting on it and that seems to give me good coverage.I did notice some of the salt was getting into the open wheels. Not a huge deal for me but I can see why that would be annoying for some people especially if you are seeding.I do like the edge guard alot! It works as intended and keeps me from salting the yard while doing the driveway.I have used this product for the past few months in the snow and it has held up fine. No issues with breaking or not working properly and honestly for the price it really cant be beat. I would absolutely recommend this to someone.
This size not for more than 40 pound of product. Edge guard really works and just about eliminates 'fertilizing your sidewalk'. Easy assembly, just un-un-fold the handle and tighten the locking joints.
The Scott's spreader works very well for spreading your fertilizer or your bug control products. It is lightweight and easy to maneuver and is durable and easy to adjust the spread amount. Keep in mind that this thing is for the most part plastic and is meant for light duty occasional home use. If you want something for a heavy duty use, I would recommend looking elsewhere.FeaturesHolds up to 5,000 square feet of fertilizerRustproof hopper and agitatorMy only complaint with mine, is that the one I have has some green covers for the wheels that constantly fall off, it doesn't effect the operation of the spreader but is annoying and seems to be a poor design choice.
Works. Whatever you are spreading will get stuck inside the wheels, so make sure you wash it properly after use. The edge guard is nice if there is an area you don't want to spread.
Sent it back right after I got it.  The support rail to keep it from tipping back and over is a flimsy steel rod.  I can tell this thing will not be very stable when filled with fertilizer.  Cheaply made, decided to spend the money on a quality spreader.I bought this because I have a 20 year old Scott spreader that needs replacement, the old one was built way better.
What more can you say about this spreader? Its simply amazing, it broadcast very well, has the edge guard for precise spreading and it eliminates the need for a bulky unnecessary spreader.I have used this to spread fertilizer, lawn food, starter food, weed killer and many more. You wont be disappointed with this spreader at all i promise!One Con that I have noticed is it will tip over when its not correctly balanced and sometimes leaving you with a nice little pile to sweep up. Make sure you set this on a balanced ground especially when its somewhat filled.Mr. Ellis gives this item an A+!! its made well, does the job, and everyone can use it properly without prior experience.
Purchased a new-to-us house mid-2010, and it needed a lot of ground work. We purchased in November and the house had been empty for about 6 months, so the landscaping had taken an entire summer's beating without any care or watering. We had to stock up on lawn care tools and supplies, including this particular spreader, and we bought a few extra links of hose. Purchased this spreader specifically because its small size makes it easy to store, yet it still pack a good broadcasting punch.That first year we trucked in top soil, mulch, sod and shrubs and we also laid down a lot of weed killer, fertilizer and seed... and this Scotts broadcast spreader was a workhorse. The spreader never let me down that intense first year, and it has continued to get a workout every Spring and Fall thereafter. Halts, Lime, Scotts Turfbuilder, Vigoro fertilizer, various Weed 'n Feed products and several different winterizer fertilizers have gone through this spreader's hopper in its short life.After finishing each broadcast application, a quick hosing down will clear the excess product picked up in the spreader's wheels and stuck around its hopper. Nothing out of the ordinary there; every broadcast spreader tosses junk into its nooks and crannies, precipitating a good rinse off before storage. I just finished a series of applications with it today, and took a few pictures (before cleaning).If you would like to see those pictures I took of the spreader after use, go back to the spreader's main sales page, scroll down to where the \"Most Helpful Customer Reviews\" section starts, then look to the right of that area for the \"Product Images From Customers\" section. It's a mess, but it works well.Looking for a smaller size broadcast spreader that is easy to use, broadcasts well, and doesn't take up too much space? If so, then I definitely recommend this Scotts Turf Builder mini broadcast spreader based on my experience with it. Very recommended.Go for it.
For smaller projects, this fits the bill.  My biggest challenge is finding storage space for things I only use a couple of times a year.  This is big enough to get those projects done and small enough to tuck away and store easily.  The one I had used before was 10 or more years old and this new one has much better controls for adjusting the amount of material being spread.  A very nice combination of performance, size and price.
I Bought this AR Blue Clean Electric Pressure Washer to clean my rims on my car, It does a wonderful job. This pressure washer is very strong I've cleaned my house, patio, deck it gets addicting.  I love it!
Purchased this unit after many frustrating years operating and repairing a gasoline powered Craftsman pressure washer.This unit is lightweight, easily mobile, cleaned cement and brick more thoroughly with actually less power than our old unit.The AR is not bulky, and adapts to different usages and is slated for many more powerful cleanups around our home and garage.Telephone support is excellent should you need any info.It is gratifying that this unit delivers fine performance at an affordable price...so much so that another member of our family purchased one as well after trying ours!
Summary:  A small, compact pressure washer that is fine for occasional use.  Two heads allow either a rapid spinning needle spray, or a variable wide to needle pattern.Pros:  Compact, easy to use, good quality.  The handle is comfortable, and the pressure is perfect for the casual exterior cleaning I do.  If I need to do a deep cleaning, I'd rent a 3,000+ pound sprayer, as this is not designed for hard to clean jobs.  The power cord is long (25 feet, I think) and the hose is about 10 feet long.  So it reaches around the house from the power outlets fairly well.Cons: The hook-up for the water is plastic.  This can be changed out for Brass, which I did.I'd buy it again.  After three months of use, I remain pleased with the purchase.  The one star deduction is for the cheap plastic ready-connect.
Have a gas powered one, but being a women, have a difficult time with getting them started. I find the gas ones to be hard to start, loud and in reality a pain........so got this electric as I have sold all gas run machines. I used this to clean my teak chairs and rocker, was a breeze, very quite and powerful enough to get the job done. No muss, No fuss.....Plan on using it on my deck this fall.
Everything about this washer is well built and designed. The only thing that I regret was not getting a more powerful washer. It's no fault of this particular washer. It's just that if you need really heavy duty pressure strength you may want to consider something more powerful.
I have a slate slab patio and it was getting a little green in the corners and on the stairs.  The outdoor rugs I love to use had left marks on the patio as well.  The slate countertops around my BBQ had some grease stains.  I used the power washer with great success!  I had way too much fun cleaning, which is a positive.  It worked wonderfully and was very simple.  The nozzle can easily be adjusted as you are cleaning to be a needle point or a fan and clean with great force or more gentle spray.  I was able to clean the BBQ and fire pit covers and the slate counter.  I used a hand brush to apply some dish soap to the greasy marks and then power washed it all away.  I'd highly recommend this washer!
I bought this to use on my Trex Deck since I was on my hands and knees scrubbing mold for hours. After using it for the first time this week, here are my initial thoughts:PROS- Easy to set up (from in the box to using it in less than 30 min)- Does a great job on the Trex Deck and rails; doesn't even require me to touch up afterwards- Very portable since it's relatively small and light- Hose and power cord are long- Compared with gas washers, this requires little maintenance and is much quieterCONS- Hose reel is worthless - don't use this!- Accessories holder doesn't do a great job of keeping everything togetherOVERALLI definitely recommend this. The cons are a small hassle but at the end of the day, I can clean what I need quickly and easily. I considered the 1500 PSI handheld model (AR Blue Clean AR118 1,500 PSI 1.5 GPM Hand Carry Electric Pressure Washer) and although I'm sure that would do the job as well, I like having the extra PSI for other things such as cleaning my concrete and house siding.
This unit is very well made and easy to assemble taking only ten minutes or so. As mentioned the cord reel is a joke but just store the cord around the unit. Used it once so far and it does a decent job of cleaning stone and pavement. Excellent around the pool where build up occurs. Much better than bleach. It got rid of the mold on pool rocks. One very good use also is cleaning paint around patio too. Not a lot of pressure but ok for general use. Its very quiet too unlike gas units.
I've never had or used a pressure washer before. Reading the many comments here on Amazon.com I learned of the many potential uses it would have at my home. I am not disappointed. It works great.The AR383 arrived yesterday. I used it on a Trex deck on the side of our house today. We've had the deck for three and a half years and only washed it with a hose from time to time. It is subject to dust blowing from nearby farm fields, from residue dropping from airplanes landing at two local airports, and a lot of wind carried debris. I knew if I ever tried to tackle cleaning the Trex with a scrub brush it would not produce good results. From the first few inches of cleaning I knew I had made a good purchase. A dark layer of dirt came off exposing a long lost clean color of the deck. The deck has 6 stairs on each end, is about 6' wide and about 30' long. It took me about two hours to do the whole thing. I also used the pressure washer to wash the dirt off the white painted wooden fence along the side of the deck which came out really nice.AR North America must have gotten the message about the leaking hose fitting. They didn't ship the fitting in the manual. I had already purchased the brass fitting replacement but didn't need to use it. The new hose fitting is a two part quick release connection that didn't leak a drop.I found I could wrap the hose around the hose reel as designed. I read where several people thought it wouldn't work but it worked fine for me. The power cord wraps around the back side but it was just a bit too much cord for the way the AR383 is designed and the last few turns were outside the holding bracket.This isn't a tool that I would grab and use for a small job without knowing that the time to set it up and put it away is at least 5 to 10 minutes on each end of the job. But my imagination was running wild with all the jobs I could do with it.The machine doesn't make too much noise, and the cord and high pressure hose are long enough for all applications around my house. I appreciate that the pump shuts off quickly after releasing the handle. I do wish the handle had a lock to keep it on so I wouldn't have to hold it on all the time. My hand is tired after cleaning the deck.I have nothing to compare this with but I like it a lot and highly recommend it. Time will tell about reliability.
This power washer works great! We use it on our stone patio, outdoor furniture, brick, siding, outside windows, and even our car. It provides a nice high pressure but it is not enough to damage your property. It has successfully removed all kinds of stains we couldn't get rid of. I have no idea why we waited so long to buy one of these! Everything looks so nice and new again.The only downside:The cord and everything is a total pain. We don't even bother wrapping the cord or the hose where it is meant to go because it doesn't work like it should. It doesn't bother us much because we have enough space in our garage.
I have used this to spray the brick in front of my house, the sidewalks, concrete stairs, siding, and most importantly washing my car and you cant beat it for the price. pressure cuts out often at times, but Im sure that has something to do with me doing something wrong. just obnoxious at times but comes right back. Overall im happy. no leaks as of yet like some other reviewers
I have only used this once, but, it worked really well.  It was simple to use and the pressure was just right.
I was very happy with this purchase.  For the price, I can't see how you can go wrong.  It has all the accessories you need to do most jobs.  The only way you can get more power is with a gas powered washer.  The washer gets 4 stars because you have to completely disconnect the hose to coil it.  It would be nice to have it connected while coil and pull out as much hose as needed.  I would use it a lot more because set up time would be drastically reduced.  However, the required seal would be one more thing to break, so maybe its a good thing.
This is a great consumer pressure washer. Great for cars or household jobs. My previous one broke and this is running a lot better than my other one ever did.
I gave it 4/5 because the plastic piece they give you keeps falling off when you put the hose in.  It does the job I have used this to power wash the side of my house numerous times.
I've had this unit for 1 month and have used it to power wash my patio, house and the garage floor.  Its more than powerful enough to handle all of these tasks.  Unit is small and quiet.  Like others have said get the brass hose connection.  Also mentioned by other reviewers is that the hose is too stiff and hard to manage.  These two gripes aside this is a great pressure washer.
Quick feedback here.  This unit gets to max pressure within seconds.  My father's Husky pressure washer takes minutes and has inconsistant pressure.  The hose reel on this unit is a nice feature.  It's not designed to be used when the pressure washer is in use, but more for just storing it.  There is a rather large built in GFI on the plug itself, so plugging it into an outside outlet that has a cover around it can be difficult.The pressure was more than enough to remove15 years of moss build up on rocks in the front of my shady yard.
This is a decent unit for the price. I was able to use my Gardenia quick-connect on the provided adapter without any leaking . There were no leaks anywhere.  It is a pain to disconnect the detergent bottle and attach the turbo wand every so often but I think I knew that. Just did not give that a second thought before the purchase. A built in bottle with an adjustable wand (between soap and turbo) would have been  great. The unit also needs a higher handle for us tall people but this is not that big of a deal. The hose is rather unflexible when trying to put back on the reel. The machine did a nice job of cleaning dirt and moss up from sidewalks and driveways but oil and rust stains are still visible. After looking at all the reviews for hours on other machines, this was the best machine for the money. Now that the job is complete and all this has been said, Yes, I would recommend and purchase this again because the unit did what it was suppose to without any major errors. Now, time to watch a ballgame.
I was looking for a pressure washer that did not run on gas, yet was sufficient enough to handle home projects such as cleaning sidewalks of moss, cleaning gutters, and cleaning decks.After reading several reviews, I decided on trying this unit.  Here is what I liked about the unit:1.  Well made unit that works exactly as it should.2.  Storage for all of the tools on the unit.  The holder for the hose can only be used for storage and requires that you disconnect the hose from the unit.3.  Easy to change wands with different spray patterns.What I was not so happy with:1.  No way to adjust the pressure from the unit.  You adjust the pressure with the type of tip and the distance from the object you are trying to clean!  Pay attention to this as you can do a lot of damage in a hurry if you are not careful.2.  Plastic connector for connection to your water supply hose.  This connection leaks, but what the heck, it is a small amount of water and you are getting things we anyway.3.  The height of the unit is such that it is easier to just pick it up to move it than to reach down and use the handle and wheels.Overall, the good far exceeds any perceived bad and I am very happy with the performance of the unit.  I would recommend that you also pick up the circular disk cleaning attachment if you are cleaning large surface areas as it cleans faster and better than just using the wand.
I have a dandy almost new gasoline power washer with a 2,500 PSI capacity, but I can't get the Honda engine on it started--old gasoline screwed it up I think.  I bought this AR North America AR383 electric washer hoping it would be less hassle to use and its 1,900 PSI capacity would not be all that much less powerful than the gas one.  Actually, my gas washer has Zero PSI at the moment.  Anyhow, the electric power washer did not disappoint.  It was easily powerful enough for the tasks I had for it today.  Frankly, I thought it was very similar to the power my gas machine produced the last time I had it running.The extensive research I did on these electric power washers took me to the AR383 as I passed over the yellow one, the green one and the Costco `snappy' one.  I even rejected electric washers that claimed to be slightly more powerful and a couple that were cheaper.  The AR383 was priced right for what it offers and had the features I thought were the most important.I got the deck cleaned off.  It was not all that dirty, but had a little algae and mold on it from the winter weather.  The electric washer did a good job with that.  I also got the metal garden shed cleaned of lots of algae and dirt and the machine performed well with that as well.  The work on the shed went a little bit slower than it did with the gas washer last year, but quickly none the less.I tried out the detergent applicator to speed things up and was not all that impressed with it.  It works OK, but a squirt bottle or a pump up garden sprayer full of deck wash would probably do as well.  As it turned out, I really didn't need to apply the detergent anyhow.  The power washer did the job nicely without any Chemical help.The thing I like best about the new electric power washer is how the motor and pump shut down when the trigger on the wand is released.  It is also relatively quiet and does not leak.  The electric wire is pretty long, but I had to use a short heavy duty extension cord to get the washer close enough to the garden shed way out in the backyard, but that was no problem really. The high pressure hose is a squirmy snake like all of these things are and it tangles once in awhile, but I suppose that is a nuisance to be endured with power washers.  
This is my first pressure washer. It's doing a lovely job getting the dirt-pollen-sludge off my deck, even though i've let it build up every winter and bake in every summer for a few years now. It's easy to set up, easy to use, easy to disassemble.The problem is that it's hard to store. The power cord is far longer than the storage on the back allows for, plus you'll take the skin off your knuckles bashing into the hose attachment every time you loop the cord, and it would take some sort of mutant power to get the very rigid hose to actually sit nicely on the reel as shown in the picture. It looks very pretty and stowed in the picture, but in my garage, the cord is looped neatly behind it, and the hose is slung over the handle.
I've never owned a pressure washer before so I can't compare this one to anything else.  I bought it to clean the copping and deck around my pool after a pool renovation. I couldn't afford to replace my pool copping or deck so I opted to pressure wash these areas and bring them back to life.  I have to say that this machine is pretty powerful.  My pool copping and deck sparkled by the time I was done.  But I was so excited about how clean they got I cleaned just about everything else with the pressure washer too... My BBQ grill got a good cleaning, the exterior walls of my house where my dogs brush up against is now clean, and the covered patio was rinsed down and now looks like the color it was meant to be.  I think next weekend I'll wash the garage door and driveway.  This was definitely a good investment.  I hope it lasts.  Oh, one thing to note is that the thing that reels up the hose sucks big time!  I couldn't figure out how to reel it up, attach it and unreel it to use the hose.  The instructions for this also suck.  I just roll up the hose and wrap it around the handle.
We don't have a small yard, we have a full 1/3 acre. When we first moved in we needed a reliable way to cut the lawn and purchased this with theUS Wire 74100 12/3 100-Feet SJTW Yellow Heavy-Duty Lighted Extension Cordto reach all of the corners of our yard. I had used other mowers before (battery operated) and was pleasantly surprised at how easily this cut through our yard.Because this is 12 amp, make sure you get a cord that is able to support it or you will have difficulties with the motor lasting.My husband was NOT enamored with this - was concerned about the cord, somehow he couldn't figure it out. However, I loved it - it didn't seem difficult to me to think before I had my turn on the mower.With 1/3 acre, we are not using this as our only resource now, he has a riding mower - but we still use this for the small areas of our yard where that doesn't fit, or for up and down hills where it isn't safe to go.We use it on the mulching setting, and have been constantly pleased since we purchased it over a year ago. It was easy to assemble and easy to store over the winter. Recommended.
I hate hate hate mowing with a traditional lawnmower but love yard work. This is the product I should have bought years ago! Simply plug and go. Easy to push, button start. 3 discharge options (side, mulch or bag). I used it for the first time on a yard that was several inches overgrown (fast spring and no lawnmower!)...handled everything with ease. In fact, the only difference between this and a traditional push mower was the simplicity of starting, ease of pushing and convenience of no maintenance, no pulling, no hassle.
Other than managing the cord, this mower does everything I could possibly expect a mower to do.  I've been using it for a year now and have had zero issues.The mulching insert does a good job of finely chopping the grass and leaves and the bagging mechanism sucks up the debris really well so you're left with a clean lawn instead of a mulched one.The grass length settings are appropriate too: the lowest setting will NOT scalp your lawn, and the highest setting is good for longer more &#34;organic&#34; type grasses or low growing ground cover.VERY easy to start, which is a huge deal. I wouldn't mow my lawn if I had to battle with a 2-stroke pull-to-start model plus oil and gas.This mower is light enough for a small woman to use easily and strong enough to zip through extra thick patches of grass or weeds. The vacuum mechanism also does a great job on longer grass, pulling it upright so the lawn gets a nice even cut instead of many mowers that mash it down and miss cutting it entirely.
I bought my first electric lawn mower when I bought my first house in 2004.  It was a Black and Decker MM675 with a flip-over handle.  That lawn mower served me well for about 5 years and never let me down.  Then, one day I used it when my lawn was too wet and the motor started to smoke as it bogged down on wet grass!  I could no longer get the MM675 model, so I went to Home Depot and \"upgraded\" to the MM1800, the 18\" corded mulching/bagging mower from Black and Decker.  Immediately I was dissatisfied.  It didn't feel as strong as my old mower, was more unwieldy, and had this awful plastic shroud that made it hard to maneuver.  Everything on it felt cheap, and two years later, it died on me while mowing grass that was not that thick.I decided to try to leave the Black and Decker world and see what else I could find.Bear in mind, I did not consider gas because I don't have the room to keep fuel around and I have a modest size yard.  I did not want cordless battery power because I didn't want to have to keep batteries alive (some require charge/discharge cycles all winter) or buy new batteries.Corded lawn mowers are a fine solution.  Many complain about \"cord management\", but here's the trick.  Your lawn never changes.  Unless you are a professional landscaper (and if you are, buy a gas mower), then you always mow the same lawn.  So the trick is to come up with a mowing pattern where you mow away from the outlet and never trip over the cord.  Once you have a pattern, stick with it and you can mow quickly.Which brings me to the Greenworks 25022 20\" electric bag/mulch/side discharge mower.  It costs a bit more than the Black and Decker, but what a difference.  First, the deck of the mower is metal, not plastic!  That means it is thinner than the B&D.;  Also, with more metal the top is not covered in bulky plastic.  I have a sewer cleanout stand-pipe in my yard.  My Black and Decker MM1800 could never mow close to it so I always had to get out the weed whacker.  I was amazed that the Greenworks 25022 could mow so close that there was no need to come back for cleanup.  I did it all in 1 pass.The amazing thing is that the mower is 20\" instead of the 18\" of the B&D;, meaning I could mow my lawn faster with fewer passes, yet it could also get closer to things due to the smaller shroud over the blade.Other nice features include very large rear tires, what might be the largest in the industry.  They make it far easier to maneuver than models with 7\" or 8\" wheels.  Cord management is a snap with a nice pig-tail cord that secures nicely.  The B&D; model didn't have a pigtail, just a plug on the device itself, and the cord was harder to keep in.This mower also permits side-discharge.  I normally just mulch, but it is nice to have that as an option in addition to bagging.The mower activates with a simple bar that has a 1-button safety.  The safety is easy enough to use to not be obtrusive and the bar is full length so you can grab it from either side.The height adjustment of this mower is far higher quality than the B&D; height adjust.  Strong metal controls with positive stops made height adjustment a snap.For the space limited, the handle folds very easily.  The middle bar doesn't even need to be unscrewed as there are folding posts to \"snap\" it into place, and the screws on the bottom are retained in the unit when it folds so there are no parts to lose.I am a happy convert from Black and Decker, and recommend you give this mower a try!Update from November 2011:When I first reviewed the mower, I commented that I was just mulching.  This weekend I gave the bagging feature a try because I wanted to mow up the leaves all of my yard.  If you mulch those you just make a mess, so I needed to bag.  The bag installed easily - just lift the spring-loaded back door, remove the mulching plug, and the bag has 2 hooked to secure it.  The bag filled up quickly which was to be expected given the large number of leaves I was mowing, but it was easy to empty.  One thing I quickly noticed - the bag is narrow enough to fit between the handlebars.  As a result, I could pick it straight up without bending over and pulling all the way back.  I spilled less clippings and got it emptied far faster.  The bag is obviously well thought out and rounds out a great tool that I recommend with no reservations.Update from Spring 2013:The mower is still going strong.  Just another note - I abuse this thing.  I leave it chained under my deck all year long since I don't have a garage or a tool shed.  It sits in the rain, the snow, the heat, and the cold.  Amazingly, every spring I plug it in, squeeze the handle, and it starts right up.  Can't say that for even lots of gas mowers.  Still gets my recommendation!Update from Spring 2014:I tried a Black and Decker mower this year that was battery operated.  It lasted 2 weeks and died when the blade hit a root and bent 90 degrees.  I went back over to my Greenworks 25022.  It's started to rust a bit (yes, I still keep it outside), but I plugged it in and cut my lawn in a snap.  Still a happy customer!
I am very bummed out to be writing this review, but I'd be doing the public a disservice not to.  I really wanted to love this product and use it and be happy with it, but it just wasn't meant to be.Setup/assembly was a breeze. It fired up immediately and I started mowing away on my small front lawn.  My grass at the time was about 5 inches high, so I had to start with a higher blade setting and go lower as time went on.  It went well for about eight minutes, cutting and mulching like a pro.  And then it just...died.  I tried changing different outlets, different extension cords, but no dice.  Every time I'd try to turn on the mower, it would trip my circuit breaker (15 or 20A on all outlets tried).  I stopped trying when, at one point, I plugged in the extension cord which was already plugged into the mower, and sparks shot out of my outlet.OK, so it's a defected product.  I decided to give the company a chance to remedy this situation before going back to Amazon.  Unfortunately, I couldn't reach Greenworks to save my life.  I stayed on their customer support line in the queue for 20-30 minutes each time, waiting fruitlessly.  I tried right at 9am, right at 4:55 PM, and in between.  I emailed their customer support address and got no response, either.  Not even an email confirmation saying &#34;thanks for reaching us, we'll get back to you in 24-48 hours).  So, with a defective product in hand and no customer service to remedy the situation whatsoever, I am returning this lemon to Amazon.  I don't want a replacement of a product that the company won't bother to support!Again, I'm not happy to be writing this review.  I see so many 5 star reviews on here of extremely happy users.  But, I'm just not one of them.  Too bad.  What will I buy instead?
This mower is exactly what I was hoping for. I'm 5'4 and I can easily handle this mower throughout my yard. The rear bag is a nice feature, although I've just used a few times, since I normally just use the mulching feature. Regarding power, the 12 Amp is enough to keep the mower working properly and with no difficulties (the only time I had to work a little harder with this mower, was in the middle of spring after I neglected my backyard for a few weeks). It also offers many height adjustments.Plus, I'm always trying to go with the more eco-friendly option, and electric garden tools are the right ones for me.
This is my first lawn mower ever and I love it! After 4 months of use I am ready to write a review.PROS: Electric is the way to go,  I could smell the fumes from my neighbor's gas mower and its annoying. The cutting height is easy to adjust. Easy to assemble cause there's not much to assemble. Noise level is actually lower than my neighbor's gas mower. Mulching! I use the mulch plug all the time now (after comparing it to using the catcher). Costs less than the average gas mower. Maintaining it is MUCH easier than the gas mower (No Oil, No Spark Plug, No Gas, No Air Filter... to replace). Lightweight. Large rear wheels.CONS: You have to plan your mowing pattern due to having an electric cord (I ran over my cord once, easy fix). The catcher is a bit small so you'll have to empty it out more often than the large gas mowers (super annoying for a large lawn). The hand grip tears off easily. The rectifier appears to fail over time. For me, it was after 8 months of use on a weekly basis when the rectifier failed...the symptom was that it wouldn't turn on and when I tried, the mower would reset the breaker. Instead of shipping it out for repair, I replaced the rectifier for $10 (shipping included). I found that the rectifier does not have thermal compound to bond it to the heatsink and therefore it overheats and fails over time.Tips to get the best out of your lawn mower:1. Rub some (used or new) motor oil on the underside of the mower so that the grass clippings will not stick and accumulate in the underside...and therefore giving you a better cut.2. Sharpen the blade. It was helpful to view videos on sharpening knives.3. Do not hose down your mower to clean it, you will have to re-lubricate some areas if you do.4. Do not cut more than 1/3 of your grass blade at a time.5. Use a 14 gauge extension cord.6. Mow away from the outlet.OTHER Thoughts: St. Augustine grass can be a serious challenge for this mower, It really struggles with St Augustine during peak warm season (when St Augustine grows thick and luscious). Because St Augustine is thick, the catcher gets filled quickly (also due to the relatively small catcher) and you get a work out emptying the catcher often. It can mulch St Augustine, but if you let it grow too tall, it can struggle, therefore you must keep a consistent and frequent mulching schedule (e.g. every weekend). The mower performs great on all other types of grasses.
Update:Naturally, not long after writing my review this mower started misbehaving.  It would only start up intermittently.  I called customer service and they pointed me to a warranty service company who I took the mower to.  They didn't seem to be very competent or knowledgeable, and naturally they gave me the mower back and said the problem was fixed by replacing the rectifier. So I took it home, fired it up and I was happily mowing again.  However, next week I went to mow, and again, it would not start up.  Same problem as before I took it in for service, so obviously replacing the rectifier did nothing and I wasted my time and gas money for warranty service. It basically will only start up after sitting unused for several weeks. To this day, it still behaves like that. Very frustrating and makes no sense to me why it would act this way.  I was unwilling to keep playing along with warranty service and so I just gave up on this very frustrating mower and bought the Earthwise 20\" electric mower.  So far it has been rock solid with zero issues.  I would be reluctant to purchase this brand again, because I feel like they probably have reliability issues.Original Review:I waited a year to write this review, because I had a black and decker electric mower before that only lasted 6 mos. before the motor died, and I wanted to be sure this one would last at least that long - and it did.  It's still going strong a year later and works as great as the day I got it.  I am a petite woman, and this mower is the perfect balance of power and ease of use - I love this mower - it mows everything perfectly, even small branches and doesn't choke on thicker grass.  And it's lightweight enough that I can push it around easily.  Also, changing the mowing height could not be easier - just move the lever up or down a notch and you're ready to go.  I primarily use this as a mulching mower and it does a great job mulching grass clippings and even leaves in the fall.  I wouldn't hesitate to this purchase this mower again if it ever wears out.
This is exactly what I was hoping for.  I have been using this mower for months now & love it.  I have a neck injury so I needed something relatively light to pust around.  This is perfect for me.  I have a rather small yard and this does a great job.  Quick & easy to use.  All I had to do was get used to the extension cord draggind behind me.  Once I figured out a pattern to mow, there was no problem whatsoever.  Good quality item.  Would recommend this product.
I have a relatively small yard for mowing and this is great! I will probably buy another one of these for my commercial property. NO GAS!!! It gets the job done as well as my expensive gas mowers and is simple to use. I like that it folds down to occupy less space as well. I definitely recommend buying this.
My lawn is about 1/3 acre on a hill. I bought this lawn mower after wasting thousands of dollars on gas mowers over the years. The gas mowers were difficult to start, unreliable, and a pain to maintain. This electric mower has literally changed my life. It is lightweight and easy to maneuver. I don't get headaches from gasoline since it uses none. There is practically no maintenance at all. My favorite part is pressing a button to turn it on, just like a blender. If I am mowing the lawn and need to stop to move debris or if someone comes up to talk to me, I can turn the mower off without fear of not being able to start it again for a while. LIFE CHANGING. Never again will my neighbors point and laugh while I perform the rip cord dance on my front lawn. Never again will I plan my mowing pattern around the hill of my yard, to make sure the gas doesn't flood the engine.The cut is even and beautiful. Yes, if my lawn is thick and I have gone several weeks without mowing during peak growing season, I have to walk more slowly. But it is definitely more than powerful enough for regular lawn mowing and I would never call it underpowered. I always use the mulching mode and it looks as though the grass clippings have disappeared.The first time I mowed with the cord, I wondered if I had made a mistake. There is a trick to it. Cut your yard in half from the point where the cord plugs in. Begin at that center point and mow line by line outward away from it until you have mowed that entire half of the lawn. Then, return to the center point and begin line by line on the other half. In this way, the cord is always behind you. After 3-4 mowings I was so used to the cord that it isn't a bother at all.The wheel height adjusts from one wheel and is the simplest control of its kind in any push mower I have used.I wish I had bought one of these years ago!
I am a huge fan of the GreenWorks product line. This push mower cuts great.  The reason for  3 stars is because the height adjustment bar is made out of very cheap plastic and the locking mechanism that keeps it in place constantly pops out (I expected way better from GreenWorks).  Except for that inconvenience the mower is well made.  Don't forget... with these style mowers you must be sure to pick up any twigs or any other large items in your grass.  If you have trees that drop a lot of small branches this mower will not be convenient for you.
whichever manual mower you buy, make sure the blade is ADJUSTABLE.the Greenworks mower has an adjustable blade which is nice, so if your grass is a bit longer, you can adjust the blade for that.while i use the Greenworks mower, the challenge is this:since you have to empty the grass clippings at least a few times while mowing, it means you've got to remove the grass catcher bag and re-attach it at least a few times (just depends on the size of your lawn). my yard is relatively small, and i have to remove/re-attach about 5 times.on my model, to attach the bag, there's basically just a hook that you place over a rod.  but the attachment is NOT solid.  it's just sort of hanging on which means sometimes, if you come across longer grass or an obstacle or hill,  it can come off and dump the grass clippings which sort of defeats the purpose of the grass catcher. and then you've got to stop, push the grass clipping back into the bag, and then re-attach the bag.after a while, you sort of get the hang of it to minimize the bag popping off, but it still happens.  if you mow once a week and keep the lawn relatively short, the bag won't pop off as much.the bottom line is:Greenworks needs to  redesign how the bag attaches.  if they had some sort of click in/click out type of quick release, that would be the perfect solution.  then it would be easy to remove and re-attach quickly, and not fall off.Also, some other notes:1) the Greenworks manual could be a bit better in terms of what tools they recommend to use to put it together, i.e. specially, how to tighten the nuts. i used a 10 mm ratchet set.2) i made the mistake of trying to cut my grass too short.  after researching it, it seems like leaving the grass a bit longer, esp in summer months, helps the grass shade itself, requiring less water. of course, check with your local lawn expert.  this is just what i've found online.3) some people leave the grass clippings on the lawn and go without a grass catcher.  after researching this, you should only do this if you have a special 'mulching blade' which comes with some gas/electric lawn mowers. (basically cuts the grass up into very fine particles)  if you just leave regular grass clippings on the lawn, it can 'suffocate' the roots resulting in unhealthy lawn.
Only bad thing is the grass catcher, dont use it, even if you do, it wont work anyway. It will pain your brain and drain your veins people. Just put to the side and hope some rodents make a home out of it. Ours is a nice rabbit nest, former rabbit nest. They are all grown now. Hopping along the freshly cut grass. Great unit, hard work, cant wait to use this thing in winter. Sno cone TIME!!!
I bought this product because i remember how nice push mowers are using a Scots mower growing up. This mower was easy to assemble and cuts well. But when cutting it tends to throw the clippings up rather then back into the catcher. This makes the clippings pile up on top of the blades and jams up the mower if you dont stop and clear out the built up cuttings ever min. I would not recommend anyone buying this mower
The GreenWorks 25062 18-inch 5-blade push reel lawn mower is so easy to use and assemble. I bought this for quick mowing jobs rather than dragging out my electric GreenWorks mower. I really like GreenWorks products and own several of their different lawn care equipment. The grass catcher has not been tried yet, because I like to leave the cuttings on the lawn. I recommend this green product.
I am not sure what is going on with Amazon pricing. They seem to have raised their prices across the board. This item was $63 just a couple of days ago. I now feel I have to check local pricing before I order anything from Amazon. Even with tax, local pricing on many items is lower.UPDATE: This item's list price was $69.99 just three days ago. Now it is suddenly $79.99???? I suspect that because the 18\" and 20\" model are out of stock, Amazon raised the price of the only item they have in stock. This is a good way for Amazon to lose the market for this manufacturer.
Having moved into our first house with a yard, I was committed to care for the lawn myself and not hire out.  I researched lawn care heavily and began the routines that most recommend (water heavily and infrequently, mow high, don't cut more than 1/3\" the length when mowing, organic fertilizers, get a soil test, etc.).  Given my yard is small, I wanted to give a reel-type mower a shot.  Also, didn't want any gasoline tanks in the garage.I spent quite a bit of time researching reel mowers and most seem to be good.  For what I wanted to pay, the Greenworks model fit the bill.  The primary reason you choose a reel-type mower is because of the way it cuts (scissor like).  The tips of the blade have very clean cuts and in the Texas heat, rotary-cut lawns and their frayed tips get very brown giving a uniformly poor appearance.  Hence, the reason I did not go with a rechargeable rotary-type.  For the Greenworks, here is my take after the first mowing season:Pros- Clean, scissor like cut- Fairly easy to push and maneuver- No gasoline needed!Cons- Taller weeds/grass require multiple passes- Uneven terrain makes is very difficult to keep the blade spinning- Handle feels very flimsy- Height settings are very limited compared to other reel mowers (highest is 2.75\")- Grass catcher is almost pointless- Although self-powered, it is louder than one would thinkI am committed to keep cutting my lawn with a reel-type mower.  I like the size and eco-friendly nature, but most of all, love the cut.  Based on reviews, it seems there are better models out there that would be better suited for varied terrain, grass heights 
When I received my Toro 20360 e-Cycler I could not wait to charge it up and try it out.  After having the unit charge for about 18 hours I was disappointed it would not start.  I re-read the instructions and tried resetting the circuit breaker and left it charging for another day and I still could not get it to start.  I called the Toro automated customer service and it directed me to contact a local authorized Toro dealer.  Luckily for me, we have one close by.  I dropped the unit off with a copy of my packing slip and they informed me it would be a few days.  Once I received the phone call to pick up my mower I was told the problem was due to a wire not being connected inside the motor, this probably happened during assembly at the plant.  It was an easy fix for them, all they had to do was plug it in.  I was also told that it was nothing I would of been able to fix on my own since I would of needed a special tool to open the motor compartment. They were even nice enough to register the mower on my behalf in case there are any more warranty claims in the future. The mower comes with a two-year full warranty.I finally get to try out our new mower.  I inserted the key, pulled up on the red lever and it started running beautifully.  It is so quiet when it runs.  No fumes or smoke for me to gag on.  It mulches the grass in a fine grade.  The bag is easy to empty and remove if you don't want use it.  All four wheels are adjustable for your preference in grass height.The only negative things I can say is that the mower does not have any kind of LED status for how much charge is left.  On the average I got about 45 minutes of use on one charge.  There is a status light on the AC plug when charging the unit -- red it's charging, green the charge is complete.  I also was somewhat shock on how heavy the mower is.  We have 2 acres of land, so we use a riding mower for most of the yard except the detailing and trimming around trees and walkways. We have some steep inclines and it was hard on my muscles pushing the mower up hill, it is quite heavy.  Too bad it is not self propelling.Other than the two things I mentioned above, I am extremely please with the even level cutting power and performance of the Toro 20360 e-Cycler.  Emissions free and powerful.
The good the bad and the ugly:Although the metal deck and electric motor are stoutly built the mounting of the 3 batteries and the \"hood\" is not so good. My mower arrived with the two ty-wraps that are supposed to hold the batteries down snapped with the result that the batteries moved and broke the hood and the part where the key and charger plugin mount. Obviously they did not take shipping into account when designing this unit (shipping is typically the most brutal treatment a device will experience in it's lifetime). Anyway, plenty of epoxy (super glue won't work on the kind of plastic they use) and some more ty-wraps and it was ready to be tested.Here is where I was surprised. It did a great job! The batteries had enough juice to mow the whole yard (about 15 minutes) and seemed to be running strong when I was finished. It is quieter than a gas mower but still makes plenty of noise so you know it is running.The Good:- Basically the same metal deck and blade a gasoline mower of the same size would use.- The 3 motorcycle type sealed batteries have plenty of capacity for small yards- No extension cords to deal with since it is battery powered.- Nice looking unitThe Bad:- Well, it is not designed to be shipped so you may end up having to send a few back for replacement or have a local Toro repair shop replace the broken parts under warranty.- There is no place to store the key when the mower is not in use. IMPORTANT: Do not leave the key in when not using the mower. It would be way too easy for an unsuspecting child (or even adult) to turn the thing on and do some serious injury. (Advantage of electric: Instant On. Disadvantage of electric: Instant On)- There is no indication of how much power there is left in the batteries so you may just run out of juice part way through mowing. Probably not a huge issue for small yards if you charge after every use.- It struggles with very deep cuts. You are not supposed to cut more than 1/3 of the height of the lawn at a mowing so as long as you keep up with the mowing, this should work fine. If you tend to let things go until the mountain lions start hiding out in your front yard, you best stick with a big, powerful gasoline model.The Ugly- Nothing really. It is a good looking mower and quiet enough for the neighbors to be happy.
I can't believe I actually bought a lawnmower over the internet. This replaces a plug in electric mower that died. Its a little heavier but not too heavy for my wife, myself or my 9 year old grandson. I use it with the bag on. Its powerful and does a good job.
Ladies, before I got this Toro e-Cycler, I had never, ever, ever cut the grass before . . . never, ever, ever . . . not even once.  (Maybe just like you. )  This probably goes back to high school, when one of the girls in my neighborhood told me her father had cut off two of his fingers, while cutting the grass.  Not being a brave child, I internalized what she said, and  forever saw a lawn mower as being totally dangerous!  (Not to mention, you can always find a guy to cut the grass for you.)I decided, however, it was high time to overcome this childhood fear.  I heard that electric lawn mowers were easier for females to use, due to the cord thing you have to pull to start gas lawn mowers.  Yes, that is a sexist observation, but I'm afraid I do have weak arm muscles.  (Maybe just like you.)  Thus, electric was the way to go.  The e-Cycler is also only a 20-inch lawn mower.  And it is quite pretty!  It's bright red with a deep black grass bag.  I would have preferred hot pink, but I don't think Toro makes hot pink lawn mowers.Okay, ladies... when Amazon ships these lawn mowers, they use UPS, and the UPS guy will be quite happy to put your big lawn mower box in the garage for you.  It  comes almost totally assembled.  All you have to do is unfold the handles and tighten the handle knobs by hand.  If you want to do this yourself, do it right away before any guys see the box.  Yes, to many guys, a big Toro box is like a big Christmas present with a big bow on it.  They will be fighting over who gets to open the box and assemble the lawn mower.Next, it is VERY important to read the directions, especially all the safety warnings.  And it was worse than I feared!  Not only can you lose fingers or toes while cutting the grass, objects can shoot out from under the lawn mower, and injure or kill you, children, pets or innocent bystanders.  I'm not joking!  Even a worn grass bag  can \"result in serious personal injury or death to the operator or bystanders\".  You're suppose to wear shoes, long pants, safety glasses and no jewelry, while cutting the grass.  Today, when I cut the grass for the first time, it was very hot, so I'm afraid I wore shorts instead of long pants.  I also had no safety glasses, so that was out, too.  (Of course, though, if my friend in high school had told me her father was blinded while cutting the grass, I would have run right down to the hardware store and bought safety glasses!)Starting the lawn mower was very easy.  You just put the key in the key slot, and pull out a plastic lever on the handle, which turns on the lawn mower.  When you let go of the lever, the lawn mower turns off in three seconds.  What could be easier?  I first checked the lawn for rocks, sticks and baby bunnies, and then just pulled out the lever.  After pushing it for approximately 60 seconds, one of my  neighbors suddenly appeared , with her dog on a leash,  just a couple of feet away from me, and announced:  \"It is quiet!\"  Totally shocked someone was standing so close to me and my operating lawn mower, I just stared at her at first, but then asked:  \"Do you mean the lawn mower?\"  She replied:  \"Yes, it's very quiet.\"  Okay!  Ladies . . . if you are looking for a quiet lawn mower, this is the one to get, according to my lovely neighbor, who along with her dog, wasn't injured or killed by me and my operating lawn mower.Mowing right along, I discovered cutting grass is a lot like vacuuming, only it takes more arm strength.  It's actually sort of like a cardio workout, too.  Instead of feeling tired after cutting the grass, I actually felt energized.  Yes, ladies . . . it's good exercise!  And it will build up your arm muscles!  In the fall, you can also use it to mulch all the pretty leaves in your yard, too, when they are no longer pretty.  Then, after the yard cutting season is over, the directions say you can store your Toto for three months, without recharging it.  I guess that means in the dead of winter, if you have a winter where you live, you are going to have to recharge it every three months.  You also much recharge the battery after cutting the grass every time.  But, hey, there's no gas to buy or spill, and no gas cord thing that needs yanking!  Also, remember to sweep off the surface of the lawn mower after each use, and check the blade area for anything caught up in the blade.  And don't listen to any guy who tells you to wash it down with a hose!  It's electric . . . and the coolest, easiest lawn mower a girl could get!
&lt;SUMMARY>  In a crowded field the Toro compares well based on it's performance - it cuts and mulches *very* well.  Where it falls short is on features and to a lesser extent, construction.  If I had to do it again, I'd take a closer look at the B&D; CM1936. Both of these mowers were the top picks in the March 2010 Consumer Reports. I would rate this as 4+ st
Every Spring I have problems with ants and slugs.  Granted, it's been a cold Spring, however, I have seen far fewer of these pests than normal.  For the slug aspect alone it's a good investment.  The ants were a little harder to get rid of.  They eventually succumbed.
I used this as directed, but after two weeks, I still have ants. I mostly have a problem with ants outdoors, so maybe this is just not a good solution for outdoors areas. However, according to other reviewers, It's possible that after another few weeks, I might see a decrease in the ant population, so I'm still waiting, and I may update this review if I see a noticeable change.
I have a bad silverfish problem, they are all over the place inside and outside the house. I have been using boric acid as my permitter protection but it wasn't helping much. I finally gave the Terro Ant Bait and wow! I see dead silverfish all over! I don't use this product inside the house but I think it also has help slightly for the problems indoors as I don't see as much (still plenty but not as much as before). I liberally apply this throughout the outside wall of the house. I re-apply when it gets wets, so far so good.FWIW, I use Hot Shot Roach and Ant spray to kill siverfish indoor. It is an instant silverfish killer!
This is perimeter treatment, which must be noted. This isn't to put on top of existing anthills and watch them die (though it will do that). This is to secure a perimeter around your house that will keep the ants away. There is enough here to pretty safely do that. If you are wanting something to pour on the hills in your yard, there are cheaper alternatives that will work as well. I don't know if this will keep the ants away as long as they say it will (I only applied it last week), but I'm willing to give it a shot. Of course, the problem with this type of treatment is that any high-traffic area (driveway, sidewalk, etc) is going to just get swept away so there will always be weak spots in the perimeter. Still, if you don't want to pay a pest control company to put out the bait traps, this is a cheaper alternative.
I've always loved Terro's ant bait - the liquid ones that you use for indoor. So I thought I'd try this out for outdoor use. Note: this bait is meant only for outdoor and it's not liquid!The bait this time consists of small granular modules - about the size of very tiny pebbles. It's also slightly brownish in color - looks somewhat like rock salt.I tried it out on a couple of spots where we had ant infestation outdoors, and the very next day the ants seemed to have disappeared! Only in one spot I could still see ants and I put some more. The next day that spot was clear of ants too.I'd recommend this to anyone who's looking to get rid of ants or other outdoor pests (cockroaches, crickets, etc.).
Using this Ant Bait Plus is simple, handy, and really works well.  We have been using Terro products for years in the liquid form for inside the house.  Coming up with a product which works so well outside is the right thing for those of us who have ant problems around the perimeter of the house.  I highly recommend.
I was really hoping this would work! We have a springtime invasion of very tiny black ants. They are particularly attracted to the kitchen sink, probably as a source of water.When they showed up this spring I immediately put out some diatomaceous earth. It didn't stop them so I ordered this Terro product. It's supposed to be fairly safe to use but the instructions said to wear gloves when applying. I didn't own appropriate gloves so I had to buy some. Then I sprinkled the bait around the foundation of the house. It was barely enough.It's supposed to start working in a few days and at first I thought it might be doing something because there seemed to be a decrease in numbers of ants. However, three weeks later we still have ants! Every morning I see a bunch of them in the kitchen sink and on the backsplash, plus a few near the dog's dish and a couple in the bathroom. Today I saw hundreds in the outdoor garbage can even though it stands only a foot from the wall where I applied the bait.This product is borate-based so it is a derivative of boric acid. Boric acid is considered safer than many pesticides, although it still carries risks. According to Wikipedia, it is \"poisonous if taken internally or inhaled in large quantities.\" In this ant bait, the borate appears to be coated with something so it is not as likely to be inhaled as plain boric acid powder is. I assume the coating is supposed to be tasty to ants. Perhaps our ants are picky eaters because they are still alive.
Where I live we have a problem with Fire ants.  I have tried so many things, but they only move a foot over...  This stuff has a neat concept, you put it on the mound and around the mound.  This way they cannot leave and slowly die (you have to try not to disturb them so they do not pack up and leave).  I put this on the mounds and put a small perimeter around each mound and than just gradually spread this around the problematic areas of my yard and around my house (it went a long way).  I waited until the day before it was going to rain so that I would not have to water them myself, and the next morning I woke up to rain, so I know they got watered in really good!  This stuff is light and is easy to apply since you can just hold it askew or upside down and shake it, the cap allows for it to be help upside down and not come out unless you are shaking (which is nice).  Your hand does get tired, but it is not as bad as some of the bags that you have to hold and pour carefully.  It is a nice granule and lands where you pour it (heavy enough to not blow away like some powder forms).In the end this stuff is easy to apply and its system makes sense on surrounding and destroying.  Hopefully it will help control my fire ant problem, although as long as my neighbor has her yard treated, I fear they will continue to run from her yard to mine (I did put a line of this down our border on my side).  I have my fingers crossed!!
I've been fighting several varieties of ants for years.  I've mainly used sprays and they kill them for a short while and then they come right back.  This bait seems to have taken care of the common, medium sized black ants, but the tiny black ants in another part of the yard don't seem interested in it and they continue to thrive.It's easy to spread and seems to be quite resistant to the sprinkler.Ants are very hard to get rid of and this product seems to do a good job on some varieties.  It's certainly worth a try.
I put this \"bait\" around the perimeter of my house about a month ago. The packaging is very convenient and has a hinged cap for the top portion as seen in the illustration and the bottom portion of the cap has holes. Turning the plastic container upside down and squeezing the sides causes the granules to escape through the cap holes. The granules are teeny tiny and seem to be only slightly larger than dust particles. After applying the granules I could no longer see them in the mulch, pine straw and other vegetation that encircles the perimeter of my house. One of the other reviewers placed some of this product on a sheet of paper to observe any insect activity. That is a great idea and makes for a more accurate analysis of the product but unfortunately I did not think of doing that. As a result I can only report on what I see and what I see is a whole bunch of live ants. There was a time when I saw what I had hoped was an ant funeral procession which I was willing to attribute to Terro Ant Bait consumption but it turned out to be just a parade to and from an ant food source.I have no evidence to support an ant population decrease and therefore have no choice but to rate this one star. I have several varieties of ants but they all seem to be thriving despite the generous supply of Terro Ant Bait which I provided for them.
This really works to keep ants at bay. We live on Alabama florida Line and the ants come in when it rains. Since my husband put this out we have not had an ant infestation in our home.  I went out this morning and saw a trail of ants going around the perimiter of the bait looking for a new home.  Highly reccommend.
I've used many smaller Terro Ant Bait traps in the past, the liquid gell stuff that are in the small traps. And they've always worked wonderfully. This product is no exception. It works in similar ways, attracting the ants until you get a whole herd of them. After several days of heavy ant traffic it's start dying down and then I don't even see them anymore.It's a great product, and I highly recommend it. It's great for the price.
This year we got two waves of ant infestation - one with big black ants, and then tiny ones, two weeks later. With the first wave, I used Terro Ant baitTerro PreFilled Liquid Ant Killer II Baits  6 Pack  T300inside the house, and two days later I received the Terro 2 lb. Ant Bait Plus T2600 and applied it all around the house perimeter. Both products have the same poison in them, so I was confident I could use them at the same time. The first and second day I had tons of drowsy ants walking around my kitchen floor, but then they disappeared.Two weeks later the teeny tiny ants arrived. Those are easy to track to their home, so I applied more of the Terro bait all along their path. Same thing happened - by the next day I saw a lot more ants, but today I couldn't find any.
Terro ant bait is pricey, twenty bucks for 12 ounces, but worth it. Just a little sprinkle where you see outside ants and they're history. We use in Spring, then in Summer and Fall, if needed. Ants are always invading your yard again from other places, so repeat applications will be needed, but this bait is very effective because it kills the QUEEN, eliminating her colony. In Spring, we blow out all around the foundation edge of our house, then sprinkle Grants lightly IN the crack all around the foundation, repeating this method again at the start of Summer and Fall. This effectively keeps ants OUT of the house. We live in a mild weather area (no hard freezes) so must be vigilant about ants all year - Terro does the job!
This is a very large shaker bottle of ant bait - it will last a very long time.  Every time I see a new ant hill crop up on my property I go out and shake these granules around it and a few days later it's completely gone.  A very good product that works!
I had two big truck loads of wood-chips delivered for the garden to keep the weeds down.BIG Mistake. The wood chips where full of Carpenter Ants, and earwigs.We dug into the pile of wood chips, and sprinkled Terro Ant Bait.It does take a couple of weeks for the Ants etc. to take the bait back to there holes , and KILL the QUEEN..Yay..Once the Queen is dead, the whole colony is dead...This does work.I also sprinkle some under the flower pots, and places where the dogs or cat could not get to it.It does take at least a couple of weeks to get the Carpenter ants, earwigs etc, to come out for this bait, take it back tothe Queen, and that is the end of your bug problem..That said , new bugs will come from other new colonies, and you have to start with the bait again,,But this will kill the bugs you have now.Just give it time, Terro does work...I will always keep this in my garage, with other Terro products, cause they all work..
Spring is the time that ants become more active and start popping up in and around your house. The best choice is a bait that will end up destroying the entire colony, and this Terro ant bait fits the bill. It works best as a \"perimeter\" around your house, and this container is sufficient for application around most size houses. I was well pleased with  this product.
Anybody attempting to do their own exterminating with only one product is like a plumber trying to do his job with only one tool: a screwdriver.There are at least a dozen different types of ants in most regions and some require different types of treatments.  Many ants march in trails 50 to 60 feet from their mound or bed.One year, I sprayed ant trails all summer long and couldn't find the bed.  That fall, I moved a whiskey barrel planter located 60 feet from the house and discovered a huge bed underneath.I've been doing my own exterminating for 30 years.  It took me 10 years to get it right.Professional exterminators will tell you that DIY methods are ineffective.  That's not true.  It can be done. Granted, licensed exterminators have access to certain chemicals that homeowners do not. Even so, it is possible with the available chemicals if applied correctly.The most common way to see an ant die immediately is to stomp it or spray it with poison.  While you are stomping or searching for a can of spray, the queen has laid a dozen more eggs.We live on a heavily-wood hilltop in the middle of 10 acres surrounded by pastures where fire ants and many other kinds of ants thrive. There are many kinds of invading ants and they have different diets, characteristics and preferred environments.Save yourself a bundle of money.  Over the past 30 years, I've saved $21,000.00 based on a savings of $700.00 a year less than the professional companies charge my friends and relatives for a termite contract.In the foundation holes of my house, I use plain boric acid powder available at most dollar stores. It is advertised as ant and roach killer. The 2-pound squeeze bottle is what I use. It's cost about $4.00. It is cheap and effective. Cut the top off the spot and generously squeeze it in. It lasts for years killing ants, roaches and other invading insects.Around the outside of the foundation, through 2013, I applied Ortho Home Defense Max Termite and Destructive Bug Killer double strength at 3 ounces per gallon instead of the 1.5 recommended. Initially, I did this 2 years in a row. This is a liquid concentrate formula. 32 ounces makes 10.6 gallons of double strength mixture, costs about $40.00 and lasts up to 5 years. I apply every 3 years.Because every professional exterminator I know uses and recommends Talstar, in 2014, I switched brands. It is far more economical. That is a big plus in the expensive bug killing business.  The cheaper cost allows me to apply more often if needed for the same budget.The EPA banned Chlorodane in 1988.  Chlorodane was effective for 35 years.  Since 1988,  Ortho Home Defense Max Termite and Destructive Bug Killer is the best termite protection the unlicensed consumer can buy.Once a year, with a spreader, I apply a granular, broad spectrum insect killer in a 50-foot perimeter around the house.The next step is where the Terro Bait comes in. I've used Terro Bait for several years as my choice of bait for sugar ants. It works. The problem is that ant's taste buds change with the seasons.  I've heard people say, \"the bait is no longer working.\"  The solution is simple.  Offer a choice of baits that attracts both sugar and protein ants. I don't want to attract ants near my home. I want to kill them before they get near. I place the bait beyond the perimeter of the granular poison. When the ants halt their march at the perimeter, I offer them a picnic until they decide where to go next. They will crawl all over the bait for about 2 weeks. That's about how long it takes for the workers to get the boric acid into the mound and feed the queen her last supper.My personal recipe for sugar ants in large quantities is 3 cups of sugar, 2 ounces of honey, 4 cups of boiling water and 1 ounce of boric acid.  Stir until mixture has completely dissolved and allow to cool. This mixture will also eliminate any yellow jacket problem.For protein ants, I use creamy peanut butter instead of sugar.WARNING: Please be careful to place liquid baits where no birds or animals can get to your trap. I cover mine with 1/2\" mesh hardware cloth weighted with a rock or brick on top.  Place where rain water will not weaken formula and sun will not quickly evaporate.Check out what an exterminator charges for a contract and know that you can do it yourself for 25% of the quote...and in most cases...get far better results.Check out what exterminators charge for burying those little \"green\" plastic traps all around a house and monitoring them every month.  I've known more than one homeowner protected by this \"environment friendly\" method to suffer termite damage.  Granted, the contract requires the exterminating company to make the repairs.  Yet still, there's all the turmoil of the construction workers, the mess and inconvenience to deal with.  I've seen this happen a few times.  It's a pain.Some homeowners have their exterminator visit twice a month during the warm months.  They have to keep coming back because they only spray where the homeowner tells them to spray.If the job was done right the first time, they'd only have to make one trip a year...but the exterminators wouldn't make nearly as much money either.Don't take the bait unless you don't have a choice.
I put this around the perimeter of our home, per the instructions, and so far so good - no bugs close to the house (but then before the application, I didn't have any either).I DO have some active ant hills in the yard (in the grass), and I put this generously on those, and waited a week.  Today I checked, and some of the ants are still there, active and happy.  I'm NOT.  I'd rather use a liquid that I can pour on these ant hills and kill all those nasty bugs, as that seams to work better than dry granules, bait, or whatever this is all suppose to be.  I won't be purchasing more of this.
I spread this around the perimeter of our house and it seems to be keeping the tiny invaders at bay. I like that it treats almost all of the common insect pests, and that it is a dry spreadable product. Who needs to mess around with spraying liquids? I've never once looked forward to putting on my face mask, eye mask, pumping up the sprayer and so on. Thank you Terro!
I have an ant problem in my yard, mostly in the lawn. When spring arrives, so do the ants. They live in the lawn and dine on the lawn. My driveway has cracks along the bottom of the joints and the ants fill those up with their anthills. I've used a number of pesticides like Spectracide with limited and temporary success. I had a bag of Spectracide left over from last year in the yard storage and when I pulled it out this year I noticed field mice had eaten three holes in the bag (Yum!). I checked inside and around the storage building and found no dead mice. It was time to try something else.The ants don't seem interested in invading our home; my lawn seems to be a higher priority on their menu. I used a pair of 2-pound jugs of \"TERRO Perimeter Ant Bait Plus\" and spread the granules according to the instructions along the sides of the driveway, around the perimeter of the house and directly on the lawn. On the front of the jug the manufacturer claims this ant bait will also kill carpenter ants, cockroaches, crickets, earwigs, silverfish, slugs and snails. On the peel-open instructions on the back of the jug there is a list of \"specific\" kinds of ants, cockroaches, and crickets that this product will \"specifically\" exterminate. Some of the pests mentioned are the Argentine ants, Asian cockroaches and Camel crickets. I'm not sure if the word \"specifically\" means this product will only kill those specific kinds of pests or whether they are simply examples of the more unusual kinds of pests it will kill. The manufacturer provides a 1-800 number on the back of the jug for customer questions.I found no general list of the ingredients contained in this ant bait except that it contains Orthoboric Acid. This is the only active ingredient listed and is identified as being 5% of the total ingredients. Interestingly, the rest is referred to as \"Other Ingredients: 95%.\" What comprises the 95% is not stated on the label. There is plenty of cautionary information on the front and back labels, which includes a reminder that \"It is a violation of Federal law to use this product in a manner inconsistent with its labeling.\" The instructions are in English and Spanish and are clear and easy to follow.The manufacturer also claims this product has \"Weather Resistant Granules.\" I had a couple of anthills with observable ant activity on my driveway so I sprinkled some of the bait around the anthills. The next day there was no noticeable activity. That night it rained and, though the granules had been mostly washed away, there was still some down in the driveway joint where the anthill was. I checked that spot again today and there is still no ant activity.The container is bright orange (see photo) and is ribbed on the sides for easy gripping while pouring. Considering the potentially hazardous contents, I was surprised to find there was no seal over the blue container cap. Usually this is added for safety and to alert the customer whether the contents has been tampered with. The large easy-open flip-top cap has several large holes on the surface of the inner cap for shaking out the bait. For additional safety there is also a seal under the cap, over the mouth of this recyclable container. CAUTION: The container I received from Amazon (I purchased the second jug from my local hardware store) had a safety seal but it had been pealed back and some of the contents was missing. With no tamper-proof seal over the cap and the second safety seal compromised, this particular product should never have been shipped. This is the second time a similar product has been shipped to me from Amazon in this same condition. Though I didn't report the problem the first time, this time I contacted Amazon's Customer Service to alert them of this dangerous practice.So far, I have been pleased with the \"TERRO Perimeter Ant Bait.\" Only time will tell if it does the job on my ant-infested lawn.
I have nice things to say about Terro:-it's easy to apply and not too heavy to carry around-the granules are solid and aren't easily blown away-ants eat the heck out of it-and once ants learn their lesson, they won't get near it...hence, you create a wall of the granules around your home, hence the \"Fortress\"-I also just started using it in my basement and in my attic.  I have these weird roach/beetle things that are showing up downstairs.  I'm hoping it's as effective on bigger insects as it is on antsEvery spring, I build the fortress!  I even put it around my lawn perimeter to keep ants out from the horseshoe area.  You won't be disappointed.
I live in a very humid area of the country, so I figured I'd give this product a tough trial.  I was especially pleased to be able to try it before 'ant season' was in full swing.  Accordingly I read the directions, sprinkled the stuff all around the house perimeter, as directed, and hoped for a miracle.Though this did not eliminate ants completely, it did indeed cut way back on the evidence of ants.  And (YAY!) I haven't seen a slug yet.  This stuff purports to fend off slugs (a big problem for me in my house).  So, 5 stars for anti-slug efficacy; 3 stars for ant repelling powers.  Technically that should mean a 4-star rating. It's still better than anything else I have tried to date. But it does not eliminate ants, unfortunately.
I tend to have a gentle view on dealing with creatures. When we have a moth infestation, I pull out my bug net and we catch them and release them outside. The phoebes nesting in our roof then catch them and feed them to their chicks. So when we had an ant infestation in our kitchen, I tried to go the gentle route.We first tried planting mint and other anti-bug plants around the foundation. No luck, the ants kept coming back. Next we got a bunch of Diatomaceous earth and made a \"moat\" around the house. Again, no luck. The ants didn't seem to mind that much.So when this Terro Ant Bait came up on the Vine program, I agreed we could give this a try. After all, as much as I try to be bug-friendly, I just don't want ants crawling all over the kitchen.Wow, was it great. Very quickly we had practically no ants at all left in the house. It was very easy to apply and it did the job it was supposed to. So for us it's definitely a keeper.Highly recommended.We got the Terro Ant Bait through the Amazon vine program to review. We'll definitely be buying more.
Terro 2 lb. Ant Bait Plus T2600. This container is easy to open and handle, no smell from the granules. It is better to hold the jug and squeeze it than to shake it. It spreads the granules out further that way and faster. I noticed that the ants were coming to the bait within 1 1/2 hours of putting the bait out. I really like that it is weather resistant.
My outdoor ants positively love this TERRO ANT BAIT PLUS T2600!  An hour or two after I spread it along my condo's foundation, there were ants happily swarming all around the bait.  This was no surprise:  I ordered this stuff because theTerro PreFilled Liquid Ant Killer II Baitsworked wonderfully well at eliminating the tiny indoor ants that seemed totally indifferent to the Grant's Ant Stakes that I've used for many years to control indoor and outdoor ants.  (My condo seems to have been built on a giant ant hill.)This ant bait is \"Plus\" because it supposedly controls snails, slugs, cockroaches, and other pests.  It seems to be a moderately heavy-duty pesticide, because the label instructions say to wear protective clothing (waterproof gloves, long sleeves, long trousers, shoes and socks), and to change and wash the clothing after applying the bait.  The bait is harmful to humans if absorbed through the skin.The bait itself is very easy to apply, and there's no need to touch it.  The granules are small, but heavy enough not to be picked up by the slightest of breezes (as happens with ant/slug/snail bait in \"meal\" form).  Because they're small, the granules are easily broadcast with the shaker top.  The label instructions say that the bait can be used both outdoors and indoors, but indoor use will obviously require extra care to keep the bait in cracks and crevices and other places where people and animals won't be coming into contact with it.  For indoor use, I'm going to stick with the pre-filled liquid bait traps, but I'm delighted with the way that this Terro Ant Bait Plus attracts and controls outdoor ants.
We put the ant bait around the house and on some ant beds that we had in the yard. I did notice a difference and didn't see nearly as much ant activity. I'm happy with the product!
i have a yard that is populated with plenty of fire ants and carpenter ants. i am using terro ant bait to try to lower their numbers and to keep them under control. it is working okay so far. it is very easy to use. the plastic container is a shaker and makes it easy to apply the granules to mounds of ants. it is a slow kill product so the workers take the granules they collect down into the mound to share. i can see some good results. so far i am happy with this product. thank you!
Since moving to Florida, we have been plagued by ants.  Ants, ants, ants everywhere.  We've tried everything.  We got the Raid stuff from the grocery store.  Nothing.  We made our own mixture of honey and boric acid.  Nothing.  The ants were laughing at us as they invaded the house over and over.  Until....we found Terro.  This stuff is the bomb!  Literally.  We put it out in a few places outside and literally, the next day the ants were gone.  They also have a liquid ant bait that's refillable that you can use inside your house and it's safe from pets.  This stuff is really terrific and I highly recommend it if you've got pesky ants in and around your house.
Every year I have a problem with pavement ants (the tiny black ones).  I don't like poisons to be around me, my family or my entire house.  That's where Terro comes in.  Basically, the Terro products I used are:1) Indoors:Terro PreFilled Liquid Ant Killer II Baits  6 Pack  T3002) Outdoors:Terro 901 Ant Killer 3lb Shaker BagThe thing I like about the Terro products for ant control is that their active ingredient is basically Boric Acid (Borax).  Borax isn't poisonous to humans with the exception of infants.  That's good as long as it works.Both products are bait which means it attracts the very thing you're trying to get rid of.  Seems counterintuitive but it isn't.  The question to ask is are you playing a short game with poison to kill ants on contact or a long game using bait to kill the entire colony.  Like I said, I don't want to be continuously exposed to any more poison than I have to -- so, the long game it is.The 2 lb. jug contained enough bait for me to make a barrier around my entire house.  Where I had decking, I used a broom to make sure some fell through the cracks.I know this product works because I've used similar Terro products in the past.  The way it usually works is that you'll see increased ant activity for a few days and then there is a dramatic decrease over time.  Overall, this is a much \"greener\" product that is far less expensive than having an exterminator spray poison. A+ Terro!As far as the liquid product I use indoors goes, it works the same way.
I have been using this product for a few weeks now and saw a reduction of ants, however there is an area around a vegetable garden where I still see a lot of activity. After a few rains you can still see some granules. Overall a good product but definitely needs a long term review to show true effectiveness.
I applied this several times in increasing amounts to see just how much it would take to make an impact.  In most cases the answer was \"a lot\".  In small amounts I'd see ants merrily walking through it ignoring it.  Of a dozen problems locations I tried, two seem to have had an impact on the colony, and that was when I encircled them completely using lots with no escape.  One of the biggest failures was my mailbox which gets swarmed when it rains.  I surrounded the post, put some on post ledges, and some in the back of the mailbox where they were entering; they just ant-laughed at me.  I didn't use at the indoor areas where ants were entering because of pets/children.Shockingly perhaps, I have the better ant control results with the plastic bait traps combined with spraying active areas.
I had carpenter ants in a wall I took out during a remodel. I sprayed the inside of the wall with Real Kill and raid before we insulated and dry walled. The room is 5 feet above a concrete cistern and I found where the ants were getting in and calked the opening. Two nights later I saw carpenter ants all over the wall and they had chewed a big hole in the calk and began to re-enter the same wall! I couldn't believe it. I tried Amdro with little results, it has worked in the past after about 6 months of diligent weekly applications but it took forever to get rid of them and they obviously returned. I tried Terro placing it in the line of Carpenter ants at night when they are on the move. Two days later I no longer saw them anywhere on the building. I will re-apply again to be sure but it sure seems to have done the trick. If they come back I will report back but so far so good!Update, after a week the carpenter ants returned. I re applied this product but it did nothing but make them move for a short while. I tried seven dust around the outside where the trails were at night and that really worked i even found dead ants.
The Terro granular ant bait does what it is supposed to do - get rid of ants (and according to the label it also is effective on cockroaches, earwigs, silverfish, slugs, snails and crickets). I used it in a few ant beds in our garden and sprinkled it on some massive ant beds at a friend's business. Several days of rain occurred but the ant bait worked. A few days later I could not find a trace of them. The bait is made from boric acid. You should use it carefully and avoid getting it on your skin. The product can be used as a barrier treatment (around a building) or for individual mounds.
We had been inundated with ants in our kitchen for several days and used ant baits, cinnamon and pepper on the counters, another brand of ant killer outside around the foundation and still had the ants!  After using Terro Ant Bait in the same area as the other brand the ants were gone, gone, gone!  When you open the cap on the bottle it has a shaker so your not just dumping the powder on the ground. We sprinkled the powder until the area was covered and it did a great job, no more pesky ants!  It took about 24 hours to get rid of them.  Our house is 2500 square feet and we used half of the bottle to cover the area.  Terro is superior to other brands we have used outside and with the shaker there isn't any waste.  We highly recommend this product.
I use the Terro product for indoors, which works great, and judging from the lack of ants at my garage door this one works as well. I used another granular type ant treatment before but I didn't like having to water it, and it didn't get rid of the ants. Terro doesn't require watering, and the ants are attracted to it. I was hoping to see them carrying it off or eating it as with the indoor version, but I didn't see any, but after a week or so the granules at the garage door are gone, and I haven't seen any new ant hills. Terro is a product that works, and I recommend it.
We have a big indoor and outdoor problem with ants in the low desert where I live.  They just won't give up. I spray and they return within a few hours or days.  I like how easy this product is to use, shake it around the perimeter of the house or garage and it doesn't melt away.  The shaker top is easy to use and 2 pounds is enough as long as you don't pile it up to go all around the outside of my house (1400sq ft, patio, and double car garage) if it is sprinkled sparingly.  I did notice after a  few days a decrease in ants.  They were totally eliminated but it helped.  With pests a multi-approach usually works best.
We have three kinds of native fire ants here in SE Arizona (not the imported ones found in the SE), and this product seems to do a good job of eliminating the colonies.  Now to see if they come back.
I've had a lot of success with the Terro indoor liquid ant baits, so I decided to give this product, the \"Terro 2 lb. Ant Bait Plus T2600\" a try.  It seems that no matter how many ants we kill inside the house, a few months later, they're back.  This product is meant for applying outside of your home, and is to be spread around the house's perimeter.  Any ants trying to get in will, in theory, find this poison and take it back to their colony, killing it before they can find their way in.In my case, it's mostly worked.  I've noted a few spots outside where I had ants before and they're gone now after I put down this bait.  I'm still seeing ants inside of my house, though in lesser amounts.  I'm hoping that a combination of indoor bait traps and this outdoor bait will eventually get rid of most of my ants. I suspect its a losing battle, as ants more will just move back into my yard from my neighbor's property even if I'm completely successful, but at least it's helping.  Four stars.
I put this trimmer to the test a couple of times for broadleaf weeds and to trim grass.  It cut through the weeds like a hot knife through butter but the auto feed feature did not work straight out of the box on first use.  To date it still does not advance the line.  I have to stop, turn the unit upside down and press the manual feed button to advance the lines while pulling on them as well.  It's a pain to do and since it's top heavy it's awkward to hold up.  I then tried trimming my lawn and although it does a great job of trimming it's difficult to use with the metal wire guide.  You cannot just drag the unit on the guide due to it tipping over.  Like everyone else recommended, there should be a wheel there instead of the thin wire.  To make this work I would have to lift then lower each time to trim which is time consuming and energy depleting.  When I tried holding it up without the guide it became difficult to go in a straight path due to fatigue.  I'm 6 feet tall and even though I have this unit fully extended all the way out I still have to hunch over to get it low to the ground to trim.  Even with those cons the unit is powerful and when you finally get the hang of it, it will get the job done.  I hope when it's time to change the spool it won't be a problem.  I'm going to use this trimmer strictly for cutting weeds between cracks and get another trimmer that has an actaul blade with a wheel guide.  I believe Black and Decker has a model with those features.  I don't recommend this trimmer if you would have an issue with anything I wrote above.
I love the greenworks products and ideals. I would have preferred a greenworks trimmer that had a 90 head. Since one wasnt available I bought this one. After the first use I tried to clean it up a bit. I used the hose to knock off some of the heavy stuff and 2 weeks later it died. I called their customer support, they sent me to a repair guy who took 2 days to repair it and its been good as new since. I didnt have to pay a cent. Like I said in the title, its fairly heavy. I have quite a bit of trimming in my yard to do and after about 10min the weight starts getting to me. All in all i am happy with the product
Now my last \"schweaty\" boy is out of the house and stationed in South Korea, I've become a Weed-Whacking Mama! Although in Texas we pump our own gas, the thought of messing with gasoline, oil, spark plugs, gas filters and the other stuff the old weed-eater required was a bigger turnoff than the actual weed-whacking chore. I knew I wanted an electric one DELIVERED to my front door. Hello Amazon Reveiws for input ... I'm so glad someone returned theirs which made it a Warehouse Deal for a few bucks cheaper. Although quieter than most gas powered trimmers, don't fire it up too early in the morning. IT WILL wake the neighbors.At 5'2'' in height I am happy to have the pivoting head and telescoping handle to adjust to a reasonably comfortable position for operation. NOT sure at MAX extension it would be comfortable for someone over 6 foot though. All I really had to do was unbox it, attach the brush guard with ONE screw, plug it in and let it rip. It comes pre-loaded with a spool of string and a spare spool of string too. It did a great great job attacking the TALL native Texas grass that grows on the former farm land this housing development has usurped. Me and my manual grass whip were no match for it!Following the directions supplied, using top-down weed-eating approach, it took two 30 to 40-minute-passes each of two days for me to get through the 12\" inch high, overgrown fenced-in side yard.  The heavy trimmer/edger head (subtract 1 STAR) tired out my weak-left arm like a gym workout and required the rest breaks to continue the task. I think that helped avoid the overheating/melting scenario mentioned by another reviewer. My arm tired out BEFORE the Trimmer could. My dominant right arm did just fine without ANY tiring. This new trimmer will make sure I have no excuses to let the side yard lay fallow.No problems with automatic string feed or using up too much string as mentioned in some reviews. I was disappointed Amazon didn't have the 3 spool refills available for this model. Had I known before the trimmer arrived it actually came with a spare spool of string I would have just ordered generic replacement trimmer string from Amazon so I can \"roll my own\" when the spools run out.  When the AMAZON description NOR the one on the Greenworks website indicated a spare spool was included. I bit the bullet and called Greenworks directly, no indication from Customer Service about included spare spools either. I did get a bit of Greenworks shipping/handling sticker shock ($12.95) when you're used to Amazon Super Saver FREE shipping or Prime shipping. The Spools are $6.95 each ... 1-888-90-WORKS (888.909.6757) Monday - Friday 9am to 5pm EST.  My Spare spools arrived via USPS the next business day after trimmer arrived!  Thus far I'm happy with this trimmer and hope not to need the advertised FOUR YEAR WARRANTY. If things should change I'll be sure to update this review.Since I already have TWO heavy duty out door electric cords I didn't need to purchase one. Going to the Greenworks website BEFORE I purchased the trimmer I downloaded the Instruction Manual in advance to see the types of cords etc needed. It also was to \"hedge my bets\" should my Warehouse Deal bargain arrive WITHOUT a manual.
Im a fan of electric products and products by this manufacturer so I had to buy it.This was my first time using a trimmer/edger and I can attest to what people say about it eating the string quickly...then I realized its a user problem not the trimmer's issue. Since I didnt have much practice I was constantly hitting the string on concrete or other hard surfaces which does kill your string easily. So now that I have more practice, my string lasts longer because I do a better job at edging/trimming.Cons: I cant really find any cons. Some people say it doesnt have a wheel for edgning but it doesnt need one, its lightweight so I edge fast without needing a wheel...you have to practice your hand and eye coordination if you want to get good at edging with this machine.
Up Date July 19 2011 I have used Cyclone 0.80 Inch line In It and It works great but the line breaks too easy In heavy weeds. I still think this weed trimmer was made for Jonesy fluoride-heads Its like a Corvette It has No useful purpose other than amusement and the 5.5 amp motor Is like a Corvette Engine because of that It turned out to be a good weed trimmer. I got most of My lawn done and made It to My small Swimming pool but the Swimming pool has stared to dry rot, I used the Black & Decker Grass Hog 1000 last year but the plastic gear melted before I could get much of anything done.First this weed trimmer or should I say In you Jonesy fluoride-head who are so pathetic that rocky mountain spotted fever and lyme disease and taking that poison cyprofloxin Is Not a problem for you In your case grass trimmer Is Not for you because the motor has a few extra pounds but for You that needs a real weed trimmer and do Not want to drop dead In Oklahoma humidity trying to start a gas powered weed trimmer, I succeeded at mounting metal blades to It also getting It to use 0.130 Inch Cyclone line. Silly Me I did Nor realize that the center screw was hitting the metal shaft throwing off the balance but the cap kept coming off I think drilling a hole In the cap and putting a wire through the eyelets will hold the cap on. Its more powerful than the discontinued Troy Bilt TB50 but Not as powerful as Black & Decker Grasshog 1000 but It does Not have a plastic gear that melts even though the motor bogs down a little bit with the heavy line, I did Not smell the motor getting hot as with the TB50 I do Not think It Is powerful enough to run the aluminium blades without bogging down but will run the plastic blades with the metal edge just fine buy the kit and mount It to the cap make sure Its well In the center or Its like holding a paint shaker It shook so hard It kept coming unplugged and unfortunately there are No marks where to put the screws In or Instructions how to mount the metal blades as there should be. Actually It does better with the 0.065 Inch line than 0.130 line It slows down too much with the heaver line so I want to try Cyclone 0.080 line and see how well It works. This year I hope to actually exceed Into getting Into My back yard where My small Swimming pool Is which I have Not been able to do for years because the lawn equipment kept breaking.
This is my review of the GreenWorks hedge trimmer, I hope it helps some folks out there.  This is a great trimmer, very light, very powerful, little vibration, a very well made in China tool, no assembly needed and cut through our ancient laurel hedge with ease, dual action blades so no real clean up of tool afterwords needed, just can not think of anything bad about this item at all.  Thanxs and have a great day!
Well made just like all the other greenworks tools I own. You can't go wrong with this brand. Their 10 inch electric chainsaw is a beast. This thing is very well made. Looks like it'll easily last the next 20 years.
Thank goodness for Amazon Prime because it totally, completely just stopped working the 2nd time I used it. Beware, I am very disappointed, I had hopes of years use with it. I had to come back to alter the rating because the 1st time was great. Urgh!
I've used this extensively in trimming shrubs and cutting back/trimming up English Ivy.  Admittedly it's only been one season, but so far, so good.  It does everything it's advertised to do and handles fairly thick branches on shrubs.
The problem with a corded hedge trimmer is the cord. You have to have one long enough to get to the hedges in question, and you've got to not chop it in half when trimming said hedges.If you're not intimidated by those requirements, then i highly recommend this trimmer. It goes through 1/4\" branches without hesitation, and has a long enough reach that you don't spend forever on each hedge. It's a bit loud, like every other hedge trimmer ever, so consider some sort of ear protection if you have sensitive ears. It's light enough that an out-of-shape person can heft it around without breaking a sweat - much lighter than a gas- or battery-powered trimmer, since you're not carrying around any gas or batteries.My only real complaint about the product at all is that the owner's manual says that there's assembly required when there isn't. The only things in the box are the hedge trimmer (fully assembled) and the owner's manual.
I debated heavily between an electric and a gas tiller.  The big debate stemmed from the lack of soil I have.  I live in the Charlotte, North Carolina area.  We do not have dirt, if you are lucky you get red clay.  I am not lucky, I have shale - ie compacted red clay that is basically a brick.  My big project was to clear out an area next to my woods with large hay type grass.  I killed it, then took this greenworks device and about 75 feet of cord to the area to give it a good beating.This thing tore up the land!  It was very surprising and impresive.  I did over-amp the motor a few times, but my neighbor said he stalled his 2-cycle tiller more than that in an hour.  If you just take the wheels off, this thing will dig down a few inches a minute.  It turned clay, and what I though was rock since I couldn't break the stuff up with a pick ax, into a substance similar to soil!  Once I mixed some topsoil and ran the tiller some more, I could actually grow plants!FYI - using electric isn't necessarily green - this is shipped on an diesel driven barge from China, powered from your most likely coal fired power plant.  I got it for three reasons - the first and most important being the price - it's pretty darn cheap and prime shipping rocks (this thing does well with rocks as well)!  The second is compact - I'm not cultivating every weekend and didn't want to take up a lot of room.  The third were the reviews - and they are right.  This thing works.  The cord is a pain in the butt, but it's easier to start than a gas tiller - plug it in and pull the handle - it's easy to clean the blades off from weeds and yard fabric, and it has an awesome warranty.
I am a farm boy and a Marine vet, I am use to the gas powered strong take no prisoners type of tillers. So when I bought this tiller on a whim it took me by surprise and I must say it really does a great job and has a lot of power. it is heavy duty and you do get what you pay for but I used it for my entire garden and it dug deep and kept going. you will need to apply some downward force and pressure in certain parts of the garden or yard but I found by stepping on the back wheels and or lifting them off the ground that problem quickly goes away. I am happy and very pleased with it.
The price was excellent.  The weight and hadling of this piece of equipment was extremely easy as was its assembly and my ability to operate it.  Maybe its my soil, but I was not able to till the soil.  It did remove surface weeds, but tines did not burrow paths into the soil so we had to use a shovel to lift and turn the soil and go over it with the Cultivator.  A bit more work than I'd hoped for.  If your soil is not hard as mine is, this may be great for your projects.  I recommend it for household small flower bed and garden projects. It is not an industrial/landscapers piece of equipment.
Up date needing to bury My Water lines so It would stop freezing up I had to go through a 20 foot of gravel driveway and Roots, It was like holding down a paint shaker but It got the job done, I took the wheels off and It got down over 6 Inches but I still had to shovel the gravel and Dirt out but made It much easier.There was 3 choices Earth Wise the cheapest and Sun Joe and this Green Works and the reason I chose Green Works even though It cost more than EarthWise Who also makes good equipment but I bought Green Works to so My thanks for marketing the 21142 weed Trimmer which I have been pleading for manufactures to market for years a weed Trimmer with the power and attachments of a gasoline powered weed Trimmer. This rototiller cuts up dirt very good but  It bogs down going though heavy Grass that gets wrapped around the tines but cuts through briers okay which Is one of the reasons I bought It another reason I bought It was to help dig a ditch for My Water lines so It will quit freezing I have Not cut down deep Into the ground yet so I do Not know how well It cuts through roots and gravel. I tried to mow down the giant trash pile In front of My house but there was a lot more than paper and plastic In the trash pile as Cat food cans and wire which would get hung up but even a that It could use more power to cut through more dense Dirt but anything that Is Not too rough It will go through It just fine also It throws the Dirt on Your feet.
I ordered this last year in hopes of using it this spring.  I finally got a chance to use it and I was very surprised at how powerful this little tiller is. It has lots of torque and did the small patch of land I'm using in no time at all...the only problem I can foresee is the same problem with any electrical tool....  you run the chance of going over the power cord and that would not be pretty, so you have to use caution when using this product.
Living in the desert, I don't have a large lawn.  It's about 20' x 25', and I grow bermuda in the summer and rye in the winter (and sometimes now grow fescue in the summer instead).  After about five or six years of great lawns, my bermuda grass lawn started struggling.  Turns out, it was thatch - and lots of it.  Aeration helped at first, but it really needed to be dethatched.  The first time that I did it, I dug the whole lawn up by hand and it took me two days (but that was to remove the plastic mesh that covered the whole area from when the previous owner put down sod, and I didn't want a machine like this to spread plastic all over the place).I mention doing it by hand to put the time frame into perspective.  This machine...oh, baby.  In about ten minutes, it dethatches my entire lawn.  I've run it over my lawn when it was mostly bare dirt, and I've run it over grass before overseeding.  It has worked great in both conditions.  When there's grass on the lawn, it doesn't chew up the living grass and leave it bare.  It digs up some of it, but most of it is still there.I was surprised and happy that it came with a second set of tines, but it turns out that I haven't needed them.  I've used mine several times over the past ~2 years, and the first set of tines is still holding up great for me.I love that it's electric, and it's not very loud.  The cord is a bit cumbersome to keep moving, but it isn't too bad.  A battery powered version would just weigh and cost more, so I live with it.  The handle folds in half for storage, which is convenient.  Sure, it's one more thing to keep in the garage/shed/wherever, but it has worked great for me.I paid just over $130 for it in early 2012, and I think it's been worth every penny.  It costs even less now.  I highly recommend it.
It appears to be fairly solidly built and is shipped well packaged. Took about 5 mintues to unbox and put the handle on before I was ready to go. It has penty of power, just be aware of the gauge (thickness) of the extension cord you are using. Longer cord runs may need a thicker extension cord.The unit has several depth settings and brings up an enormous amount of material on each pass. Old material flows out the back of the unit and the unit has enough power to \"pull\" itself forward so there is very little effort required to push this thing. Being electric there is no gas to mess with, is extremely quiet, and I know I can put it away for the year and not worry about a gummed up engine come next spring. The only drawback is of course that also being electric, it has a cord you need to drag around. If you take your time this isn't that big of an issue. If it comes unplugged, as mine did several times, just plug it back in and go. You do also have to move it to avoid running it over, but again just paying attention solves most of the problem. It is worth the little extra cord effort as this thing outperforms the traditional dethatching rake and also the attachment they sell to put on your lawn mower (I have both of those as well and this unit crushes them).Overall a good unit that works well in a small yard setting.
This is a great little machine, but I purchased it when it cost more.  I took my time putting it together, and was doing quite well until the telephone rang and my niece's husband who had been watching me decided to finish it for me.  Unfortunately, he did not line up the pre-drilled holes properly when putting the black spacers on the bottom handle, and with his strength was able to screw into the plastic housing very close to the predrilled holes(\"But it was so easy\").  I was able to stop him before he finished one side and had him use the proper hole, so the dethatcher is slightly higher on one side.  I was (and am) fearful the two holes will merge, making it difficult to use the product.This little unit is a workhorse!  It saved me hours of work had I dethatched by hand.  It was tempting to dethatch an area more than once (some I did so not recommended) but I did not want to completely scalp my lawn, which was in awful shape.  A ton of dethatched grass was removed from the front and back lawns, after which I over seeded, fertilized and watered.  After a good rain shower the results were remarkable.  I could almost feel my lawn breathing, and the grass began to grow in well.  It is good to see my lawn recovering from smothering and neglect.  I took my time when using the machine, and did not have any real problems, just a learning curve (I watched a YouTube video).  I also had it at the highest setting, which was perfect for my lawn. I bagged my lawnmower to pick up the dethatched grass on the rear lawn, but actually raked the front lawn, and picked up loads of dethatched grass. A great lightweight machine, and worth the investment.
Assembly was easy. Went together in about 10 min. I forgot to slip on the cord retainer onto the bottom loop so i basically assembled it twice. I used it for 3 40' passes and man this thing rips!! It comes with an extra bag of tines. I will be giving it the ultimate test tomorrow when i start on my 1/4 acre back yard. Does anyone have any experience with using this on zoysia grass?
I just recently learned about dethatching your lawn. I was trying to figure out how to help my lawn that has a lot of brown dead grass. Found dethatchers and chose this one based on the price. (I could rent one in town for $45 or buy this for and after 3 uses it paid itself off).It was simple to set up, and simple to use. I was slightly bothered by the power chord, but that is to be expected with electric tools. Worked like a charm on my lawn and the neighbors have already mentioned an improvement.
This thing is amazing!!!!  Works just as well as the rental dethatcher and much easier to use.  Cheaper than two seasons for of rentals
I don' have a huge lawn, so this is perfect for me, and it has paid for itself by not having it done commercially which can be upwards of $300 a visit. It has adjustable height for different levels of dethatching. It comes with an extra set of tines. Easy to assemble, just make sure you put the cord holder on before you attach the bar to the unit. Do not use a standard outdoor extension cord, it will not carry the amps to allow the dethatcher to run properly. It will overheat and shut off. Buy a 15 amp extension cord and you won't have to buy another dethatcher because the motor burned out.
For the 2 previous years, i've manually dethatched my lawn using a dethatching rake, and it took days to go through my 4600 sq ft of grass.  I had to break up the work in sections.  This little sucker was able to go through my entire yard a lot faster- i can't give you an exact amount of time because i would take breaks and rake up the lifted thatch, so it's hard to say.  But about 1800 sq ft took about 30 minutes to go over.  What takes forever though is raking up all the thatch and bagging it.  If you are doing this just to aerate your lawn a bit, then it's not as important to rake it all up. But if you're doing this as a preceding step to overseeding your lawn, you need to be thorough so the soil is exposed and the seeds can make soil contact.  So you need to get all the loose stuff off the ground.  In either case though, this machine makes the work go SIGNIFICANTLY faster and with a LOT less wear on your back!one piece of advice is to get an extension cord that is 12/3 gauge.  higher gauges will run you the risk of overheating the motor.
I was VERY hesitant to buy this dethatcher to be perfectly honest. I thought &#34;how can this little corded electric dethatcher compete with the big gas powered ones on the market&#34;? I will be the first to say that it works 100x better than expected. I could not believe the amount of thatch it pulled up. You have to get a bit of a rhythm down as far as the speed to push it goes and and moving the cord as you do the strips back and forth but once you get that worked out its really easy and fast. I have a decent sized back yard and it probably took me less than 1 1/2 hours to do the entire thing.Cleaning up the thatch that was left behind took 3x that amount of time. It actually has me considering getting a push yard sweeper but I have to decide if I really want to store the thing. This time I simply used the lawn mower to &#34;vacuum&#34; up the thatch and then bag it. Worked great but still took much longer than the total dethatching time. The yard is loving it and so am I knowing that the job is done for another season.
Awesome machine.  Very simple to assemble.  I bought a 100 foot 14amp rated extension cord and had no problems whatsoever. Followed the instructions and was amazed how easy it was to use.  I have a fairly large yard (about 1100 sq. ft.) that was in horrible condition.  The dethatcher, running forward only, pulled up 22 large yard bags full of years of accumulated junk.  It was sooo easy to operate and I was literally giddy with amazement.  Well worth the price.  I have used a dethatching rake and it took gobs more time than this simple to use machine.  Only about 1 1/2 hours. After I was all done, I checked the teeth and only a few were slightly bent.  Highly recommend it.  It will make your life much easier.
I've been skeptical about trying an auto dethatcher after reading multiple reviews of how it can destroy lawns. After using this a couple of times, I felt I should have bought this years ago!Being skeptical meant I've to test this at the highest setting first so the pins won't pull up all my grass. I was amazed by how much dead grass was removed on the first pass. And I thought I already did a great job manually dethatching my 8000 sq ft lawn that took me 2 days a week ago! I then lower the settings and did a second pass, this dethatcher amazed me a second time removing just as much dead grass as my first pass! I went on to set this at its lowest setting (a little worried though) and did a third pass. It continues to pull up dead grasses although not as much anymore. The experience and satisfaction is simply great. Took me less than an hour (compared to 2 days and plentiful aches) to dethatched the same lawn! My kids helped to clear the dead grasses into bins though. :) Still, everything was done in less than 2 hours! 12-times productivity increased!I didn't encounter any motor malfunction. Used a 100ft 12-gauge cord without having to rest the motor for each pass. As this thing propels itself forward when running, it should always be pushed in forward direction only. I can't imagine what damage it will cause if one pulls it backward. It is light and so there is no issue pivoting it when turning. Checked all the pins after I'm done and none was damaged. Highly recommend this to anyone who loves a beautiful lawn but hate the amount of time maintaining it. Again, I should have bought this long ago when my old lawn was 20,000 sq ft; would have saved me many weekends!
The last snow blower I had was a gas powered, belonged to the landlord. It was a pain to start. I went through a lot of shearing bolts. It was pretty powerful, but unwieldy, even with the self power it had.I wanted to try something simpler and easier to manage, and this fits the bill. I bought this in Dec '11, but last season was easy. Good ol' Nemo laid down about 4 inches of wet snow last night, though, so I decided to give this a whirl.I cleared our 100' drive in no time flat; this was a breeze to manage, except for the cord. It's light as a feather, and I like the easy kill switch (and as easy to start back up). Much more pleasant than dealing with the gas powered buggers.It does fairly well if you don't try to redirect the snow too much. The more angle away from straight and up, the less far it throws. Barely a few feet if you try 90 degrees, so you just have to work with that.Not sure it would handle much more than this; hopefully I don't have to find out any time soon. Also, I seem to have lost one of the wing nuts that lock the up/down direction. I guess it just wiggled out; must not have tightened it enough. Be mindful of that.So yeah, it's a good tool. I'd recommend it if you don't get really big snows regularly and can reach everything with a cord.  Get a good quality cord, BTW; it makes a difference and is safer. I got the Yellow Jacket 100' 15 amp cord (sold here on Amazon). I use it for leaf and snow; tough, delivers great power. I don't worry about it fraying.
I live in New England was bought this for a christmas gift. Each snow fall I used this with I was not very happy. I could shovel faster than this thing works (with more effort granted). The ability to angle the snow in a particular direction was just above worthless. Half the snow you are angling always ends up going right in front of you. The problem with this, is that this is only rated for 6 inches of snow (though I have used it up to a foot) but as you push the snow you inevitably end up putting the snow right back in front of you adding inches to the snow you are trying to move.I like the idea of electric snow blowers and think it would be a great use for me but without the ability to direct the snow properly this becomes alot more work than necessary in heavy snow. Keep the snow less than 6 inches and you wont have too much of a problem.I do not recommend this product and would never buy this tool for myself. I will be buying the greenworks 12 amp snow thrower to replace this one.
I bought this unit a few years ago and it sat in my basement gathering dust until we finally got hit with the massive east coast Feb snow. Wow - I was so happy to have this device and it did not disappoint. Even in snow that was 14-16 inches deep it did an excellent job. Yes, you need to make multiple passes and take it slow. If it starts to bog down stop pushing and let it get back up to speed.  When the snow is only about 6 inches deep it really hits its stride. The thought of heaving that much snow on aging back muscles make me shudder to think what I would have needed to do to get the snow removed the old fashioned way. It worked great on both fluffy snow as well as wet. I have to tell you it actually made the job fun. It really tosses the snow quite a distance. My only caution is that you need to keep an eye on the screws that hold it together as they tend to get loose from the vibration. I think using some thread lock would be in order.
UPDATE AFTER ONE YEAR: Despite protecting the unit from the elements when not in use, it is severely rusted. Several nuts and bolts have fallen out, most of those remaining are rusted. The unit has been used in a driveway without salt - so that is not the cause.In short, it seems as though this is built as a disposable snow thrower, rather than something to use for years. I no longer believe this is a good unit and instead consider it a poor choice.It's a good urban/suburban unit for clearing smaller areas (eg, suburban Boston area two-car driveway). Handled properly it can handle significant snowfall (6-8\"), including the wet (but not frozen) stuff at the bottom of the driveway.The most difficult part is the first run through fresh snow. Once that first run is completed, the remaining work can be done taking a bit off at a time if necessary. (I typically take 1/2 width for deeper snow, only 2-4\" slices for wet stuff at the bottom of the driveway.Overall it is a bit faster and MUCH less strain on the body, especially the back.Two problems:1. One nut for the chute fell off in the first 10 minutes of use. I'm pretty sure it wasn't loose as I tightened both immediately before use.2. Contrary to the image used, the chute cannot go flat. Instead the snow is forced to fly up into the air, often onto neighbor's property. This flies in the face of designing a good urban/suburban unit for use in tight quarters.Despite those two annoyances, it's a good unit.
Overall I really like the electric snow shovel. My initial test was on four to five inches of snow. My driveway is long and relatively steep. It probably took about thirty to forty-five minutes to finish the job.Assembly was an easy three step process and you only need an adjustable wrench (socket wrench would work, too) the rest of the connections are with wing nuts that tighten by hand -- total time fifteen minutes. Only problem I had with the instructions related to the middle handle because the text did not explain that the hole in the cross bar needs to be on the same side as the directional lever. It would be easy to put it on the wrong way and discover the error in the next step, wasting time and effort.Other than a problem the extension cord loop disengaging from the plug on the shovel, operation was generally good. The unit does seem to be somewhat out of balance causing the user to lean forward while pushing it. This action can make any small bump stop the shovel from moving, and pushing harder does no good. But, compensating for this design flaw after a bit of use became automatic.I found the discharge directional control lever could be turned all the way to the right or left to direct the snow ejection. Noise wasn&#8217;t too obnoxious but I wouldn&#8217;t use it before the neighbors are awake, but I didn&#8217;t feel the need for hearing protection. Power remained consistent throughout the driveway clearance. But, if you push too fast the shovel slows down and the snow isn&#8217;t thrown as far. Probably the right speed is about half a normal walking pace.Results are I cleared the driveway without hurting my back (a big plus) in better time than if I&#8217;d used a manual shovel. The product is all plastic but still seems to be well constructed, but only time will tell. I will post an update if after further use I encounter any problems, but for now I am very pleased with the performance.
This thing is fantastic! I live in Ohio and this was more than suitable for my winter needs. Cord management is not a big deal.
While I have not had this snowblower very long, I have already put it to its first test recently, which is what this review will be based on. In about 4\" of snow, the snowblower did well. It got right down to the asphalt in my driveway, and concrete sidewalk. It's not nearly as loud as my neighbor's Toro snow shovel, so I don't imagine that I annoyed anyone using this in the morning, either. Installation was a piece of cake, and I used Loctite Blue on some of the screws, after reading previous reviews, so that I didn't have any issues with anything coming loose. On top of that, I used WD40 inside the deck, on the auger, and inside the shoot (you MUST let it dry first) - that, too, worked very well.I really only have two issues with this snowblower, and one of them plagues ALL electric snowblowers. First, cable management sucks. This is not a knock on this snowblower, but on all of them. Dragging around a 15lb., 100' 12/3 cable can be a real PITA, and does make clearing snow take a little longer. Still beats the hell out of shoveling, though. Secondly, the chute doesn't always stay where you aim it. I had to turn it a few times after the snow started hitting it so hard that it would spin and throw snow in a different direction. This is the only reason I'm giving this snowblower 4 stars instead of 5, and for the price that I paid, I may even be a little harsh in doing so. I'll likely come up with some solution to both issues, but the second one really should come from the factory.I'll likely update this review once we get more snow to see how things go, but once you get the hang of how you're going to attack your snow removal, things become easier (i.e., cable management). It's easy to see why this is the #1 rated electric snowblower on Amazon.-----------------------------------------------Update: 2/4/14-----------------------------------------------Our area was hit with 10-12\" of some of the heaviest, wettest snow I've ever dealt with, so I figured this was a great test for the snowblower. The snowblower handled most of the snow very well, and the only real time I had some issues, where I had to go over the same spot twice, was where my wife had previously driven over the snow and compacted it down. Still, I was able to clear everything down to the asphalt without much physical effort.I am still very impressed by how well this is handling a wide range of snow types. For those complaining about the snowblower not throwing the snow very far, that's going to happen if you're only trying to remove 2-3\" of snow. The more snow you go through, the farther it's going to be thrown. This happens to all snowblowers, regardless of their powertrain (happened on our old neighborhood's $3k Honda, too).The chute issue does add some time to snow removal, since I have to constantly adjust it. I tried using a long velcro tie to keep it locked, but it was difficult to do quickly while wearing winter gloves. I'm not sure why I didn't think of it sooner, but I'm going to try using a very short bungee tie to keep it in place. If you attach it just below the chute handle before the rod bend, and attach to the side handlebars, it will keep the chute in place. A minor inconvenience, IMO, given that this steal beats the tar out of shoveling. You can see the location I'm referring to by checking out the image I uploaded to the \"Customer Images\" section of this product.
I'm a person that has HORRIBLE luck with gas-powered lawn equipment. I don't purchase junk, or spend as little as I can, however every gas powered anything consistently breaks on me in a short period of time. This is the reason I decided to go towards the electric side of things. Last year I bought a battery-reliant weed eater, and was nothing but exceptionally happy with that, so I decided to do the same with the snow blower. I was very concerned about poor power from the machine, however let me be one of the many people to tell you - you're going to have no issue with this thing!I live in NW Ohio, and we've been absolutely demolished with snow this year. We've set the record for the most snow in a given season (and that's even including the blizzard year of '78!). I didn't pull the trigger and get this sooner, and wish I had - my (and my boyfriends) back would have really benefitted if we had. While I wasn't able to truly test this on the big snow dumps we had, we just had a nice 4-5&#34; snow last night, and this thing performed miraculously well. I put it through its paces and pushed some of the older (and much more dense/ice-like) snow back, and this worked VERY well. As with all devices when you push it, it's going to complain a bit, however it did not pop any breakers like I've seen people complain about other devices, and while it bogged down a slight bit, I was pushing it to the rated limits. I haven't taken stars off for this, because my neighbors little gas powered beast does the EXACT same thing, so I see this as not being an issue - if  you want better power, spend more and get a higher powered device!The reason I pulled back one star is while I really like the size, power, etc., I'm slightly disappointed in the build quality - the chute that directs the snow comes in two pieces and is held together with a VERY small bolt, washer, and nut. I am happy this comes with a 4-year warranty, though, but really would have liked to see this built with a bit more heft so I wouldn't be concerned about it possibly breaking in the future during use.Bottom line: REALLY good power, slightly cheaply made, but ran really nicely and throws snow further than some gas powered equivalents!
Got this as I needed a smaller snow thrower and tired of pushing snow shovels. Unfortunately cannot tell you how it works, as it did not snow after I got it.
I got this before the snow,so I couldn't review it.Now that we did get a few inches of snow,I can say it works very well.Throws the snow far,its more quiet then my vacuum cleaner,was packed great,all bubble wrapped,no way any thing could get scratched.Not much to put it together.I think this will be MUCH better then the shovel,and plus the gas ones are 400 to 600 just for a decent one,there is no messing with fuel,or pull starting.I'm happy!!Edit: the shoot that directs the snow,will freeze up if its real cold!!
I put this on my Meyer Lemon tree, but it took a month or two to do anything. After it started working my tree produced so many lemons. The tree is small so I'm really surprised how many it produced and didn't drop!
Bought this for my lemon and lime trees and the product is working, I believe. I placed some in when potting per the directions and the trees are doing well.
It may be a good product, but I used today for my lemon tree which sits in the living room, and the smell is unbearable. I will use it outdoors for my cherry tree, I can't take this poop smell.
UPDATE 6/4/13 PROBABLY NOT FOR VEGETARIANS:at some point, I read the ingredients label. does contain bone meal and other poultry byproducts. I'll live, but just FYI.the similar citrus \"spikes\" do not appear to have any direct animal ingredients - so, maybe, get those and divide into smaller portions. at least, that's what I've been doing...original review:when I first opened the box from amazon I definitely could smell an ugly fertilizer smell. but the bag wasn't ripped so maybe that was just from wherever garden store it came from?anyway this stuff does not smell good. quelle surprise. and as a vegetarian, now knowing the ingredients, I maybe shouldn't have bought it. but on the advice of a gardener friend I used it to make a \"tea\" for watering my baby citrus trees. I was really worried it would stink up the whole house or at least the room the trees are in, but honestly it has done neither.as to the effectiveness, I dnno. we'll see. I'm using it on grafted citrus in coco/perlite mix which I think has no nutritional value of its own; so far the plants don't seem burned/unhappy but there doesn't seem to be much improvement either. but it's only been few weeks. updates to come.
Within 5 days of using this on my Meyer Lemon it was literally exploding with blooms and has grown at least 6&#34; since.  I've only used it the one time about a month ago and the Lemon tree is still happy as a clam on this stuff. I'm looking forward to many lemons!
This weed whacker is solid and functional. The reviews I read were all positive and I must agree it was afirst rate purchase I hope will last for years. It sets up quickly and does what its supposed to do.
I really like this wacker but it feeds and eats string too fast. Unless your on that trigger and do your whole yard in one shot your going to keep feeding when you let go of the trigger. Havent had to replace head yet (have small yard) but im sure the inevitable is bound to show up soon.
Trimmed very tall grass with ease. Light and easy to use. Don't understand why some who had issues with the automatic string feeder had issues. Works as described in the guide.
This product works well, but I have nothing to compare it with since this is my first weed whacker. I find edging with this problematic though because the string keeps breaking. So I recently purchased a dedicated edger for that purpose. Still I will use this product for the weed cutting feature. All my lawn power equipment is electric since I have a small lawn. No gas equipment for me.
I needed a string trimmer to clear around my flower beds which was light, but effective. I kept coming back to this one, but not having used this brand before, was skeptical about buying it.My fears were quickly gone as soon as I used it. This trimmer does the job on tough weeds very well, and can be used with 16 gauge extension cords, which is a blessing. Comes with trimmer cord (0.065 dia.) already spooled on the unit, with a spare spool in the box. Does a good job, and I can strongly recommend. Do not know about the longevity as of now, but will update later.(also has an extendable handle and a substantial guard).
I bought this used from the Amazon warehouse.  I have a small yard and I was surprised at how much bigger and more expensive the trimmers had gotten since the last time I bought one.  The used one from the warehouse was under $30 and included free shipping.  It arrived in perfect condition, including one double spool of line already installed, and a spare that is full.  As far as its operation, it is working perfectly for me.  It seemed a little heavy for its size at first but I quickly got used to it.  The auto feed is working perfectly and I like the feel of it during operation. And finally, this thing may be on the cheaper, smaller side, but trust me, its darn powerful enough to take down anything most people will have in mind for it.  I had no problem cutting down anything I tried it on.  It was very impressive in that sense...As far as any negatives to it, there are a couple of small issues.  One is the fact that even though the shaft on this thing is adjustable, it really doesn't get very long.  I'm not a tall guy and I still have to bend over some to use it.  Not really uncomfortable for me, but it could be an issue on a tall person.  Also, even though the auto feed is working fine for me, I have mixed feelings about it.  It feeds new line every time it you start it or restart it.  Whether it needs new line or not.  This is rather wasteful to me, and I have a tendency to walk around with it on to save line.  Not really that much of an inconvenience, but sometimes the old bump system doesn't seem so bad.  Some of the other reviewers here talk about the auto feed system jamming and having to pull the line out manually once in a while.  But in all fairness, that happened to me all the time with my old bump style system too, so I can't hold it against this one with its auto feed feature..In conclusion, when it comes to smaller trimmers these days, they have unfortunately gone the way of the biggest and baddest in many respects, as well as gas models really taking a bigger part of market. Not much to choose from in the smaller, less powerhouse models now. I have no need for either a big trimmer, nor do I want to mess with a gas one that I have never had any luck with in the past anyway.  This Greenworks model is quality made, works very well, and is one of the only real choices for a smaller unit that still has some respectable power to it. I got mine for a bargain price used, but feel that it is worth every bit of the money they are asking for it new.  I love mine and highly recommend it... : )PS:  This weeder takes a double line spool, that is currently unavailable, and according to the description is also \"discontinued by manufacturer\".  Unfortunate for its so much easier to just install a pre loaded spool.  However you can still buy the .065 line and wind it yourself.  That's what I did for years with my old trimmer, and will with this..
I think most of the other 5 star reviews cover what I would have said. The 13\" model that ordered is a little short for me (I am 6'1\") and maybe the balance is a little heavy on the end. However, after using the item for a few weeks, it has performed very well and I am satisfied I made the best choice. The other user of this item is an 80+ yr old grandmother and she likes it too.We used to be die-hard Black & Decker or Sears buyer for this type of item, but found the quality to have declined over the years. Based on the strength of the reviews here and the cost, we went with this item.Last thing: there is an extra spool with the unit, but the recommended additional string Amazon suggests does not come in a spool. I guess we will have to re-string manually and I have not gotten to that point, so I cannot comment on that aspect. Still, as far as price vs performance, this was a good buy. Highly recommended for basic home needs.*************ADDED 8/2/13Just following up. The unit has been working fine with no issues. While maybe the balance in weight could be a tad better and the length could be an inch or two longer, 
Was tired of dealing with gas engines. This is very powerful, line easily comes out when tapped, and not too heavy. Love it.7/10/14: still absolutely love this thing. Plenty of power!
I did not have very good luck with this product. The first one quit the second time I used it. I sent it back, it was replaced, and the same thing happened again. Perhaps it just didn't like my yard. I finally bought a different brand, although I have had good results with other products from Greenworks.
This weed whacker seems sturdily built, but it is head heavy and does not trim very close. The self feeding mechanism works so far, but I find that not enough string is let out. I got this when my B$D whacker's reel and bumper wore out and replacement cost is outrageous. Despite that, I prefer the B$D whacker in that it is lighter and trims very close.
I have two gas trimmers and a B&D; G400 Type 3 which I have used over the last few years for the normal day to day weed whacking.The B&D; is getting worn out and it was time to move on to a newer unit.I am impressed with this double line trimmer after the first run.It is much smoother running than the G400 and is a double line unit.The auto feed works better than the G400, and it has a button on the spool just incase it does not feed out correctly.It has a limited four year warranty, which is almost unheard of for a $40.00 trimmer.The cap and spool are available from M&D; Mower and Appliance for $3.15 and $6.30 respectively.Let's see how it is going after 5 years.
What did This unfortunate Beast do to wined up In Hell Valley Oklahoma? I live In Hell Valley Oklahoma (sometimes called Hornhob which means setting In a hot room with fiddle back spiders) here micro-flies and ticks and mosquitoes and fiddle back spiders and mice and weeds and fleas and chiggers and cotton mouths and snapping Turtles and heat and humidity and rain rule, and having the most powerful equipment Is Not a matter of pride or looking good Its a matter of survival. But this Beast acts like Its ready to take on Hell Valley Oklahoma. For years I have been bitching to the manufactures to build an Electric micro-fly zapper the size of a window screen that works 24/7 and a Electric weed Trimmer that has the power and can use all the attachments of a gasoline powered weed Trimmer especially metal blades. I wanted Electric because A Person could drop dead In Oklahoma humidity trying to start a gasoline powered weed Trimmer, I spent more time tying to start It than using It and as soon as It hit a clog In the ground It would die I found It easier to bead the weeds down than tying to start the gasoline powered weed Trimmer.I have tried to mount metal blades to some of them Weedeaters and the Motor would burn out Instantly then I tried a Troy-Bilt TB-50 which was the best Electric weed Trimmer and I was able to mount metal blades to It but they for some unknown reason discontinued It but It was Not quite powerful enough to handle rope grass and You could smell the Motor getting hot. Then I tried the Back & Decker Grass Hog 1000 plenty of power and could run 0.130 Inch line but the plastic gear would melt In less than 20 minutes then I tried GreenWorks 21052 and was able to mount metal blades to It and was able to use heaver than 0.095 Inch line and I had It for 2 years but I left It out In Oklahoma dirty acid rain. Then I tried the Earthwise ST00015 (see My review on It) Its a little more powerful than GreenWorks 21052 plus has a safety switch which makes It better for using metal blades which I was using It with the metal blades today but the string eyelets on the cutting head keep coming off which makes the string Not last as long and I was Not able to use a heavier line than 0.095 It keep throwing the line out. This GreenWorks 21142 Is a Beast even with 0.080 Inch line Its able to cut 1/4 Inch diameter weeds or branches that It took metal blades or 0.130 Inch line to do. I would like to know what brand of line GreenWorks Is using because the last Cyclone brand 0.095 broke too much. but I do wish It came with heaver line. The bump line feed Is the best It does Not throw the line out wasting It. All and all this Is the best weed Trimmer I have ever seen for a jungle. Up date from August 26 I got some Shakespear 0.105 Inch yellow line which seem to be the toughest line I have used yet will have to drill to extra holes In spool and eyelets will only have to be slightly drilled though drilling may void warranty but It works great.
very solid storage bench. I am 31 yr old woman and put this together alone in maybe an hour, could have taken 30 minutes if I had all the exact size sockets for my rachet. I did have close enough sizes and made it work. just used some extra elbow grease and hand cranked a few of the screws. all in all this would take very little time if you have all the necessary socket sizes and tools required. its really sturdy and holds more than I thought it would, stayed dried too after some serious rain we had recently. will update after time passes
I bought two of these deck boxes and these are great.PROS- Very sturdy; my wife and I can both sit on it without any give- All parts are durable plastic -- the deck box should last at least a decade- Pieces fit well together; no significant gaps where parts connect- Will keep items dry regardless of weatherCONS- Average looks; they look like any plastic deck box out there and certainly aren't upscale looking- Doesn't completely shut so bugs can still get in through small openings by the lid- Assembly could be a nightmare. I'm very handy and have all the right tools and it still takes close to an hour to do. However, both my boxes came with one warped side. One of them I needed another person to push hard against it to get it to fit right. The other was in such bad shape that it was impossible to snap the last wall in (which I had to return to replace the wall). If all sides fit, then you really only need a second person at the very end to finish off the lid.OVERALLDespite the assembly issues, I'll probably still buy another one or two soon since they are awesome deck boxes.
The box is very large and replaces a smaller unit I use on the patio to keep pool supplies in. It does take some time and tools to assemble but very well made. The nice thing too is you can sit on it. It also seals well. Much better box than those sold at Home Depot or Lowes.
I bought two of these. Easily assembled and very large to hold lots of things. The hydraulic spring is a plus.
I just put my Lifetime deck box together and it was actually very easy.  There are a few screws to hold the pieces together, 
This is a fantastic labor-saver; if you have weeds that need to go, this is your answer.I hesitated to buy it, reading through the reviews here, because my primary weed-of-choice is a HORRENDOUS infestation of crab grass (or crabgrass, depending on your spelling preference) and the reviews were mixed--2/3 said it worked on crab grass, 1/3 said it didn't.IT WORKS.  And easily.Last summer, I spent several afternoons in 112 degree Texas heat, on my hands and knees, cutting crab grass out of our St. Augustine yard.  Blistered hands.  Tired back.  Sunburn.  Bug bites.  About 35 plants removed after about 5 hours of really, really hot, hard work.We'd tried killing it with weedkiller that said \"safe for St Augustine\"--it wasn't.  Huge swaths of the St Augustine died after spraying the crab grass, which just seemed to get bigger.  So, after talking to a horticulturist, we tried heavy acid vinegar.  No go:  \"what doesn't kill you, makes you stronger.\"Finally, my husband, in a fit of frustration, said he was going to kill it all with Round-Up and we'd re-seed the yard if we had to.  So in September, he sprayed.  The crab grass looked like it died.  The St Augustine DID die.  And this Spring--behold the miracle--green crab grass.  A yard FULL of healthy, green crab grass and yellowed, dead St. Augustine.  And two new puppies, which meant that re-seeding the lawn was OUT for this year.  The only answer was to hand-extract the crab grass and pray that some random strands of St Augustine had survived the nuclear option.So, I found this upright weeder on Amazon, bought it, and was AMAZED that it truly worked and was EASY.  No more back-breaking labor; no more blistered palms.  And I'm quickly making a dent in the crab grass infestation.  I've only had this for 2 weeks and have only used it for about 3 hours total, and we've disposed of 5 WHEELBARROWS full of crab grass so far.  Plus some fuzzy cabbage-like weed and other odd weeds.Some hints:1.  Don't try to use this on dry, hard ground.  It's easiest after a good rain or the day after you've run your sprinkler system.2.  Aim the center of the four \"blades\" at the center of your plant (for crab grass, you'll quickly learn there's less pigmentation at the center of the plant, where its \"limbs\" intersect--in no time, you'll develop a \"feel\" for this).3.  I've found it works best to insert this at a slight angle (about 30 degrees, rather than straight down), then gently tamp the black \"heel\" of the tool completely into the ground.  Use the leverage of the \"heel\" to extract the weed from the ground.4.  Carry a bucketful of sand or topsoil with you, with a small garden shovel & fill the little \"gopher holes\" this tool makes.  I extract about 8 weeds, then fill 8 holes. It's quicker than it sounds, but in our case, a necessity, lest the puppies learn that we're all REALLY, really into digging up the yard.  You really will have to fill the divots this tool leaves behind.  But in my opinion, it's worth it to get the crab grass root balls OUT.  Permanently.5.  This model has a great feature:  it \"ejects\" the weed after you've pulled it, using a little sliding bar on the handle.  You get the great auditory reward of a ca-ching that sounds something like loading a rifle.  Just the right motivator to go after more crab grass.  I've Gotcha now! (Kinda makes you feel like you're channeling Carl fromCaddyshack).This tool is REALLY easy to use, light in weight, and does the job.  I've been very impressed with the fact that I can truly stand comfortably and successfully weed the yard.I've heard that if we can ever establish some healthy St Augustine, it will more or less keep itself weed-free--the best joke of all, I've just learned that St Augustine is a close relative of crab grass, which is why no chemical weedkiller will really kill crab grass and leave St Augustine unscathed.  Who knew?Good luck with your weeding; buy one of these & you'll amaze yourself at the speed and ease of your Springtime weeding tasks--I'm really glad I bought this (and so have 2 of my neighbors, once they tried mine).  Highly recommended!
I have tried many upright weeders before. The holy grail of success and not having to be on hands and knees. Have tried the grandpa weeder---meeh. Have tried theHound Dog HDP21-10 Weed Hound Elite. The weed hound was bad. Could not disengage stuff, really didn't pull things out anyway. Same withe grandpa weeder.But the Fiskars....dang this thing WORKS. First off it has a long foot lever so it really gets down. Second the 4 gripping and ripping out blades are longer than the others and serated and it really holds on. Third and maybe best it has an excellent release mechanism. It is also lighter than the other ones and would be great for someone older.Only knock is it isn't super long. I am 5.9 and I do have short arms and it was ok. A few inches taller though would have been pushing it a bit. But I guess they made it the best size for the widest amount of men and women. But even if you are taller hard to find a better weeder.Also it really isn't going to do anything meaningful for crabgrass. But for weeds with a deep center root like dandelines....go to town with this guy.I garden all the time and this has broken in to my Top 10 gardening products of all time. Not exactly sure where in the top, but easily in there. Must get.
I spent 45min weeding after I got this thing, too much fun!  I have really crappy soil, dry, rocky, and hard in places and I'm impressed by what I could do with it.  Using good judgment with seeing the construction I think you can keep this in one piece.  It would be way too much to expect to put all your weight on it or stomp on it with all your might, that would surely break it!  Duh!  I pressed on it carefully and didn't force it if it didn't go down easy.  Just reposition and try again.  I got some big rocks a couple times and hit some really hard stuff, but no breakage... again, not pressing with everything I had.  I love this thing, kudos for the engineer who thought this one up!  Nice work.  Had to it again I'd probably buy the deluxe version, I had blisters after 45min of use... I should have worn gloves.  I weeded more in 45min than I could normally do in a week.
Bought this after my last cheaper weeder broke.  Read reviews and seems like it was a good quality so I purchased it, and it lives up the hype. I don't feel this is going to break anytime soon, just be careful with the eject slide as you could pinch yourself if your hand is in the wrong spot. I have a hand weeded but my back would hurt after weeding for more than 30 minutes but with this there is hardly any bending over.I need to get another weeder since my wife and I try to get this one first and see how many weeds we can get.  Having a dog I try to keep the pesticides to a minimum so he can still play in the backyard so I will spend an hour or two to get rid of all the weeds in early spring
We have a waaaay-too-big backyard that was graded but not grassed by our builder prior to move-in. We spent time getting the inside exactly how we wanted it then decided to conquer the backyard. It is both fortunate and unfortunate that our lot falls right in the midst of the blackland prarie trail. It's fortunate because we have amazing plants that bloom there naturally like Buffalo gourds, soft-leaf yucca, gorgeous flowers like bluebonnets, etc...but with such plant life abounding, the weeds came with them. In droves.So prepping the backyard for the good stuff meant back breaking work. I tried out (via borrowing) several weeders during the height of my weeding (which is still continuing and, as weeding goes, always will.)The other ones I tried, which seemed to be super popular, got little weeds well, but not-so-much if they weren't tiny.  Or they required me to use a loud drill with the weeder as an attachment (got soooo annoying after 5 min.) and hold the weeder exactly in the right place and \"thread\" a curly-q bit through the weed or it wouldn't pull.I began to think solarization or a drum of vinegar would be easier.Then we got the Fiskars. **harps and angels sing out**This didn't just clip the weeds to allow the roots to grow, or sling 'em around so the seeds sprouted elsewhere as you pulled, or just pull out the baby weeds. This helped even with the Big Daddy weeds. Plop down on the weed, step on the foot petal and the claws go down in the dirt for you to rip em out WITH the roots when you release it back up. Because the claws continue to hold the weed, you can then deposit them into a wheel barrel or whatever.I actually read about this weed eater in a garden book as the preferred one and tracked it down.I think I tried out a total of 5 different weeders to compare.The only thing that would improve it would be a free lawn boy holding it and doing the work for me. But then I wouldn't be burning the calories moving my arms in weed slinging either so I guess it's a win/win all around. (Especially because there is still no bending or stooping anymore and this ejects the weeds very simply. So I'm working in my garden without WORKING so much in my garden.)Trust me, when they say \"everything is bigger in Texas\" that includes weeds. We are a good test here in the heart of Austin.
now, don't get me wrong, I still use weed killer, but in our back yard, where are dog hangs out a lot, I didn't want nasty chemical sprays going down, so I got this.  it works pretty well and appears to be somewhat durable.
This has to be one of the best yard tool purchases I have ever made. Pulling dandelions is so simple and fast, I have no idea why I didn't buy this a long time ago.Dandelions pull out best if the ground is soft, after a rain. This won't work very well in the middle of August after 3 weeks of no rain and the ground is rock hard. The device couldn't be easier to use - poke the center of the dandelion with the three prongs, step on the lever sticking out from the long arm, remove your foot, rock the handle back toward your body, and the dandelion is pulled out. Whip the thing over a basket, and push the orange band down to fling the dandelion off the prongs.It takes longer to read the instructions that it does to pull a dandelion. The pictures on the package describe the step by step perfectly.If the prongs catch a root, rock, or piece of wood, the tool might be a bit hard to pull out of the ground on an angle. To fix the problem, simply pull straight up, push down the orange band to remove the junk, and try again in a slightly different spot.The one slight downside to this tool, it does leave small holes in the lawn. The great news, the holes seem to self heal during the day. A few hours later, the holes aren't visible any more. If you are really super particular about the perfectly smooth lawn, I guess you could knock off the dirt from the dandelions and replace it in the hole. I find that unnecessary.No chemicals used to get rid of dandelions. I love this tool.
That's right.  This purchase is an absolute no brainer whether you have a few or a lot of weeds.  The reason being, with the cost of chemical applications you could spend the price of this gadget in a single year of applications.  I loved it so much when I got it, I spent the next 15 minutes taking out the weeds in my backyard.  For whatever reason, this year has been exceptionally brutal for dandelions in our neighborhood.  I started out the year using chemicals, and about a month later, my large container is running low and I'd had enough.My neighbor had this last year so I remembered it, looked it up here, and ordered within minutes.  It really is as simple as push in, pull out, eject the weed, and start all over again!No brainer #2...what's #1 you ask?  An $8 LED flashlight I reviewed about a month ago.
It works! I often have more weeds than grass in my backyard. I tire out before this does! Easy to use and it does what it is supposed to.
I have weeds that recur in the flower beds.  It's such a chore to keep squatting over the weeds and pulling them by hand.  This device saves time and my back from hurting.All one has to do is place the spikes around the root of the weed, step on the base, and lean it back.  A release pushes the weed off of the teeth, and then you're back on track.  This works extremely well for mulch beds and even conventional lawns.  I tried it along my Pond, and the rocks/clay keep me from getting purchase into the soil.  It doesn't work as well for narrow based weeds but it does for wider based plants like dandelions.This is suitable for light duty work and softer or more aerated areas.Overall, I'm pleased.  I still break a sweat but I just don't break my back.Two thumbs up!
Fiskar is known for its sharp tools and this product appears sturdy. However while using the de-weeder the first time, this device could not remove deeper weeds. Had to go at it multiple times. First the device kept slipping off the weed stem then when it did grip the stem, I pulled for dear life and heard the shaft crack and loosen. Needless to say that it is a good idea, but just did not work for me. I will get the garden weasel.
I used to crawl around my flowerbeds using small hand tools to loosen weeds and pull them by hand. Some of these weeds were sharp (thistle) and had really deep roots. I got tired of the hours this would take so I looked around for a better solution.Glad to say that I found this Fiskars weed tool! It works as advertised. I simply step on the tool into the weed, tilt the handle toward me, and the weed pops out of the ground with its roots. No bending over (literally and figuratively) and no strength involved.Just a final note, you will still need to spray weed control. The tool is great for removing weeds but many will grow back quickly without spraying.
I am only 5'5\" and after using this tool on a few dozen weeds, my back was killing me from hunching over.  It's only about 30\" long, and it could stand to be 42-45\" to be used comfortably at my height.The handle is comically short unless you're 5 feet or smaller.  They do sell a telescoping handle version, but it only has 3 \"teeth\" to grab tap roots with (whereas this one has 4), which makes it a little less accurate.I would suggest this size for a child or an extremely petite adult, but get the extra long handle version if you're anyone else.
Up until a few days ago, my biggest lawn enemy was the dreadful crabgrass, hard to kill and even harder to take out from its roots. I was using the painful method, on my knees, small crowbar and depending on the size of the crabgrass and how deep its roots are, it would take me from 5 to 10 minutes to take it out... each!!So I found the Fiskars Uproot Weed and Root Remover...I don't care how long this has been around, I just know one thing...it's what I've been looking for.As I mentioned above, my main pain on my butt has always been crabgrass, reason being, my neighbor doesn't take care of his lawn, and so it is covered with them, somehow they end up on my yard and each year is the same pain for me to get rid of them...UNTIL NOW. So let me give you a simple tip for removing crabgrass (trust me, this afternoon I removed about 20 of them):You want to make sure you know where the root ball is, so spread out any actual grass around the weed and follow the weed's branches; Crabgrass is tricky, you may think you have the Fiskars lined up to the center of the weed, but you may be wrong, crabgrass tends to flatten as it grows, and so the root ball is always off from what you may perceive as the \"center\" of the weed; after moths of being plagued by this pain in the butt weed, I've noticed that its roots are usually spread out, so even with this wonderful tool, you'll most likely have to go in twice or even three times to remove a single crabgrass bunch. However, the younger the weed is, the less roots it has and those usually take only one time with the Fiskars, again, if you first locate the root.Of course, not everything is perfect, and here are a couple of cons about this tool:First, a mix of plastic and metal construction. I heard and felt some straining on the tool when I was removing a very mature crabgrass, but luckily, the tool did not break.Second, and this is more of a WARNING than a con. Since you are removing the weed entirely with its roots, you will leave a HOLE in the ground, more even so when removing crabgrass, since its roots are a mix of curled up hardened roots (again, depending on maturity). So be ready to fill up the holes with dirt. If you have an infestation, I suggest you get some grass seed, some soil and patch up any big holes you leave behind.Other weeds such as dandelions and leafy weeds are easily taken out without much of an impact on the ground. Needles to say, those weeds don't have a prayer...but don't get me wrong, like the title of my review says, with Crabgrass, it is trickier, but does the job.All in all, I couldn't be happier, this is a wonderful invention and has saved me the huge pain of dealing with weeds, literal pain. My back thanks you Fiskars and my neighbors even more, 'cause I don't curse anymore...if anything, they now probably think I'm nuts, since I was literally laughing as I took each weed out! ha!
Very easy to use tool. Have not had any problems, and have had fun pulling the weeds in the yard.
I bought this to pull up dandelions without aggravating my back.  It does a great job!  Makes the chore not so bad at all.
We're getting older & I was checking Amazon for any tool that could make our chores easier. I never knew anything like a weed puller existed. When my husband mentioned it was time to tackle the weeds, I told him I'd order this tool.  I ordered it even though it was on backorder & kept my fingers crossed that it would arrive before we needed to put mulch in the flower beds...I didn't want to be out there digging up those nasty weeds. Much to my relief, the tool arrived last week. It is so easy to use!  You position the 4 blades/claws over the center of the weed, step down on the extension, pull the tool towards you & pull back on the handle, pull the tool out of the yard, and push down on the orange grip to eject the weed.  That's it!  Simple & quick. It helps if the soil is moist when you use it.  Mostly, we were pulling up dandelions. Of course, this tool left a hole where the weed was, & it didn't pull up the entire dandelion root...those things are long!  Depending on where we worked, we either kicked some dirt into the hole or put the grass back. We worked in our yard & flower beds the evening after a light rain, so the soil wasn't overly hard. It's recommended to rinse it with water after each use, and to oil claw pivot joints regularly.The Fiskars 7870 has an \"Ease-of-Use Commendation\" by the Arthritis Foundation. It's 'Earth Friendly' because no pesticides are involved. We can't get over how nicely this worked. We're the envy of our neighborhood...well, not really the whole neighborhood, but our neighbors will probably purchase one, too.I love this tool. Our backs thanked us for this purchase. It almost makes weeding fun!
This tool is amazing what a back saver!  We do not need to use as much Roundup in our yard because of this tool and that makes me very happy as our yard is wildlife and pet friendly.  So easy it is hard to believe. Watch the video as proof of ease and effectiveness.
If you love being outside or just have some extra time then this is the product for you. You can even have your kids help you with this its so easy and fun. This weeder really gets those annoying weeds out of the ground especially the large ones.It may take some tinkering to actually figure out how to properly use this such as getting the weeder in the center of the weed and correct form when pulling out the weed by stepping on the foot rest and pulling out with the teeth closed.It took a few attempts but my and my wife quickly figured it out.Pros:Easy to use, well built and light, lasted through my 4200 sq ft yard and still kicking!!Cons:This will not work with the weeds that are growing on harder ground, you will have to buy a weed killer which I will list further down.I suggest buying a few items with this product:Spectracide 95834 Weed Stop for Lawns, 32-Ounce Concentrate- this will ensure the weed does not grow back.Scotts 76121 Turf Builder EdgeGuard Mini Broadcast Spreader- For spreading, this is a must have!Scotts 18157 Turf Builder High Traffic Grass Seed Mixing Bag- You will have holes in your yard after you pull up big weeds so I suggest filling that hole with grass seeds.Scotts Co. 21701 Turf Builder Starter Fertilizer- This will help the seeds grow quick and efficiently.Remember having an awesome lawn takes a lot of care and sometimes a bit of money but the end result is worth it.Overall great product, I recommend this item because you will not be disappointed!
Because of my children and dogs, I wanted to avoid using weed killers in my yard. I picked up the Fiskars Garden weeder to take care of the dandelions around my house. This product worked as described, providing a quick process to remove the plants without bending over. They shipped this on time and well packaged.
This year has been a bad one for us in North Texas. The extra hours of cold during the winter left many of the lawns on my street with lots of dead patches, and the weeds have taken advantage of bare spots to move in.  My yards, front and back, have been inundated with weeds.  Just the thought of bending down and pulling them up gives me a back ache.  So I gave myself a present --  this weed and root remover.As soon as I got it out of the box, I had to give it a try.  Hooray! I used it to clear half the front yard of weeds in just under an hour (including talking with the neighbors).  I'll have to look out for more weeds until the bare spots fill in, but now that spring has truly arrived, it won't be long before there are no more bare areas.Every once in a while, someone comes up with a great idea.  This is the result of someone's great idea.  My yard and my back are so happy they did!FIVE STARS!
Not as enthusiastic as some reviewers who say they've weeded their entire neighborhoods, but this works well.  I use it on crab grass in my lawn in addition to dandelions.
Purchased this primarily to help with my Crabgrass invasion. Was a bit leery as not too many folks had spoken about using it on this weed which tends to be shallow rooted and quite wide. Found that yes, if you have not allowed the weed to grow to monstrous size, that this tool will indeed pull it out with ease. Takes a bit of practice and you will need to locate the center of the plant and insert your tool at this part to remove the entire plant without shredding it and leaving behind some growth. DEFINATELY better than using post-emergent chemicals which either work poorly on this particular weed or are EXTREMELY expensive if purchased from sources used by professional landscapers.
got it, used it for about an hour and love it.... it's super lightweight but very strong.... probably works best in moist ground but even in semi-moist soil it works pretty well.... some dandelion roots come completely out and some don't, kind of depends on whether you get it perfectly centered or not. I was able to get dandelion tap roots 12&#34; long out with one tip of the tool. Some broke off like dandelion roots always seem to do but quite a few came completely out. It's not a perfect tool but it's about as close as it gets for weeds with tap roots. I was able to pull out a mallow root that was almost 18&#34; long without it breaking the tap root.... I can tell it's going to last because it's well built & simple to use. Saw some complaints about no instructions but what's to instruct- step on the tool and bend it back, pulling the weed and root out of the ground, nothing could be simpler...... I gave it a five because it worked as advertised and was under $30 total from Amazon..... great product
UPDATED!  March 30th, 2012.bWhom ever designed this is a GENIUS - so easy on the pack - the most effort involved is moving the bucket/pail of weeds as you pop them off the tool for disposal.  And as a bonus - Use to start your holes for garden flowers and plants in loosened soil.Chickweed/Chicory are deeply rooted in - the easier this great  tool works.  Ergonomically comfortable to use also - Almost Zero bending - releases pulled weeds  so easily - into a bucket where they won't re-seed.Adding pix/ zero bending - clean hands when done. This larger one made a huge popping sound as the tool freed it from a deeply rooted spot it had 'owned' 4 over 3 yrs no matter how much hand digging had been done.
This thing is a waste of moeny and time. I never figured out how to use this thing. Don't bother with this one.
I was disappointed in it&#8230; and that&#8217;s a first for me on a Fiskars tool. The handle is metal but the foot plate that gets all the pressure and leverage from tilting the tool back is plastic. However, my disappointment is in the fact that I can&#8217;t get it too be of much use on anything other than dandelions/. We have some pretty tough weeds here in the summer months on the high desert and this tool is pretty much useless on them all. Our noxious weeds have some really strong roots and I almost feel like they&#8217;re pulling back whenever I try to pull them by hand. The root bulbs aren&#8217;t large so there&#8217;s nothing for the spikes on this tool to hook into so it doesn&#8217;t work. Dandelions have a large root pod just under the surface of the soil so this will grab onto it and make quick work of pulling them out and leaving a nice little hole afterwards. Since I really didn&#8217;t think this was so limited in what it would pull, and the foot plate is plastic, I have to go with 3-stars&#8230; but if all I had were dandelions I&#8217;d be giving it 5-stars and hoping that the plastic never breaks or bends and renders the tool useless.
The proof is in the pest control, and as odd as it seems, this thing seems to work pretty well at keeping the rodents out of my garage and home.  I have it plugged into an outlet in my garage (at one end of a 1350 sq' home) and another at the opposite end of the house.  I also have ultra-sonic AC pest repelling devices in outlets throughout my home.  (We live in the country and the critters like to come in when it gets cold outside.)I have three dogs who seem unphased by all the devices.  I have noticed a significant drop off of rodent activity since beginning to use these devices about 9 months ago - catching no rodents in traps where I was getting multiple hits a dayI have not noticed the Pest Offense device affecting the electrical system in my home, which frankly, was my greatest concern when I got it.If you are having rodent issues and want to avoid using poisons and traps in the house, I recommend giving these a try.  I was a skeptic, but I'm a believer now, as the ultrasonic adapters alone were not cutting it and with this boost, it's working.
In our home and camp we have pets and do not want to have any sort of hazardous chemicals or traps in the house.  If you expecting immediate results, you are setting your bar too high.  At camp there was still evidence of small rodent activity for a week before we started to see results.  We had another similar device that lasted for several years and so far, so good with this one.  In an unattended camp, rodent activity can wreak havoc on things like insulation or wiring, to say nothing of unsanitary conditions.  For example, in our area we have red squirrels and they can be very destructive.According to the small enclosed brochure it states that \"Consumers repeatedly tell us that they have had great success using the PEST OFFense product to control rats, mice, and roaches  . . .  ants, spiders, squirrels, crickets, silverfish, waterbugs and earwigs.\"  I can only vouch for the absence of mice and squirrels as those are the critters I don't care to have around and tend to be abundant in our area.For each level of your home you will need one of these devices.  For example, if you have a two-story building, you will have to purchase two of them.  The directions clearly state where to place each unit for maximum effectiveness.  If don't place your unit in a centrally located circuit on one floor I wouldn't be at all surprised if you have spiders or ants on the other end.  Now, one thing to seriously take note of  . . .Do NOT use or purchase this device if you have the following pets:HamstersGerbilsGuinea PigsMinksChinchillasTarantulasOr similar small petsI like this type of product because it is an environmentally sound method of eradicating or at least reducing pests in the home.  I've had great success with a similar product and am confident this device will serve me as well.  Read your enclosed instructions before installing the device and you should be pest free in a week or so!
I would say that the effectivity of this product will be reliant on the design of your electrical wiring. That will mean that it will be hit or miss whether this will work for you.  For me, it has worked. The rat in the garage attic is gone and I also noticed that there are no roaches.  I bought 2 of these and put them on opposite ends of my house. So far so good. I also use it as the hallway night light.****UPDATE October 3, 2011****The rat has not come back, and I still do not have any roaches.
I bought this item 3 months ago trying to solve my mouse problem. long story short it did not work.Long story,I live in a 1550sq ft ranch style house. When we first moved in we had a small mouse problem so i started traping them. I saw this item hopeing it will save me time checking the traps and re setting them. I plugged the product into the inside kitchen wall which is about dead center on my house. We thought it was taking care of the mouse problem until last week. We found a baby mouse in the printers paper tray! This was about 15' from the unit. Later that day we heard chewing in the attic and i found a nest above the living room, which is next to the kitchen, about 15 feet from the product. We went back to using good old snap traps and i cought 2 adults and 1 baby, also some kind of small mole. We havent had any insects but i also spray outside monthly. I really did believe in this product but i guess it was just luck that the mouse went away for 2 months when i first installed it.My advice, stick to the snap traps or a hotel.
I was a little unsure of my getting this item because it seems to me something like a hawker at the state fair selling all those gadgets or &#34;but if you order now we'll include another one one free for just the shipping &handling;&#34; (which is equal to the actual price of the gadget to begin with).Well, after two weeks with it plugged in the attic, we still had rats having a great time every morning about 3AM!SO, I cannot recommend this item because it doesn't do the job it says it will do. We have caught 5 rats in traps and 1 mouse on a glueboard. And, they didn't cost me $15.
I have had two of these in the past, after 10 years one crashed. I just ordered 3 more. They are unreal, honestly unreal. My next door neighbors have told me of field mice sometimes found in their home, in the kitchen. This product has worked like a dream for me, no mice-EVER for 10 years in my home and rarely, very rarely, do I see any spiders. NEVER any ants in my home and South Carolina is a REAL attraction for ants, it's an issue here. I have seen bugs in my garage so I will place two of these new ones there since garages are common places for insects and mine is large here. One on each level in my home, placed in a central location (as close to the middle as possible)- for ten years wonderful results. I eliminated my contract with a pest control company years ago because they just are not needed. Also, I do not spray here myself because it's just not needed. Can't recommend these enough.
I bought this after I couldn't take the spider city that set up shop in my bathroom any longer.  Since this only works for areas on the same circut as it's plug, I bought 2 so I could cover the bathroom and bedroom.  While there are most definately less spiders, some still persist (ho hum, at least now its more like a village and not a city).  I know it has to \"urk\" them somehow and heres why:  While changing sheets in a guest room and big hairy sucker jumped out at me.  he then ran away under the bed and I couldn't find him.  I ran to the bedroom to grab my pest offense.  I plugged it into the wall, sat down, and waited for the jerk to come out.  No joke, within 2 minutes he came out from under the bed, crossed the room, climbed up the wall, and tried to attack the pest offense.  Seems like it can't be a coincidence, but that is just my opinion.
Pest Offense - does it work or not? Have no way of knowing, at this time. The ant season is not upon us yet. But I have noticed an increase in gnat activity around the house. Seems to follow us from room to room. So I cannot give a thumbs up, yet.
Bought this to use in my winter feeders.  All of my feathered customers seem to love it.  It's time to order more as the squirrels have shown the deer where the feeders are too.
This is my second bag I have purchased.  At first I mixed it in with my regular 'mixed variety bird seed' but I noticed some birds having a preference. I now put out two offerings, one of regular seed which draws many smaller birds and one specifically of this Black Oil Sunflower seed which is preferred by some of the larger birds and reduces the fighting at the feed stations.My Doves, Bluejays and Cardinals especially love it and it has very little shell pieces when they finish.
Good sized seeds, small, dark black.  The only caveat is that there are some corn husks and sticks but I figure all the other seeds have that too so I'm not surprised.  Overall less than some of the other seed mixes I have so I'm happy and the birds LOVE it!
Wagner's black sunflower seeds has been consistently good.  All the seed goes from feeder to beak with very little waste.  We put together our own mix with shelled sunflower meats as the base, then adding this black sunflower seed, white millet, safflower seed, cracked corn and some nyjer seed.  Different birds eat different seeds so we see a lot of variety at the feeders.  Jays in particular love this seed, taking it in whole.We use this in several feeders throughout the yard.  We also put some in a squirrel feeder so they are less likely to want to get to the bird feeders.  Of course, we have squirrel guards on the feeders.  Critter management is what we call it.  We buy this in smaller quantities so as to lessen chance of this oily seed going rancid before it can be used up.
I feed my birds a mixture of black oil sunflower seeds, safflower, and sunflower hearts.  I usually buy my seeds in bulk at the local pet store, then mix up my concoction at home.  Recently, while at a local home improvement store, I came across Wagner's.  I knew I was out at home, the price was reasonable, so I thought I would try it.Last night we had a snow storm so this morning I wanted to make sure my birds were fed, so I went out to the garage to mix up my bird food.  Upon opening the sunflower seeds I was immediately concerned with the amount of debris in the bag.  As I began to pour it my mixing tin, it only got worse.  I tried picking out all the garbage, but it was too much.  Twigs, leaves and unidentifiable dried up brown things galore!  I am used to some debris in bird food, but this was ridiculous - crazy excessive.  Once I got all my food mixed up, it kept getting stuck and clogged in the feeders as I was filling them.  I kept having to stop, remove the obstruction, then continue to fill the feeders.I am not sure what my normal brand is, I wish I knew so I could tell everyone to purchase that product.  I hope my birds forgive me for the extra garbage in their food.  I will not be purchasing this product again.  I will gladly pay the extra cost at the pet store for clean sunflower seeds.Cherise Everhard, February 2013
This product works well in myNo/No Red Cardinal Bird Feeder  C00322.  The mourning doves and finches seem to love it.I didn't notice any waste such as sticks, stones or empty seeds in the bag so far.I appreciate that the bag has a handle on the bottom. It makes the 20 pound bag much easier to pour out of.
Birds seem to love these seeds. Price is reasonable, appears the bag will last about 3 to 4 weeks. just what I had hoped for.
We have way more birds than we ever did with previous seed mixes, everything seems to like this stuff.  Downsides are that we seem to get more squirrels as well and all the shells pile up under the feeder.
Brings lots of cardinals woodpeckers and Golden finches to our feeder in Charlotte NC.  It's cheaper than Lowe's and it shows up to our door
THE BIRDS I FEED ARE THE WRENS AND SMALL BIRDS FOUND HERE IN THE WINTER IN EASTERN UTAH.  BIRDS COME FROM EVERYWHERE.  OUR LILAC BUSH LOCATED ON THE SIDE OF OUR PATIO IS JUST PACKED WITH BIRDS TAKING THEIR TURN PERCHING ON THE FEEDER FOR THIS BLACK STRIPPED SUNFLOWER SEEDS.  THE BLACK SEEDS ARE MORE THIN SKINNED THAN THE REGULAR SUNFLOWER SEEDS.  I STARTED FEEDING THE BIRDS (THREE FEEDERS) ABOUT TWO WEEKS AGO AND THE 20 LB BAG IS ABOUT ONE-QUARTER GONE ALREADY.  WE DON'T  HAVE PROBLEMS WITH SQUIRRELS HERE.... JUST ONE IN AWHILE I CATCH OUR LITTLE DOGS HOPING FOR  A FEW OPENED SUNFLOWER SEEDS DROPPED ON THE PATIO CEMENT FOR THEM TOO.
I was glad to find this so I could order some to my home while I was out of state. However, I usually find a good brand of seed much cheaper at my local big box store.
I have a pretty decent sized bird feeder that holds a lot of seed.  This goes pretty fast.  Even the rare, hard to spot chipmunk bird likes it. :)
The swallows, finches, bluejays, and doves have never been so happy with our feeders. We used to put out a mixed seed (no shell stuff), but most of the smaller seeds would be left behind.  All of the local birds love these oily sunflower seeds and from sunrise to sunset there are 4+ birds at the feeder with many more waiting on the fence railing for their turn.With window feeders, you (and your cats!) never run out of bird-shaped entertainment.
I love Wagner's feeds. (Yes, I know. I say that on every&#34; Wagner's&#34; review. But that's because it's TRUE!) This seed is SO different from what Ihave  bought locally. You really do get what you pay for in seeds. The local stuff has empty hulls, small stones and dirt, stems and chaff and seeds the birds throw out...probably duds. So, it probably costs as much as Wagner's, and it makes twice the mess. Plus, you have to fill the feeder more often with cheap feed, because so much of what you put in is junk,
I have too many bird feeders . . . which means I'm buying bird seed ALL THE TIME!  The beauty of the WAGNER'S 20-lb SUNFLOWER SEEDS is the relatively low price and the free 2-day Prime shipping.  I can buy a similar 20-lb bag of sunflower seeds at my local hardware store for about a dollar less than this product, but I'll have to lug it home myself.  It's worth that dollar to have it delivered to my front door!As for the quality, I found the WAGNER'S seed to be about the same as the other brands I've purchased locally.  There are some bits of inedible material in the seed (twigs, shells, tiny pebbles), but no more than I've found in other seed I've purchased.  The birds love it (as they always do).This is a decent product at a good price.  If you have Amazon Prime, the convenience of 2-day home-delivery makes it a best buy.
We are getting a wide variety of visitors now since we started using this seed. I'm not sure if it's the oil or the seed or both, but we are very happy with this purchase. The product arrived in no time. Wonderful experience!
I was wary about buying bird seed online because I was worried it wouldn't be fresh and  was unsure if the birds would like it.  I took the chance and am glad that I did.  The birds have loved the seed and it has helped attract them to our yard.  It is also a great value for the price and amount.  I stored this in an air tight container I bought on amazon and it has stayed fresh and been great.  I also bought the Wagner's Wild Seed and that has also been great.
I purchased this seed for a lot less then what I purchased st the box stores and with free shipping.
I make up my own bird seed mix, usually using a mix of sunflower, cracked corn, peanut, and millet. I usually end up driving to a mill around 60 miles from home to buy my seed, so I was pleased to see this seed at a fairly competitive price, especially when taking into account the costs of driving to and from the mill. I was a bit cautious after reading some of the comments about the amount of debris in the bags, but there's really never any risk when buying through Amazon, so I went ahead and ordered.The seed arrived today, and I'm happy to say it's 100% quality seed. For a sort of consumer test I put out a handful on my picnic table, under one of my bird feeders, and there are currently two mourning doves having a grand time gobbling it up. The 20lb sack, mixed with other grains, should last me a month or more, and when it starts to run low I will probably order another sack from Amazon.
Clean?  There is a lot of debris included in the 20# - no different from the sunflower seed bags from the big box home stores. Gave 3*s for the convenience of the auto delivery.
I love this food. Before I got the ground feeder I would throw the sunflower seed on the ground in different places and the birds, and of course the squirrels were there.  This is now in my ground feeder which is fun to watch.  The birds, like the Blue Jays, can get to the seed easily and the squirrels sit and eat and are really so cute..You can spend time getting to know the family of squirrels as they become so tame.
If the wid birds love it, then I am happy. I have found nothing wild birds like more than sunflower seeds. I have tried many different seed mixtures from the basic stuff to the premium mixes. I attract the most birds with sunflower seeds. The Golden finches come and stay. The moment you gave them something else, the numbers drop by 50% As long as Amazon sells these 20 pound bags for under $20 I will continue getting them from here. If trhe price goes to over $20, you can get them at Garden stores for about that much.
These are the small black sunflower seeds (not the bigger striped seeds).The cardinals, blue jays and other birds ate them in a hurry (but not the grackles, mourning doves, starlings and other unwelcome birdhogs)Would I buy it again? YES
Great product with a good price with free two day delivery.  What more could a bird as for.
Birds seem to love these seeds.  Price is good, appears the bag will last about 3 to 4 weeks.  What I had hoped for.
I bought this seed because I wanted to feed birds, but did not want weeds in my yard. This seed seems to do the trick and I am attracting lots of birds (cardinals, finches, catbirds, chickadees, etc.)
Unfortunately i got this in the mail and the bag for some reason had busted open but i still decided to give a try since it made my whole house a mess and i had to pick it up anyway.I left the seed out and not a single bird not even a squirrel came near it!So unless the birds and squirrels in my neighborhood are very particular this Wagner's deluxe wild bird food was untouched for nearly 2 whole weeks. I would definitely not buy this again or recommend it.
The birds who stayed around during the wintertime thank you!  They are enjoying this mix.  Now, if I could keep the blackbirds and squirrels away, that would be amazing!  But, much to my dismay, they are enjoying the bird food as well.
This bird seed is better than the cheapest bulk seed you'll find at local stores, as it has more of the large seeds that attract more diverse birds like cardinals, blue jays, etc.I'd been using the bulk seed (which is mostly the itty-bitty yellowish seeds, with few sunflower seeds mixed in) for a while, and I had many finches, sparrows, and juncos at my feeder. A week or so after switching to this Wagner's seed, I started getting male and female cardinals, a couple blue jays, some chickadees, and a bunch of mourning doves.The price is decent (especially with Prime shipping), and the seed seems to attract some beautiful birds! For easier pouring, I highly recommend theBuddeez All-Purpose Dispenserfor pouring; this container fits a 10 lb. bag almost perfectly, and has two spouts great for pouring the seed into different size feeders.
I LOVE Wagner's feeds. The seeds are clean and plump, with no off-odors and VERY littlechaff, stems, etc. This is a great feed, but the &#34;Greatest Variety&#34; works even better for us. There's very little waste, and it truly does attract the greatest variety of birds.
I am very pleased with this and the other Wagner products.  Birds love this one and so do the squirrels but then I bought the box for feeding the big birds on the ground with the peanuts and all the other good stuff so the squirrels don't bother the feeders. I have had Blue jays, on this feed on the ground feeder and American yellow finches on the feeders.  Will always keep this feed on hand.
I've added this to two different feeders and the birds are eating it up. I get a lot of song birds with this blend.
The birds - and the squirrels - like this food very much. They are in front of my house all day long, enjoying the tasty seeds. They finish the seeds quite quickly and I make sure that I fill up the feeder all the time for them. I love watching these feathery visitors (and the occasional squirrel) from my kitchen window.
I am a repeat customer for Wagner's Cracked Corn.  It always arrives fresh.  This is one of the ingredients in my own seed formula for the backyard bird feeders.  It attracts the larger bill birds, such as jays.  I also mix a little in the squirrel box feeder.  However, I DON'T put it out during turkey mating season!  As with all feeders, seed falls on the ground.  The spilled cracked corn attracted about 5 large turkeys.  Gorgeous birds, but noisy, aggressive and big poops on the deck.  So, not during turkey mating season, thank you very much!  Otherwise, this is out in plenty for the other birds.
For my wild geese...we have two geese that we feed regularly and I read they love these and they do a bit pricey in my opinion.
the birds and squirrels love this stuff. it is priced right and comes in a nice bag, and is easy to dispense the product from it.
Pay this amount for cracked corn, when you can get it at a feed store for 1/3 the price? YES! Corn can contain contaminants, especially funguses, that will kill your livestock. I trust Wagner's completely to protect us from that. For that trustworthieness, I am willing to pay more.
a little costly for cracked corn but the ducks and geese love it!!
I bought this for ducks in my brother's swimming pool. He was giving them bread, I did a little reading and found that bread was not good for the ducks. In my reading they suggested cracked corn, so there you go.
I bought this to entice the wild ducks that have adopted the pond on our property.  The all the wild animals love the cracked corn.
Great price and well built, handle makes storage easy and the net has the standard PUSH BUTTON connector. This is a great buy.
Sent in a box that could almost hold a VW.  The handle is well made and easy to use  The net, however, is surprisingly flimsy.  It is hard to imagine that it will hold up under use. Cuestionable price/value correlation.
Been using this for over 2 years and it's held up well.  Handy for stuff on the surface, saving me from bringing out the tele pole with the leaf rake.
Love the adjustable handle! This has a strong well made handle and the net  area seems to be stronger than the last one I had.
Does wonders to get everything not just leaves, grass, but also pool toys out of the pool without having to break your back! Just the perfect size for Large Small sized Above Ground Inflatable Pools, but will also work with under ground and above ground pools as well;  as being a secondary accessory  - not for pool cleaning but rather to collect all those pool toys from Fun Balls / Ballz to other Floating objects out of the way to be put away.so it doesn't clog up your filter!
Very light-weight and with telescoping pole, it's easy to store when not in use. Works well to skim my pond of debris easily.
I ordered two and neither will hold air! Waste of time and effort trying to get replaced. Sorry I couldn't give it a one star review.
This will work just fine, and as like most pillows, it will last 2-3 seasons.  There's nothing special.  The price I paid for it was very, very reasonable.  What really intrigues me is the UNREALISTIC list price.  Really? Who would pay $50 for something like this.
Some of them last for a few season while others get the pinhole leaks and the air escapes.  I have 8 of them to cover our pool.  What happens is when the leaves and branches fall on the cover and somehow pokes through and punctures the thin layer of the pillow cover.
This inexpensive pillow decreased the water collection above my pool cover.  It's easy to inflate, deflate and store when unneeded.
both of these pillows have worked out well in closing the pool. just the right pitch for draining the rain and the coming snow. Should do the job fine....
I got tired of using the cheap pool poles you can buy at big box stores - my broom attachment at the end would eventually rip open the metal holes used to hold the plastic clips in.  This one is of a very high quality for the price and I am glad I purchased it; it shows no signs of weakness after a few months of use.
I wasn't sure about ordering this due to some of the negative reviews, but it works perfectly for me. Took me 2 seconds to put together, attached my brush, and was ready to scrub the pool. Glides much easier through the water as compared to my last pool brush pole, which had a lot of resistance. Thanks
The end caps keeps coming off so the inner pole falls into itself. It dents easily. For the price it's okay. I will use it until I cannot any more. Then I may spend a bit more on a nicer one next time.
A good adjustable pole that works for your pool and probably other uses. Not too expensive and well made. I put a net on it and used it to help skim things off the top of the pool.
I purchased this along with a pool vacuum.  The pole seems to be made well and does extend easily and locks easily.
I use this pole for my vacuum my two nets and my broom. It works great and I can reach my whole pool.
This pole measures a whopping 12' when fully extended. I bougth it with this brush:Hydro Tools 8235 10-Inch Professional Floor and Wall Pool Brushand it works perfectly. However, it WILL NOT fit the cheap tools included with SummerScapes cleaning tools such as nets and vacums. This pole's diameter is much wider.The pole is made of what seems to be aluminum, but I could be wrong. It is light and a bit flimsy, but at this price, it is more thann perfect for my needs. I was looking for a cheap alternative to other more expensive, not so needed poles and this one fits the bill quite nicely.It has two adjusting knobs to to extend it to its max length and vice versa. It is easy to manage and manouver while cleaning; I didn't suffer from arm fatigue or had any difficulty while setting it up. A perfect product for the right needs.A final note. Amazon tried their best to protect the pole from damage during shipping, they stuffed a lot of packing heavey duty paper, but the pole still came with a small bent a the main opening, it was small and easy enough to fix. The material it is made of is thin (not too thin of course) and easy enough to re-adjust/fix.
This fit very well with its skimmer head. The pole is strong enough to handle my backyard pond. The three pieces allows me to store the pole nicely and open it all the way during the scooping.
This pole is just as good or better than the ones I have purchased from my pool store.  The price is MUCH better.  I will be back when I need more poles.....
I dont have a pool guy so scrub my own pool about every other week and this gets the job done.  I wish it where slightly stronger as I have bent the pole a little.  For the price I am pretty happy.
I am using this for the screen skimmer for an 18' round pool.  It is made better than I thought because I will try to &#34;stir&#34; my pool with past pole with the skimmer on it and they have failed.  This one seems to be heavier and able to withstand me &#34;stirring&#34; the pool.  It is longer than I thought when fully extended but has worked great this season.
I like zero gravity chairs and this is one of the best I have owned. It is already put together so you just unpack and enjoy. It is nice looking and works great. I am a large guy and I can fit comfortably in it. It does have an 'infinite' amount of positions. But of course once past a certain point gravity is going to lean you all the way back.But then that is where this chair shines. In the fully back position it is most comfortable. Not as far back as some zero gravity recliners but just perfect. You can use a smart phone, tablet, or read and it is very comfortable. Or you can fall asleep. I have a west facing backyard and this is my go-to chair. I simply move it to wherever shade is best and then enjoy my time outside. Recommended.
Is a very comfortable chair.  Handsome for the price and seems well constructed.  Easy to lock into place however I want it to be.  Folds and unfolds easily enough.  Again,  really good price on this chair. Good solid material.  I'm glad I bought it.
I really liked these chairs and I can relax on the porch at any angle from sitting up to laying all the way back.  Feels great at all positions.  I'm thinking about a couple more of these to take with me on fishing trips.
I purchased this for my husband, who has back problems and he enjoys it very much.  It is very comfortable on our deck.  Folds up quite small and is easy to store.
I love this chair! It's very comfortable and easy to use--just unfold it and then use your feet as leverage to recline it. Seems pretty sturdy (so much so that I doubt I'll be lugging it to the beach much--definitely doable, but it's much sturdier than your average beach chair).The only downside, one that I should have foreseen from the listing, is that it doesn't recline fully. meaning that if you're looking for a chair which will allow you to lie on your stomach, keep looking--because this will only work if you're on your back. But if you're okay with that and want a good quality chair to use for sunning, beach, etc. this is perfect! The second you recline in it, you really do feel weightless! Oh and get the little tray--by Prime Products. It snaps right on to this chair and is so convenient!
May 28, 2014 update:  We have this chair positioned so that it only gets morning sun; there has been no fading, and so far Matt the cat has not deemed it necessary to use it for a scratching post.We needed to replace a 15-year old La Fuma zero gravity chair that Matt the cat has been sleeping in on the patio for the past 11 years.  This is because the La Fuma chair was a gift, and I never found it particularly comfortable.  On the other hand, this Caravan chair is very comfortable for me at 5'3\" (okay, sure, my legs do not reach the floor, but my back is comfortable) as well as my husband at 6'1\".  It adjusts effortlessly.  The fabric appears to be very sturdy, and the beige color, in person actually has a slightly greenish cast, which is okay with me because my other new patio chairs have light green and beige stripes.Here is additional information on the chair tag that is not presented on the Amazon product page site:  comfortable ergonomical armrests; anti-slip pads for security; finger tip locking system; and weight capacity of 300 pounds.  At $49 including super saver shipping, in my opinion this is a good value.  This review will be updated periodically according to how it wears.
this is a great relaxing camp chair. well made and very durable.  I do enjoy the material for ventelation on a hot day as I perspire profussely.
Just got the chair and the shipping box was a mess, but the chair made it through without a mark that I couldsee.The basic chair frame, webbing and fabric are great.The only draw back I could see was that plastic was used for the fittings, slides, and clamps (the stuff that holds the chair together).  For this reason alone, I don't expect this chair to last more than a couple of seasons where I live, even if it is hung up in the garage, out of the elements; the elements being the sun and dry climate, as I live in Mohave Valley Arizona and if it is made of plastic or rubber, it has a half life compared to most other climates because the plastic and rubber are cooked and outgassed in quick order.I set the chair up and sat on it and it does feel nice, but I have sat on nicer lounges. (like my Brown and Jordan that I have had for over 20 years)The chair feels a bit uneasy at first as the frame moves around a bit within the plastic fittings, but does settle down and I think it will make a great drink beer in the shade of the garage door opening chair, which for some reason is always the coolest spot on a hot day.Addendum:Wow, this thing just doubled in price; at $47.00 Free ship by Amazon its an OK deal, but at double that price with a private shipper, stay away from it! The chair is not worth it!
So far this is holding up about 6 spaghetti squash and a ton of pumpkins. Surprisingly strong for something so light weight.
This is exactly what I was looking for for my trellis. I was considering using chicken-wire and other fence products like the vinyl deer fences but the openings were always too small. I wanted giant openings so the plants can move around freely.I was a little concerned when I got this. It's a wad of netting in a bag. I thought for sure it was going to be a unusable tangled mess but I was wrong. With some patience I was able to unravel this in no time. The trick is to not pull hard on it. If you get frustrated and start pulling all crazy like, you will end up with a knotted mess.In addition to this netting I also added some plant and flower clips to support the cucumbers and they worked great!
I build all of my trellis myself. I bought this one to use on watermelons and cantaloupe. I basically build my trellis for these plants by making it at a 45 degree angle. I build it 4' x 8'. I let the plants grow up the trellis by teaching them to grow up it. I also use a 5' x 10' real fishnet hanging down directly below it to hold the watermelons and cantaloupes up off the ground The fishnet keeps the fruits from touching the ground and allows them to grow really big and not pull themselves off the vine because of being to big and heavy. I have learned that they do much better if they are not lying on the ground. Way to many chances of bugs, diseases and little critters getting them easy. I plant all of my vegetables and fruits in containers. They work great and I don't have to til up the ground. The most easiest way to have a garden guys. And it works great!!!  Very inexpensive also. You can reuse your potting soil a few more years. Just don't plant the same plants in them as you did last year. Make sure to use the right fertilizers to mix in with the reused potting soil. Some say no you can't..But bull hockey YES you can!!!
In case anyone wonders what this looks like it is like &#34;fabric chicken wire&#34;. It also resembles the netting in a Fish Net.  It seems to be strong, but after many vining plants are grown on it, it would be much easier to throw away.
This fall, I used these on squash, tomatoes and peas and they worked very well, giving me easy access to the fruit.
I was somewhat skeptical that this would be worth its price and that nothing could surpass the traditional way of cleaning windows and mirrors.Upon use, I was pleasantly surprised.Pros:It is simpler to assemble and use; as well as empty than one might think.The reach of the cleaner enabled me to clean a very large bathroom mirror that I would have had needed to get a step stool to navigate.Not a heavy unit.Minimum use of paper towels.A clean and beautiful result.Cons:Yes, it appears expensive but let us start to calculate the cost of paper towels over a period of time.Reservoir does need to be emptied and dried out before storage.Does need to be charged prior to use.All in all, I believe the unit is worth it.  It does prompt a clean factor in that once it is charged you will find yourself going thru your home to clean a window, or mirror or whatever.Use hints:Be generous with the spray of the window cleaner used...(suggestion Windex)Learn to manipulate the Karcher to reach all points and corners.Of course, you will still need paper towels or microfiber cloths to clean inner sills.  I also use a small art brush to get into track corners but generally this is reserved for seasonal cleaning.I love the unit...this is my second full season using it!
I live in a glass house (a mid-century modern, actually), so I am keen to any new ideas to clean windows. Of course I jumped all over the opportunity to get this through the Vine program, but I'm always skeptical of product claims. However, after trying this product, I can honestly say it works better than I thought it would.Pros---While it seems like it has low power, it has proven to be enough to slurp up glass cleaner, as long as you don't try to race through the process---Fairly streak free results, you just have to make sure the cleaning blade has nothing stuck on it---Replaceable rubber blade. Appears to be a standard size you can find replacements for in many stores. This is important because the sharpness of the rubber edge determines how streak free the results are, so you need to change the rubber blade over time. Not needing to buy a proprietary replacement is a big plus---Works when you turn it on its side, which you'll need to do at window bottomsCons:---Battery life is decent but not great---Bulkiness. The key to streak free cleaning of large windows, like the 8' x 9' plate glass windows I have, is to be able to make large, sweeping passes over a large area. Professional window cleaners almost do this as an art form. I don't know why it works, but if you get in a good groove, you can clean large areas with no streaks in a matter of minutes. However, this thing is a bulky machine that is not light like a traditional window squeegee and the grip is not thin or maneuverable enough for subtle shifting, so making those kinds of smooth, flowing arches on a large window is not really effectiveI have found that the only way to get glass really clean is to use a squeegee, but with no way to contain the glass cleaning liquid, it has always been an unwelcome and messy chore. This machine makes it easy to clean glass more often, especially bathroom mirrors, which tend to get dirty fast.On the whole, this machine is effective and easy enough to use for your average window and mirror cleaning needs. It makes cleaning glass much less of an issue because it cleanly sucks up the glass cleaning liquid. I did not have any drips as long as you don't try to race across the surface.
This review was written by my wifeThe Karcher Cordless Window & Flat Surface Vac is a cool gadget but I wouldn't pay $70 for something that I would only use occasionally.  It basically does what it says-vacuum cleans glass surfaces after a cleaning solution is applied.  It is cordless so it has to be recharged after about a 1/2 hour of use-not enough time to do the windows in a house and its simply too much trouble to use it on a small job.  To be fair, the Karcher Vac does a much better job than a conventional squeegee or a paper towel and Windex, but its just not as handy!I can see where it would be perfect for someone who might have large expanses of mirrors or glass in their house..........or someone who washes their own windows!
I have a huge crazy shower that I didn't build...it has a lightning storm, 6 places that the water streams from, music speakers, auto temp settings for each user, steam, and was here before I ever entered the house. It also has one huge wall of solid glass.Someone thought that was a great sexy idea when they built it but after you take a shower, it means you have a heck of a lot of cleaning to do if you don't want build up on the glass.It used to mean cleaning with a squeegee, and a towel, and still getting streaks and drips.This makes a complicated shower simple. At least simple to clean.This gadget VACUUMS the water off the window whereas a sqeegee makes the water drip down the glass. This makes it so simple, even if you are cleaning your house windows. I can actually clean from the inside by just reaching up the window, no mess, no drips.The squeegee is still there on the end of this so you still get your squeegee action, it just creates a cleaner and easier way of doing your glass cleaning or mirror cleaning and you can still use your soap and water if scrubbing is needed.And I can finally get out the of the shower without it being like working a second job.In fact, my husband declared it one of his favorite gadgets because it works so darn well.
I ordered this mainly because I'm a VINE reviewer and it looked like an interesting product. However, I cannot imagine paying $70 for this.  It's mainly just a glorified squeegee with a battery. And if you're asking yourself why you would need a battery-operated squeegee, that's a good question. I see no reason for it. The stated purpose of having a battery in this product is so that it sucks up the water that you squeegee off, but is that really necessary? I don't think so.  I used it and found it no better than using glass cleaner and a paper towel.  I also used it to clean my bathtub (I like to clean the tub after each use and leave it dry to prevent mildew, and this does the trick). That one use is not enough to justify the expense of this item, though. A good cloth, some elbow grease, and/or a good squeegee works just as well and doesn't cost a fraction of what this thing costs.Save your money.
This is a great tool if only for the forest of paper towels you'll save when you use it. Right now it is too cold to go out and clean the exterior windows, but that is sort of a non-issue as I have a lot of mirrors, French doors, and patio doors to clean. My dog slobbers on the windows, the kid expels his toothpaste on the bathroom mirror. You know the story and can probably add a lot more.This is how I use it. I spray the window with glass cleaner and then give it a once over with a lint free cloth. I read pen (if needed) and then use this to dry the window thoroughly. This does a nice streak free job, the rubber blade gets everything, and there is no puddle of water on either the floor or base of the window.This also does a nice job on countertops, my glass tabletops, or anything that has a flat top such as my kitchen table with a tile inlay.This is a good product that will continue to be used around here.
This is great! It charges quickly and is effective in cleaning my glass shower. I normally used a regular squeegee, which always leaves that line of water along the side that you have to hand-dry. No problem with this thing! Leaves a perfectly dry surface.
Our shower stall is four foot by five foot with a one foot by four foot bench.  The angle of the base drain causes it to drain very slowly.  Between the size and the slow drain, it has to be dried to avoid growing unpleasant things.  We've used a top brand squeegee and it takes a while and does an okay job.  We picked up the Karcher Cordless Window & Flat Surface Wet Vac to see if it could speed up and/or do a better job.  I'm pleased to say that it does both - a faster and better job of drying the shower.The 20 minute battery life was more than enough to get the entire job done.  Due to the size of the shower, I had to empty the reservoir one halfway through the process - not a big deal as I just emptied it down the shower drain.  After two long hot showers, the Karcher made the walls feel dry to the touch after one quick pass.Due to the slow drain mentioned above, there was more water on the shower floor than the reservoir could hold, so I turned it off and used it as a regular squeegee to push the majority of the water to the drain and then turned it on and dried up the remaining water.  While drying the floor, I noticed that while holding the unit at a certain angle, some water squirted out of the vents at the back of the unit.  I solved this by changing the angle slightly.I plan to use the unit every night and recommend it highly for the purpose of drying the shower.  I haven't used it on our windows, so I can't speak to that function.
File this under things I went my whole life never knowing I needed. I was actually pretty excited to try this gadget, and it does its job well enough BUT you have to charge it for 3 hours to get 20 minutes of low-suction usage out of it. It's just one more thing to remember to do (note to self: charge the flat surface wet vac!) or if you have enough outlets you could leave it plugged in all the time...I guess. In that case, I think you'd want a nice wall-mount charging station for it. Which for the price you might think it would come with already, but it doesn't.The directions warn that this is not a shop vac. Don't try to suck up a spilled beverage with it, as it holds less than an ounce of liquid.One great thing about this unit is that it HAS inspired me to buy a regular, manual squeegee to clean with. Don't get me wrong...this thing does a fine job of cleaning flat glass surfaces, windows and counter tops streak-free, AND I think it does that better than just a spray bottle with some paper towels or rags or newspaper...BUT I don't think it does a better job than a plain old regular squeegee, which doesn't require charging or suddenly stop working after 20 minutes. It is also easier to clean a plain, old fashioned squeegee.
Actually, streaky windows bug me.  Our house has some floor to ceiling windows facing the backyard and between the kids having squirt gun wars and the cat scratching at the windows trying to come in and eat dinner 6 times per day our windows are always kind of streaky.  Every once in awhile I would feel some inspirations and go at the windows with some Windex and paper towels but they never really looked that great when I was done (still streaky) and it was a lot of effort (and paper towels).So I was more than willing to put this Karcher through the paces.  Plus the male side of me was kind of excited to add another motorized tool to my collection - the more the better.  So this little shop-vac for windows actually works.  I cleaned and squeegie vaccumed my big rear windows and they look way better than using Windex.  Pretty quick to use and very little streaking - a bit of runnage in the areas to the side of the squeegie.So I like this product.  However, around the same time I also began using the \"e-cloth\" that I purchased on Amazon based upon rave reviews.  The e-cloth is low tech - it's just a microfiber cloth and it costs $15. The thing is the e-cloth gets my windows absolutely spotless streak-free with less effort than even this Karcher vac - plus cheaper, no recharging, less noise, etc.  My wife was impressed with the Karcher but she could absolutely not believe how well the little e-cloth worked.So in summary, I definitely recommend this Karcher vac over the old chemical methods such as Windex.  I would be using this Karcher now except for my e-cloth discovery.  4-stars for the Karcher in consideration of price-value and if you are allergic to e-cloth.
I must admit, when I first told my boyfriend that I was getting this product, he laughed his butt off, calling it ridiculous and unnecessary.  He is right if you don't have a big job...it's far too big to bust out to do a quick once-over on small windows...BUT...When you have a BIG job, like sliding glass doors with dog footprints and dog snot all over them, you will like this product...(I have FIVE dogs who are spoiled and don't spend a minute of time extra outside if they don't have to.)It doesn't actually \"clean\" your windows.  You clean your windows, using your paper towels, and then finish the job with this.  It sucks up all the dirty water, and does a decent job.  It does, however, leave a few streaks, so don't put away your paper towels--those small streaks will clean up easily with a dry towel.All in all, this is a bit cumbersome, but is worth charging up and getting out for the big jobs.  Small jobs aren't worth it.If you have a ton of big windows, and clean them all on \"window cleaning day\", then it's quite a help.
No fan of cleaning, I'm all in favor of anything that makes the process faster and easier.  This lightweight (slightly over 1 1/2 pounds) Karcher wet vac does just that and the results are impressive.  I've used it to clean windows, mirrors, a storm door, a ceramic stove-top, a tiled shower and its doors and they all looked very much better for my (minimal) effort.  I have plenty of other projects in mind but I'm certainly encouraged by the success of my initial cleaning bout.After charging the internal lithium-ion battery, I grabbed a bottle of cleaning solution, sprayed the object in question and then squeegeed off the excess liquid.  Unless the surface is very dirty, the suction of the machine in conjunction with the action of the neoprene blades does most of the work so very little elbow grease is required.  Depending on the circumstances, certain areas might require another pass or two to get them really clean and streak-free.  Unlike paper towels and most cloths, it leaves no lint behind.  Clean-up is simple; just pull the plug on the receptacle and empty the used cleaning solution into the sink, wipe the blades and you're done.  It's a good idea to recharge the device so it's ready the next time you want to use it.  And believe me, there will be a next time.
The .7Kg / 25 oz Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac, designed and engineered in Germany and made in Hungary, is packaged as four pieces which quickly snap together.  The tank snaps onto the handle section which contains the motor works and rechargeable lithium ion battery, then the vacuum neck snaps into the handle section, locking the tank into place.  Lastly, the blade assembly snaps into the vacuum neck.  Fully assembled, the device stands 14\" / 356 mm tall, 4.75\" / 121 mm deep, and 3.5\" / 89 mm wide at the base and 11\" / 280 mm wide at the wiper blade.According to the instructions on the box, all that's required is to spray the surface with cleaning solution then vac-wipe.  On relatively clean mirrors in the bathroom the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac worked well enough.  When I tried this approach on dirty exterior windows and wound up with a streaky mess.  I went to the product website for additional information and found the online instructions require a three step process. Spray the surface with detergent, clean the surface with a microfiber cloth, then vacuum the liquid away.  Once done, empty the tank and recharge the battery for next time.Between the small tank and the need to scrub the windows first, it's easier to just use a standardwindow washing squeegee.Being promoted as being able to clean windows, mirrors, condensation, showers, car windows, spills, and auto bodies, I grabbed the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac to clean up a significant spill in our bar.  The Karcher wet vac started sucking up the liquid, then would spit it out the side venting and shut down.  As a device to clean up spills, the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac fails to deliver, and made a bigger mess on my cabinets.I am so disgusted by the ineffectiveness and uselessness of the Karcher Cordless window and flat surface wet vac I wish I could return it, or better yet destroy it with a sledge hammer.  I would suggest there is a special need for assistance, I would recommendPROS:Clean up to 45 windows per chargeSimple to assembleCan be returned for a full refundCONS:Ineffective and excessive tool
The KARCHER CORDLESS FLAT SURFACE WET VAC is a glorified squeegee, but it's glorious!  My condo has three large dressing room/bathroom mirrors that collect splatters.  The smallest is more than 9 square feet, and this is absolutely the best tool I've come across for cleaning such large mirrors.  All I do is dust the mirror, spray it with ordinary glass cleaner (not any spirit or foam types), and use the vacuum like a squeegee to wipe off the cleaner.  The vac picks up all of the liquid without leaving streaks.  In areas close to a wall or countertop, the vac works in horizontal or upside-down position.This vac also works well on the outside of my hard-to-clean glass chandelier shade, and on shower stall doors.  It's lightweight and cordless, so it's easy to handle.  If you read the instructions and study the diagrams, you'll find this vac simple to assemble and disassemble (for cleaning).  Cleaning only requires emptying the tank, and then rinsing the tank, the squeegee, and the squeegee connector piece. The vac charges very quickly (using the supplied wall outlet charger), and a single charge handles two large mirrors (and maybe more). The instructions do caution that this vac is not intended for vacuuming up large amounts of liquid (such as spilled drinks) from horizontal surfaces.
This is essentially a hand-held vacuum with a squeegee attached.  Simply spray your regular window-cleaning solution on the glass, and use the Karcher Window Vac to remove the solution and grime.  It does a good job on windows and mirrors, and it doesn't leave streaks.  I'm not sure it's necessary to spend this much to do the job, as wiping with a paper towel only uses a little more elbow grease than using the Karcher.  However, if you want a nifty little vacuum to do the job (which is quite a unique idea), you'll need to spend the $$ to get the vacuum.
You can't go wrong with any Karcher product. It lives up to its nameI find this product very useful in my Florida home as I like to clean the shower door and shower tile dry after each use to prevent mold and mildew.  It is easy to use and effective.Only down fall is that I happened to have to many windows to clean and can't clean them all on one charge. However, it does a great job on slurping up the water as you are squeegeeing off the dirt from the windows.Main use of this product for me will be used in bathrooms to elimination any possible growth of mold and mildew.The price is not cheap but over time this product will pay for itself.
Having used Karcher pressure washers for years in a variety of applications, I was pleased to see this product to test.  Since it was delivered in the winter, the test had to wait for spring.  Today was the day.  After charging properly, we took to the windows and storm doors.  The power squeegee does not replace the elbow grease necessary to get a really clean window.  One still needs a spritz product to clean.
This is a useful tool for streak-free cleaning smooth surfaces such as windows, counter tops, shower stalls and doors, car windows, glass doors, etc. Easy to use, just charge, spray cleaner on your surface and go. I have arthritis and this is easier on your arms, shoulders, and neck than paper towels with window cleaner. I would like to see a longer battery life and a extension option, but still love this tool.Highly recommend as it does the work for you.
I have had a lot of portable vacuums that supposedly are for using wet or dry, but usually they do not do the wet part well. This device is really made for wet use only, and is basically a portable electric squeegee. I have used it for cleaning up condensation problems in the bathroom and occasionally on my regular windows. A regular squeegee tends to just push the water around and still drip on the floor -- this machine sucks up every drop and leaves a clean dry surface behind.Karcher recommends using it with conventional glass cleaners but no spirit or foam cleaners. Because of the relatively small water storage tank it is necessary to empty after almost every use, however it is emptied easily by pulling out a simple drain plug. For example, if I vacuum the glass doors of my shower and the the back walls I have already filled the reservoir to the maximum line. I have also used the wet vac to clean up minor liquid spills and it does a good job on flat surfaces...The instructions say the device is for household use only, so don't think you can replace the garage wet vac with this small portable unit.  Also it is effective only on flat surfaces such as windows, mirrors or tile.The battery has a built in lithium-ion rechargeable battery and comes with the appropriate wall charger. The battery life is good (~20 minutes, as advertised) but is not user replaceable -- when it dies, you'll have to replace the whole unit. All necessary parts are included, though you may eventually have to replace the rubber squeegee.All in all, I call it my \"water dust buster\" -- if only Black and Decker made good dry portable vacuums anymore ... but I digress. In any case, the product is well engineered and is sure to be a hit in the US market.
This window vac is easy to use and can help get a streak-less shine without any lint from towels. I used it to clean my shower door and the results were very good. I also used it on a very dirty mirror and I got some streaks. You have to make sure you clean and scrub a dirty mirror or window then use this to clean off all of the clean water for a streak-less shine. You also need to make sure the blades are clean before use, or you will get streaks.The window vac is lightweight and easy to use. It's easy to empty the liquid reservoir and easy to remove the rubber squeegee blade and rinse it off. I don't know that this is a necessity, but if you have a lot of glass, that you want to be dry and streak free after washing, it doesn't get any easier than running the squeegee vac over the newly washed glass. It's also fun.
The Karcher Window Vac is great if you are cleaning windows that are not so dirty or Bathroom Tile or Tubs you want to keep dry.. This Vac just picks up the excess water left behind by cleaning. I really dont see the need to use something else to finsh the job. This works great for simple cleaning.
I bought this last year as a lightning deal.  By the time I bought it, I had the windows already washed for Fall.  I pulled it out today to wash for Spring.  This worked quite well on all my big windows where I could stand in front of them.  I had a rag to wipe around the four edges but really didn't even need that.  It picked up all the water all the way down with nothing at the bottom of the window.  On windows where I had things in front of them that I was not about to move, it was a little more difficult.  I could only go down a certain distance then had to turn this sideways to finish the windows.  By doing this, I did have to use a rag to wipe the little bit of water left but it wasn't bad.  I cleaned eight windows that are about four feet long and 10 windows about three feet long and the container was about 1/4 full of water.  After I finished and cleaned out the bottle, when putting it back together, one of the clips broke off right away.  I am waiting to talk to Karcher to see if this will still work as good.  I am kind of disappointed this product is made so flimsy.
I was pretty excite about getting the Karcher Window Cleaner. I have many big windows and also have to clean the ones close to the ground weekly, because my Pugs spray them with their snot. Here is the thing--if you don't have surfaces that are too dirty, you can spray cleaning product on them and use this to clean it. However, if your windows are really dirty, you need to scrub with a rag then use this product to remove water. Problem is a charge only lasts 20 minutes--not long enough to do a lot of window. Plus--I got streaks when I used it.I find it a pain to use this product for small jobs because of the cleaning of the unit. Easier to use paper towels and a spray cleaner. For big jobs, doesn't last long enough. That said, I already have this and will use it occasionally--but wouldn't buy it. However, I do recommend quality squeegees to get big jobs done.
This gadget worked pretty much exactly like the description.  Where I found it the most useful was in the shower stall and on a mirror that I have in the bathroom that is large and hangs above my sink.  It was easy to assemble and to use and gets the surface clean. I found it to be a good size-not too large or heavy where it would be a pain to carry around and use and not too small where it would take too long to clean surfaces. I can see where someone who has limited function in their hands would also find this very useful or someone who has a lot of windows to clean. It boils down to personal cleaning preference I think...some people like to use a cloth and Windex to clean windows, others prefer a squeegee and this is basically a really cool squeegee.
I have a LOT of windows to clean, and it's not one of my favorite things to do.  I was skeptical upon receiving thisKarcher Cordless Window & Flat Surface Wet Vacand figured it would end up sitting in my garage, gathering dust.  I am happy to report that I WAS WRONG!  It made cleaning windows much easier.  It's still not fun.  That would require one heckuva an invention.  :)  HOWEVER, it does make it a much quicker, simpler job.If the charge lasted longer, I'd give it 5 stars.  I'd love to be able to do my upstairs and downstairs windows - inside and out - on one charge.
I really don't enjoy cleaning windows or mirrors, which is why I ordered this product.  I thought it might make this chore a little more pleasant.I use white vinegar to clean mirrors and windows, with the usual technique of spray on, rub all over with a cloth to clean, dry with another cloth.  The Karcher Vac generally eliminates the rubbing step by combining it with the drying step.  However, I did find occasional areas that it did not completely clean, such as a few toothpaste splatters and a suction cup mark.  I have to keep a cloth with me anyway, to remove the more stubborn spots and dry again.I have to hand dry the final area where the squeegee was touching the glass each time I lifted it off, because it leaves behind a wet line.  Also, if anything gets stuck on the squeegee, even just a tiny bit of fuzz, this leaves behind a streak until you wipe the squeegee off with your cloth.The instructions tell you to take the squeegee part off, then take off the yellow plastic section between the squeegee and the handle area, to finally be able to remove the tank for emptying.  This is a tedious operation, not to mention unnecessary.  The hole and its rubber plug for emptying the tank are on the outside of the appliance, so you can just pull the rubber plug, turn the whole vac upside down over a sink, and it will drain.However,the rubber plug is difficult to remove, as are the squeegee and the other plastic part that must be removed to empty the tank according to the directions.  The product description claims this vac will make the chore easier for those with carpal tunnel or arthritis, but I think people with these issues would have some difficulty with these stiff components.This appliance is also rather large.  I don't have enough room under any of my sinks for it.  The squeegee is 11\" wide, and the appliance is 14\" tall, which makes it awkward to store on a shelf.  Plus the battery charger needs to be stored with it, taking up more shelf space.The lithium ion battery is lightweight, and does hold a charge for a long time.  However, it is not replaceable.  This is the reason I don't own a hand vac, I think it is wasteful to throw the whole thing away when the battery dies.  When the Karcher dies eventually, I won't be replacing it.  It's a novelty, but didn't make the job any easier for me, just different.
I have a lot of windows and a few sliding doors as well. One of the doors was really dirty from the winter weather and I thought that was be an especially good test of this window vac and it was. First I cleaned the inside of the sliding doors - you just spray your window cleaner on the window - I started from the top down - and then you turn the Karcher Window Vac on and squeegee your window cleaner off and your window clean.I didn't think it would work that well, and wondered if I'd still need to use some paper towels.  It worked really well. Cleaned the door well, and even the really dirty side cleaned up beautifully.  It worked as well on my windows. It's not very heavy to hold and clean up was easier then I expected too. Just pull off and wash the blade, then open the reservoir tank discharge plug and pour the dirty water out - then you pour clean water in the open top (the blade is off) and keep pouring water through until it's clean. Only took a minute or two.Their were no drips or streaks on the window and I did a lot of cleaning with no paper towels. Recommended!
A common method of cleaning glass and sometimes other flat surfaces is to wet them with a cleaning solution and squeegee the liquid off. This Karcher cordless wet vac handles the last part ok, but it's much more complex to deal with than a simple squeegee and towel. But, more to the point, simply spraying on the cleaner is rarely sufficient - you need to wipe or scrub to get adhered grime off. Many squeegees have a mesh-covered foam side used for that purpose, or there's always the classic towel.I found that the Karcher vac did remove cleaner from the glass, but unless the glass was merely dusty, it remained dirty. I could spray and then wipe, then use the Karcher to remove residual moisture, but it seemed like an awful lot of bother for such a simple task. You would have to keep the vac charged, then when done disassemble it and clean out the storage tank. While this is easily done, it's a fairly large appliance that could be difficult to store compactly.  I also noticed that the power supply was the old, inefficient transformer type rather than a newer switching supply, and was not universal voltage.Lastly, the squeegee head supplied is more than 11 inches wide - too wide for many of the divided-light windows in my house.  An optional 6 inch head is available which I think would be more versatile.I can't recommend the Karcher Wet Vac. It doesn't significantly improve on traditional non-motorized methods and is not versatile enough to pay its way.
I was highly skeptical of this product when we first ordered it.  It seemed to be a solution looking for a problem, and not something that would really make my life any easier or my glass any cleaner.  I was wrong.  This tool is great.Charge, spray, vacuum, empty, and return to the charger.  It is that easy.  You don't even have to think about charging time, because the charger shuts off when the battery is recharged.Not messy.  Often this type of gadget takes so much time to keep clean that any benefit gained is lost in the clean-up process.  That wasn't the case with this.  On the windows, counters, tables, and tiles that I have used it on, the only clean-up that it required was pouring out its tank.No streaks.  Using regular Windex type spray, I didn't have any noticeable streaks, even on mirrors.  It really works well (at least while it is new).  I'll update this review if its performance degrades over time.Quiet.  I was a little worried that this was going to turn a previously silent task into one that required hearing protection.  Out of the box, it is very quiet while running.I recommend that you give this a try.  I think that you will be as surprised and impressed as we were about its performance.
It seems like an intriguing item and is technically in the vac family so I thought I'd give it a try. Charging is fast and easy. When the blinking light steadies, the unit is charged.First test was a large slider in the kitchen. I sprayed and squeegied then sprayed and squeegied again. Most of the dirt came off, but a handful of spots had to removed the old fashioned way - window cleaner and paper towels. Despite the ominous instruction, \" DO NOT USE outdoors or on wet surfaces\" , I used the Karcher to clean the outside of the glass slider - twice, with the same results.  Despite breaking the rules I survived.I did make one big mistake while cleaning, however, and I saw no warning in the owner's manual. When I got to the bottom of the slider, I couldn't get the vac to suck up all of the cleaner. My bright idea was to turn the Karcher around and vacuum upside down, bottoms up. Soon cleaner was spraying out of the bottom vents and into my face. Not a pleasant experience and quite a mess. I finished up the slider bottoms with paper towels.Next I tried the bathroom mirrors and the glass shower doors. The Karcher worked OK, but not impressively so. At this point I was thinking that the Karcher Wet Vac was a real bust, an expensive gimmick.Before putting the Karcher away I got the bright idea to try it on the tub surrounds in both bathtubs. They're the kind of plexiglass units one might buy at Bath Fitters. I've always hated cleaning those things; it's a worthless, time consuming chore that leaves the walls wet and looking no better than they did before.Not expecting much, I sprayed the surround thoroughly, waited a minute or so, and then used the new squeegee vac. The results were miraculous. After Karchering the tub surrounds were dry, gleaming, and smooth to the touch. They'd never looked so good. Excess cleaner drips down into the tub and built in soap dish, but I got that with paper towels.And so, for me, the Karcher Cordless Window Vac is a mixed bag - mediocre on glass but fabulous in the bathroom. Emptying is a bit tedious also because the rubber plug is very tight, and I worry that an overly energetic pull will break it.Being a cheapskate, I was tempted to try to reuse the window cleaner collected in the plastic tank, but I resisted the urge.For now I'm giving the Karcher three stars plus. With more experience and use,  I may have to reconsider that evaluation.
I really like the Karcher Window Vac, especially for indoor jobs.  Not only does it save me on paper towels, it's very light weight and easy to use and the noise level is low enough to be non-intrusive.Indoors, it works great on my standard windows and mirrors and even does a great job of cleaning doggie nose prints off my sliders, never dripping or making any other mess of its own.  I've also used it to clean my granite counters in the kitchen and to clean up spills on my tile floor.I'm very happy with the vac for indoor use.  Outdoors, I had to scrub sticky spots off my sliders by hand then go over the glass twice to really get them clean -- but to be fair, they had a lot of dust and dirty build up.  I recommend the window vac!
I am not entirely sure what I was expecting with this product. It seemed like a great way to clean windows, mirrors and according to the box, bathrooms, and it is! The charge lasts pretty long, and while initially I thought the tank was a little small, it works perfectly. I've yet to come close to filling it up. Now this little wet vac is a bit bulky, and maybe smaller, lighter might have been a better way to go. The instructions say it is for indoor use and not outdoor, but what I am thinking is they are trying to avoid having someone treat it roughly or leave it in extreme weather. I certainly won't recommend using something not as intended, but I've used it on my car and brought it in... was fine. Now as far as streaks go, yes it works very well for that. I've used water, harsher cleaners and some natural products, and they all worked well with this. I still needed to use a rap to wipe the squeegee part and also the very bottom of the mirror. It's not small enough to get right down there in the bottom. The motor is not especially loud either, and the charge lasts long enough to get the job done, at least for me.If you have limited space, and are not looking for another gadget, this probably isn't for you. If you like gadgets, and want to toy around with a product that is almost there, this is for you. If you are already efficient at this kind of cleaning, the bulk of it is going to annoy you. This is a maybe just a hair more of a curiosity than a tool. I will say I had fun using it, but I like gadgets and hate cleaning.
This is definitely not a necessary gadget BUT...I have to say for the first time ever I have streak free bathroom mirrors! I absolutely hate cleaning windows and mirrors. With this window vac I can spray on a bit of windex and vacuum my way to shiny clean. Another plus is that it extends my reach where I can reach the top of my mirrors without a step stool. (elbow grease is still required for stuck on particles of any kind)Now for the cons: First off, it's on the pricey side. Second, it's not for large jobs - If you want to clean all the windows in your house, don't expect to do it all at once because the battery just won't last long enough. And third, if you have tabs on the front of the bathroom mirrors (or elsewhere) you will have to be extra careful to not ruin the rubber squeegee edge of the vacuum.
This window vac, in some ways is good; but I question its use on flat services. If you hold the vac parallel and you have fluid in the bottom container that it has vacuumed up it will leak out unless the fluid container is held lower than the main body of the vac.We have tilt in windows and there is no way we could use this product holding it straight up when we clean an upper window that is tilting in. We would have to have the vac upside down- using the squeegee pulling up - the fluid container would be higher than the squeegee and out comes the fluid. So for that it is useless.Then I went to clean a storm door that has a full length glass. The vac itself is taller than the bottom of the window and it was impossible to clean with the squeegee the bottom 6 inches or so - the rubber squeegee just didn't want to suck clean, because I had to hold it out almost parallel to the glass - so for most things we have to hand clean - with the old fashioned cloth rag at least partly on most things we are trying to clean.So in total this gadget cannot complete its cleaning mission.
While this seemed like a great idea when I selected it, it really isn't a good match for our house. Out house has a lot of old windows with small panes held in place by wood dividers and trim. We also have jalousie windows (lots of horizontal panes of glass that open with a window crank- sort of like horizontal window blinds). Anyway, this gadget doesn't work well on any of these window types. We use a bucket of soapy water, one of those soft car wash mitts on an extension pole and a squeegy to clean the outside of all these windows. This system works well on our windows and I thought this cordless window vac could replace the squeegy and make the chore less messy. Because the windo vac needs to be pulled downward to be effective, it isn't practical for horizontally oriented windows. One horizontal swipe with our regular squeegy or eight vertical swipes with this gadget on each little pane of glass? It just isn't practical and was abandoned pretty quickly for our windows.I could see where this might be handy for a house full of big areas of seamless glass, but it wasn't helpful for our situation.Thanks for reading, I hope this review was helpful!
After using the \"Karcher Cordless Window & Flat Surface Wet Vac\", I have to say that for me, it's like power windows on your car (for those of us old enough to remember when most car windows were operated by a crank) - it seems a bit silly when you first get them, but once you get used to it, you don't want to go back to doing it the old way.In my evaluation of this item, I got consistently excellent, streak-free results.  The instructions say to spray and wipe, but I found it works a little better if I spray, take a paper towel and wipe the window, and then use the wet vac to suck-up the moisture.  (I keep using the same paper towel as I go, as I'm not trying to dry with the paper towel, I'm cleaning stubborn smudges and the like.)  While this wet vac works well for house windows, mirrors, and tiles, my favorite use for this is to clean the interior windows in my car, where \"streak-free\" results is a bigger plus.As noted in the product's literature, this coordless wet vac will run for about 20 minutes on a full charge, and it takes 3 hours for a recharge, so you won't be able to do your entire house (or too many cars!) on one charge.  :-)  But this product does what it claims, and takes some of the drudgery out of cleaning windows.  Five stars.
The KARCHER WET VAC flat surface cleaner works wonderfully. It leaves no streaks or drips, as advertised. My only question is, who really NEEDS a machine that allows someone to clean a window without paper towels or rags? For some homes, however, a gizmo like this makes perfect sense. If you have large glass patio doors, large picture windows, or an A-frame vacation home with an entire wall of glass, the KARCHER WET VAC is going to save you a LOT of time cleaning. However, if you have a home with narrow window panes, (11 inches or less) or a shower curtain instead of shower doors, then its not worth keeping an appliance around like this. (unless its just for the fun, and novelty, which of course is totally valid.)HOW IT WORKSI needed to clean my shower doors. They get soapy, and after a couple of years, turn white from soap scum. Altho KARCHER's info warns against using scrubbing bubbles, or anything stronger than windex, the fact is if you have soap, or calcium build-up on your shower doors, you MUST use a cleaning product with some kind of acid in it. SO, just spray the cleaning product on, but before you vacuum it up with this Wet Vac, use the shower head, or a spray bottle with water, and dilute very harsh cleaning agents. Then, when you vacuum up the residue, make sure you clean up the rubber squeegee blade as well as possible.If your counter top, fridge, or windows are VERY dirty, you'll need to do MORE than just spray on cleaner, and vacuum it up with the KARCHER wet vac. In fact, you'll need to scrub to get greasy dirt, bird droppings, or smoke tar, etc off windows, before you squeegee. Maybe you're asking, \"If I have to scrub anyway, why use this at all?\" The answer is because you will save a LOT of paper towels. In fact, depending on how often you like or need to clean, you might save a tree or two, over the lifetime of the appliance. In that sense, this wet-vac can be considered green technology. (Especially if you produce your own electricity.)The KARCHER is designed to be about as difficult to use as a vacuum cleaner. 1-You turn it on, 2-you spray on your cleaner then squeegee the flat surface, 3-you turn it off the wetvac, 4-you empty & rinse the collection tub and clean the blades. Since many ion-lithium rechargable batteries lose their ability to hold a prolonged charge, if you use them til they run out completely, you'll want to plug in the battery when you store this. All in all, a time saving device, that will save you money on paper towels. But definately not needed by everybody.
Smaller, quieter and far more useful than you might think!We've probably had close to a dozen dust busters over the years so I was initially pretty jaded about this device.  It's basically a squeegee connected to a wet-dry dust buster.I was thinking it would be heavy and loud.  I was very pleasantly surprised to see how small and light it is.  It's also very quiet - I guess it really doesn't need much power to suck up the water from the squeegee.After letting it fully charge, I tried it out in our bathroom.  I used a Scotch Brite Blue sponge with some dish soap and simply sudsed up the mirror.  Trigger button turns on the suction, press again to turn off.  It cleaned the mirror very well.  It took just a little practice to avoid the smudge marks on the side of the squeegee.While it does a fantastic job on windows and mirrors - that's not something I do every day.  Counters, on the other hand....It really amazed me.  Same drill - suds up with the sponge, then squeegee and suction at the same time.  WOW!Next, I did the kitchen.  I can really see this saving a lot of time.  If you're going to suck up kitchen counter residue, you may want to clean the tank more thoroughly.  Fortunately the collection tank does remove (You have to detatch the large nozzle first and twist off the \"snorkel\") so you can properly it out.Plus: Lithium battery means it's light and you don't have to worry about charging it all the time.Minus - Initially I was thinking the squeegee could be wider, but then it would probably be awkward in the corners. My main complaint is that the drain plug is hard to open and I'm afraid it might eventually break.If you have any comments, questions, or if you found this review helpful, please let me know!
Because of my bad back I've had to get rid of another trimmer which was too heavy. This model is light-weight and powerful and does a great job. I can twist the handle and use it as an edger. One flaw - the only problem I've had is that the screw holding the bottom plastic foot protector came out and I had to use a bit of epoxy and a smaller screw to put it back on. My back appreciates this light-weight trimmer
Before I had a black and decker string trimmer. It worked fine but I thought it should have lasted longer than it did. So  I purposely bought a weed eater. That was a big mistake. This weed eater is no good at all. Worthless junk. The string will not feed, after many attemps to make it work, I had to give up. It is junk. I cannot recommend it.
Works fine.  Nothing great. I bought it as a stand by, in case my main unit died.  Good price and easy to use and assemble.
This works just fine - bump feed seems reliable and does not overfeed. It is quite powerful and an ideal size for a small patch of lawn.
First the line won't feed. Then the line won't stop feeding. Then the excess line wraps around the hub. Then the weeds wrapped around the hub. Then the electric motor overheated. And so ended the first (and last) half hour of using this cheap piece of garbage.
Before I got these Rose Gardening Gloves, I recently did a lot of tree and rose-bush trimming, without gloves, and kept scraping my arms and getting stuck by rosebush thorns. I researched the reviews and then ordered these. This week I tried them out with some heavy-duty yard work. They were exactly what I wanted. I'm sure I could still get pricked occasionally if I get careless, but common sense tells me not to depend on any rose gardening gloves completely. My hands and arms are free of cuts and scrapes! It was easy for me to work with them on. I have small hands and even though these were a little big for me, they worked fine. I was even able to dial in my numbers on the garage opener keypad, so they aren't too cumbersome. Okay, I did have to dial it in twice before I got it to work, but I didn't have to take my gloves off. I'm very happy with them. They weren't too hot for me, even in 100-degree weather. Of course I didn't stay out there for long periods of time when it was that hot either. I would buy these again if they wear out.
Got this for my mom as a gift but they run really small. I had to return and get a different style.  She liked how they were made and designed, just not sized well.
We have a lovely garden and we would like to keep it that way.  Unfortunately, it is filled with prickly bushes and with growing things of all sorts to which, it turns out, I am allergic.  So before I got these gloves, a turn in the garden was followed in short order by many creams and then a week of anxious glances at my arms--this following a single instance when I did not put the cream on.  So you can imagine how great a relief these gloves were!  They come up just past my elbow and they are nice and sturdy.  I've had them for months now and they are still going strong despite all the abuse they've endured.  And unlike the other gloves I had before, they are well-fitting and I can feel what it is I am doing.  They are well-made, have a suede-like feel and the stitching is quite good.As others have noted, your hands do get a little hot in them.  But to me that's a small price to pay for the many benefits.I highly recommend them.
Given the rave reviews I decided to give these a chance although with some hesitation due to the relatively low price and inability to try them on before buying. Well, like the old adage, you get what you pay for.First, these are huge. If you happen to be a smaller sized woman then be prepared to simply swim in these things. They tend to be rather sturdy so will not easily conform to the shape of your hand or wrist whatsoever. To give a perspective, my pinky finger literally only goes half way up...the rest just wrinkles and bends backwards. As for dimensions around, I could fit BOTH my wrists into one single glove. Far too large for the average woman.Additionally, as others have pointed out, these are not truly rose gloves and will not provide the type of intensive protection most have come to expect.Given the price, they are still a decent value esp if the size fits. I did decide to keep them and use just for general labor, digging and non-precise labor as they are well built and sturdy.
I have lots of climbing roses, and I was tired of looking like I'd tangled with a hungry pack of feral cats.  Not to mention those scratches HURT!  The Magid Rose gloves to the semi rescue.They're great, and protect my palms and halfway up my arms magnificently.  They're flexible and I can use my hands as much as I need to.  The only issue I have with them is the very thin layer on the backs of the hands.  It's possible to get stuck there.  Ask me how I know this.I'm really happy with them and would purchase again, especially at the price.  Yes, they do run small, but the medium fits my small hands perfectly.
The gloves offer great protection for getting elbows and wrists scratched and cut then getting into larger rose bushes. They were full fit and while we thought the medium might be to small for 8 in around hand they fit perfectly. Good value too as well as fast shipping from Amazon. Produc is as described.
I haven't used these yet, but soon will and will update this review when I do. They seem durable, but not thick as I expected them to be. Not sure they'll do the job with roses as I hope, but will soon see and let you know.Overall, we'll have to wait and see.
I have a side yard that has been completely overgrown with blackberry bushes.  And trying to chop chop chopthem down is hard enough, but battling with the thorns, makes it even harder.  Ordered these gloves and theywork very well, I am able to reach in and grab a cane and pull it out after I clip it with no problems now.  And they gofar enough up my arm I am not all scratched up.  They seem to be pretty heavy duty, but not really restrictivein my being able to move my hands and fingers.  They do seem like they run a tad small, I wear a medium sizedglove, so that is what I ordered and they do fit snug, not uncomfortable however but if you are maybe betweensizes, ordering up might be a good suggestion.
The Char Broil Grill 2 Go Ice grill is designed to be a portable grill to take along on camping trips, the beach, and tail-gating parties but can be used anywhere and anytime. The gimmicky part is the coolers, they are nice coolers and are great to have but I haven't left them on the bottom of the grill like intended. The nice canvas coolers wouldn't stay nice and clean under the grill for very long. All in all, I really like the grill. We have been using for a couple months now and can say that we love it.The grill comes needing to be assembled but assembly is easy enough. It took me awhile to put it together but I did put it together all my myself following the instructions. The grill is made to use with the portable 1 lb. propane tanks but we have an adapter and long hose and use our's with a regular 20 lb. tank. The hose and adapter can be bought anywhere that sells grill parts. The grill uses about the same amount of gas as a regular grill and the small tanks don't last very long.The grill uses infrared heat with no exposed flames. For us, that is my favorite part. We don't have flare-ups so the meat doesn't get charred and the grilling method provides a lot of smoke so the meat has a very smoked flavored, even has a smoke ring but not as smoked as a smoker which I think provides too much of a smoke flavor. The grill is easy to use and start. Since using this grill, I have taken over the grilling job and can say that using the grill is great.We have just set the grill up to use everyday at our house but the portability is really nice too. We are campers and look forward to taking our grill with us. Remove the side shelves and a couple clicks to adjust the height and the grill collapses down to a more portable size and easy to roll around on the wheels.Highly satisfied with Char Broil Grill 2 Go.
This is a great little unit! It does take some time to put together, and a novice DIY'er should have a helper. Some of the instructions do not make any sense, but the final product is really nice.  I highly recommend it for a To-Go Grill, or small patio grill, and windy environments.  The wheels are very stabile and come with seperate clips that made it easier to install than the ones in the package of parts - look for a yellow piece of paper with the modified clips attached and have the unit laying on the front when installing. Lube the wheels and hinges with silicone as you put them on. Ignore the right hand and left hand designations on the hinges, just put right where it shows right (left side as you look at it from the front); it is labeled. Some parts were hidden but you eventually discover them.  Very easy to move around.  I suggest ordering the Char-Broil conversion tube through Amazon to attach a regular tank, to save money in propane cans. And, hold off on a cover until you see it finished.
Grill 2 Go IceI was very skeptical about this grilling system from the get-go. I couldn't find any technical details on what is used to actually cook the meat. I later found out that 1 pound LP/propane tanks are needed to cook, and these are easy to find and inexpensive to purchase. However, I discovered that an entire tank is consumed in just under 2 hours of grilling at a MED to HIGH setting.The installation was rated as simple and could be done in 45 minutes. I found myself struggling with the cotter pins for one of the wheel axle studs. They didn't build the unit very consistently. I ended up using 1-1.5 hours to assemble it. The lid hinges were difficult to align properly, and the front spring latch is also difficult to use.Using the grill is easy enough - just hook up the LP tank, release some gas, and hit the piezo ignitor. The shiny stainless steel shielding and burner manifold will quickly turn purple and change colors.The premise of the Grill 2 Go is simple. The flames do not touch your meat/vegetables. Instead, intense heat or IR radiation cooks the food. Grease, and I mean a LOT of grease, will get trapped in the grease trap (the thing that looks like a shield from the Bronze age). More grease will splatter into the upper lid and out the vent slats on the upper lid. A lot of grease will also grip down and onto the cheaply sewn cooler bags sitting below the grill (if you kept them there). Then when you're in the middle of cooking a second batch of drum sticks and burgers, the LP tank empties out. The instructions state that no cleaning is necessary. The intense heat will turn the grease and oil into ash... yeah, right, after using yet another 1 lb LP tank to create that heat!The portability of the Grill 2 Go is also suspect. It weighs quite a bit and it won't fit into many small cars. A SUV, pickup, or van is needed. The 2 trays that slide into the side of the grill are useful but seem like an after thought. The oil splatter and grease can get all over the inside of your vehicle if you don't clean it first.The cooler bags are a nice touch, but I find that they're not sewn very well but they come in handy for packing your lunch when you're not using the grille.I'd recommend bringing at least 2 LP tanks, possibly more depending on how much you're grilling. I've been a charcoal user all my life but I'm not biased. I actually liked the taste of the burgers when cooked with the Grill 2 Go. I just didn't find the entire system was very portable as advertised.The rear handle doesn't lock, so you must pull the unit rather than push it. The \"adjustable\" legs are a joke as well.Pros: Easy to use, accepts inexpensive 1 pound LP tanks, easy to clean - just bring some detergent, a water hose, etc...Cons: Not very portable, must be cleaned before you store it in your car/vehicle. Overall quality is mediocre to acceptable.Overall: 4/5 stars
The big deal about this grill is its portability. But look at the shipping weight in the product details section: 71 pounds. Subtract some for the box and foam packing material, and it's still pretty close to 70 pounds. Now, realize that it has two 30-quart coolers stowed on the bottom, and add in the weight of the ice, drinks, and meat you'll put in those coolers. Bottom line: this thing is HEAVY and will likely take 2 people to handle and maneuver.Quality control on mine was a bit lacking: one of the coolers had its lid zipper sown improperly, leaving a 3-inch opening in the front when the zipper is closed. Also, the latch that is supposed to hold down the grill's lid in transit is completely ineffectual.The plastic side shelves do not fold down, as you might expect, but are separate pieces, designed to be pushed into place when you want to use the grill and pulled out and (I presume) nested together and placed inside the grill itself for transport. Very kludgy. (The instruction manual does not say a word about how to handle the shelves while transporting the grill.)There are two \"leveling feet\" on the front legs of the grill; the back legs rest on wheels. Leveling feet are a great idea for a portable grill; however, these each provide only one-quarter of an inch of adjustment! 1/4\"! Whoever designed this thing must be used to some mighty smooth picnic grounds.The transport handle does NOT lock in the up position, meaning you are limited to dragging the grill behind you; if you try to push it, the handle collapses. This grill is wider than most doorways, including the one from my sun room to the back yard, so two people are required to move it sideways through the door. The gas regulator is easy to remove and install, but there is no place to stow it for transport. If you are supposed to also stow it inside the grill, I would expect it would damage the finish of the lid and/or grate.I should also mention that all that happens to make this grill ready for transport is that you push down the sides so that the bottom of the grill rests on top of the coolers. It's not all that compact, so you must have an SUV or pickup truck to transport this grill to any remote location.We still have snow on the ground so I haven't actually cooked anything on the grill yet. This review just covers build quality, which isn't up to what I would expect at this price. When I think what I could get for just a little more money:Char Broil M2 Four-Burner 48,000 BTU Gas Grill, with Sideburner--sure, that one doesn't have the promise of portability, but how often will I really want to lug this one around? And after reading another review comments about how messy this one gets, I don't know if I really want to lug this one around.Some statistics without comment: Of the 6 5-star reviews on this page, 4 were written by people who have never reviewed anything else, and the other 2 people seem to specialize in reviewing Char-Broil products. None of those reviews have a statement from Amazon that the person owns the product; the reviews that do have such a statement give it 4 stars or less.
I have to say I was excited the day that the Char-Broil Grill2Go ICE Portable Gas Grill arrived.  As someone that travels, goes to games, and various outings, I thought this would be a great option.  While the grill and cooler combo is a good concept, there are some obvious setbacks.  One, as an entire unit, when filled with items in the cooler, it can get fairly heavy.  It has plenty of handles, wheels, and fairly decent support, but it can be a bit to lug around.As for cooking, this grill should get high marks.  The infared technology is an excellent option and it cleans up farely well, as decribed.  The cooking area is also a decent size, given the fact that it is somewhat easy to travel with.  Keep in mind that it is primarly a burger/hotdog/chicken kind of grill.  The height from the grill surface to the top of the limit might limit you as there's just not much height to work with.Now, at this point I would have rated the grill a bit higher, however, I feel that the quality is somewhat lacking.  There are so many plastic pieces and weak joints that I just do not feel that the unit could hold up to several years of moving around, lifting in and out of the car, etc.  I really wish a bit more quality was put into the grill.  Overall, I do like the concept of the product and for the right person this could be the answer to everything they were looking for.
This review is from the perspective of a single girl; I assembled alone.  I was so excited to receive this product because I am a vegetarian and vegetarians do not like our food cooked where meat items have been cooked.  My own little grill!Assembly:  It took about 1.5 hours to assemble, but I'll admit I was watching TV and talking on the phone.  I am not at all mechanically inclined but it wasn't difficult at all.  Just two tools are needed, a Phillips screwdriver and a wrench.  However when I was finished it seemed like the lid hinges would not allow for complete closure of the lid and when I tried the latch on the front, the little wire that latches the top to the bottom snapped off; I thought it was broken.  I just stuck the wire back into the holes but I can see where this is going to be a persistent problem.Portability: This thing is really heavy and not all that portable.  Yes, the two sides don't fold down but big deal, just pull them out.  But the grill itself is so big and clumsy that I would need someone to help me maneuver it down the stairs of my apartment.  In any event it wouldn't fit in my car, I have a two-door and I would have to remove a front seat to fit it into the back seat.  It won't fit in the trunk either, but I have a compact and I imagine it would fit in a bigger car.  But that's okay, because I can use it on my porch.  I wasn't planning on taking it on any trips, but since they say it's portable, I wanted to comment.  I guess picnics with this thing are out of the question, aww.Useage:  I have not been able to use this because I cannot find a 1lb tank of propane! But even when I do, I'm going to have to ask someone to hook it up for me.  Although the instructions are clear, the amount of \"danger\" and \"caution\" warnings scare me, especially the part about the gas being able to ignite with just plain old air.  I will, however, come back and edit this portion of the review when I can locate a tank and have someone hook it up and show me how to use it.  I can't wait to try my Boca burgers on it, but until then, I hope you have found the rest of this review helpful in your purchase!
Assembly was fairly painless and everything fit together just like it was expected to. If I hadn't dropped a bolt and lost it I would have gotten the whole thing assembled in 45 min or so. Once I was done I felt a sudden urge to tailgate or go to the park or beach for a picnic but luckily I resisted and actually tried to move the grill first. It was too wide to roll through my patio doors so I had to rotate it and lift it on my own. That's when it struck me... yeah it's more portable than my Weber gas grill but it's not going to fit in my car and it's going to be a nightmare to move around. Maybe if I had a Suburban or a pickup  but I don't. For portability nothing beats a small kettle and briquettes.The grilling experience wasn't bad. It heated up very quickly and within 20 min or so I the outside of the cover was registering 300 + degrees and the grate was around 600-700 degrees depending on where exactly I took the reading with my IR thermometer. I decided to thick pork chops that we'd brined for the last 24 hours. I got a great sear on them and then turned the heat down to let them cook through.What really shocked me was the amount of steam and smoke that hit me when I opened the cover to flip or rotate the pork. The flavours were good but the smoke was a little too predominant. Sounds like it's actually part of the grill design that drippings will vaporize. I still got some flareups.Overall I would have rated this grill much more highly if the whole portability angle was dropped.
I think the most obvious comparison for this type of grills should be the Grill2Go versus the Weber Q320 series, and would the nearly $200 price difference bring as much to the table as you would assume?Portability:First off, it needs to be mentioned that both the Grill2Go and the Weber Q320 are freaking huge and heavy.  Both units weigh in at about 70-90lbs without fuel and you need to be able to fit nearly a cubic yard within the vehicle you're using to transport these grills.  Most covered cars (and some SUVs) will not be able to fit this load.  Make sure to see the product descriptions and verify that your vehicle can actually transport these things (because if you're only looking for a stationary model, they come much cheaper).Cost:At $200 and $400, neither the Grill2Go nor the Q320 can really be called \"affordable\" in my eyes.  Their real competitor in these areas are the old school Weber One-Touch series (the generic \"round kettles\").  At around $90, you get a perfectly self-contained unit which can probably throw up more BTUs than both the Grill2Go or Q320, just depending on the charcoal.That being said, it was pretty hard to find any specs for the Grill2Go.  The only BTU rating I could find claimed that it would output up to 16000 BTU, the Q320 is rated at 21700.  308sq inches of grilling space on the G2G versus 393 on the Q320.Functionality:The coolers are gimmicky at best in my eyes. As another reviewer posted, if you leave these bags under the grill while in use, you'll get a nice drenching of grease all over them.  The quality of the bags themselves are pretty \"off-brandish\" - loose and often torn seams, but functionable.  Still, you'd be better off leaving the bags at home and purchasing a Coleman cooler instead (or putting the meats in one of the bags and putting that bag into the cooler with the drinks and ice).Fuel consumption is pretty horrendous on the G2G.  The default connection allows you to hookup the more portable 1lb containers of LP, but you'll burn through a single canister pretty quickly.  Luckily, as with the older G2G model made by Coleman, you can purchase an adapter which will allow you to connect a standard 5lb canister, which generally ends up much cheaper than buying the 1lb canisters.Cook rate is about what you would expect - there were no surprises here.  The teflon coated top made sure that the food slid off with ease and there were no hot or cold spots on my grill.  Unfortunately there was no warning rack, which would have been a nice addition.Conclusion:All-in-all, the Grill2Go did a good enough job doing what it was initially built to be - a grill.  The \"portable\" side of the fence still has a lot of catching up to do in my eyes.  As for the G2G versus the Q320, I think if the cost difference isn't enough to drive you away, the Q320 has much more to offer than the G2G.  Does it offer nearly twice functionality?  That's a tough call and probably will vary from person to person.  Honestly, I would be more likely to break out the Weber One Touch charcoal grill over either of these.Products mentioned:Char Broil 08401504 Grill2Go ICE Portable Gas GrillWeber 741001 22.5-Inch One-Touch Silver Kettle Grill, BlackWeber 586002 Q 320 Portable Outdoor Gas Grill
Gilmore sprinkler gives you a lot of control of how far the water shoots and the shape of the circle.  I have been using it now for two weeks, and I am very pleased with its performance. This is my first sprinkler of this type so I got a bit soaked figuring out how to set it up exactly as I wanted, so I am adding detailed instructions and photos of the controls.My goal was to set up a 220 degree semi-circle, leaving a small wedge where I can exit the basement and approach the sprinkler without getting soaked.  The distance of how the sprinkler head rotates to the left or the right is controlled by two red levers around the head. The lever on the RIGHT hand side control how far the head rotates to the LEFT, and the lever on the LEFT hand side controls how far the head rotates to the RIGHT. (see photo)The distance of how far the spray shoots is controlled by a red ring which pushes on the back of the head.  The higher the ring is lifted the shorter is the spray, when the ring is at its lowest the water shoots the furthers away.  How high the ring is lifted is controlled by the pegs that you can reach beneath the sprinkler (see photo of the sprinkler upside down). When you push on the pegs from below they raise the ring.  When you push on the ring from above, you lower the ring.  You can control each individual peg, so you have a lot of control and can create a pretty intricate shape for your watering needs.If you need to the sprinkler to make 360 circle, you need to pull the medal clip towards you.The sprinkler comes assembled with female hose-end connector with shut-off valve and male hose-end adapter. For some reason the sprinkler's shut-off valve does not want to stay facing up, so I found it easier to turn the sprinkler on and off using the shut-off valve on the spigot.I have been watering the newly planted lawn twice a day. The sprinkler is working very well. I am pleased with precision of the watering I was able to achieve avoiding various areas that should not get wet yet getting water to everything I wanted to water.Updated 10/13/11After 4.5 months of twice a day daily use the sprinkler was still going strong when I packed it up for the winter.  I am still very pleased with it.
I bought this for the dry summers to keep my yard alive and it works perfectly.  I have a deck that sticks out into the yard and instead of using less water and moving multiple timesI was able to direct the water away from it while still getting most of the yard that needed watering.  It does feel cheap since it is all plastic but I have not had any issues after 1 summer with it.
Does a great job, as others have mentioned it's plastic so the bigger question is how long will it hold up.
I have bought similar design sprinklers and this was the best one of the bunch.  It is easy to set up and you can configure how far the sprinkler travels both in a rotary fashion as well as how far it will shoot.  it will shoot water a pretty good distance as well.
These are so easy to adjust and provide better coverage without a waste of water that they would be my nominee for the AAA reward as best sprinkler ever.  I have odd shaped flower beds that have some fairly delicate blossoms, and I found it simple to provide a complete coverage without blasting the blooms and plants.Adjusted my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars after using this for a year.
I have a small lawn, about 260sq ft, which meant that I had to keep the water pressure low to avoid overspray. The mechanism needs more pressure than I could give it to function correctly. This may work perfectly well on a larger lawn, but if you have a smaller lawn like mine, you may find that this will not work well for you. I finally went with a standard oscillating sprinkler.
If you only need a narrow section watered, you'll end up spraying your fence, walkway, or building, but if you need to water wide sections in an irregular pattern, this sprinkler is great.Pros: The pattern can be adjusted easily to spray the grass and not your tree leaves (which makes them drop).Fairly even watering throughout, though the closer the spray to the center, the more water it gets.Inexpensive.Can do a small pie-slice of a rotation up to a full 360 degree rotation so it can water from a corner, a wall, or the middle of your yard.Cons:It leaks quite a bit directly underneath, so you'll have that area extra-extra watered.  If you need the furthest spray in a part of your circle, it will end up a little drier than short-spray areas.
I have three of these in my yard. If you have decent water pressure they provide great coverage for your yard
I bought this sprinkler based on the great reviews it got here on Amazon.  I wanted to use it in my small garden out back.  I just could never get it to pattern well enough to cover my garden adequately, even after setting it up on a upturned 5-gallon bucket.  It was too much sprinkler for my garden. It either over-shot or just the opposite.  I tried adjusting at the faucet end and at the sprinkler end but still it wouldn't work the way I needed it too.  The instructions that are printed on the box are awful so I ended up just experimenting with it.  The red part on the inside seemed to make no difference in pattern shape or height.  Maybe this one was defective, I don't know but I ended up sending it back to Amazon.  Since then I've been using an el cheapo rotary sprinkler I found buried underneath our patio and has to be at least 10 years old.  It works fine and does what I originally wanted this one to do.
I was a bit hestitant at first but really impressed with the build quality and engineering that went into this.  Works very well and impressed with how durable it is.  You can customize the coverage area and it does an nice job of staying within your selection!
I waited 2 months to write this review because of the mixed reviews on this product. This sprinkler in my opinion worked awesome especially for the price, the coverage this gets is magnificent and I love the fact that you have control over where the water is going to spray.I gone through a couple different ones from Amazon including the Nelson Traveling sprinkler and I kept finding myself using these sprinklers again.I can not say my experience was perfect with this item, but what is perfect? During the first month there was one time the sprinkler would just sit there and not rotate but after a little fiddling around with it it began working correctly. I was so impressed with this sprinkler I bought a second one for the backyard.Pros:Besides the price, it has lasted the entire summer (up until now). I used these twice a day for 20-30 minutes and they have not failed on me.The adjustable tabs on the sprinkler are valuable because your coverage is controlled.Cons:At times I find the water pressure not being consistent, Im not sure if its something to do with the water pressure in my area or what but sometimes the sprinkler would spray full at a distance and at other times its weak (and no the water in my house was not being used).I have a large front and back yard so I have to move this around a couple times to get complete coverage in my yard, this doesn't seem to bother me thoughOverall I would give this product an &#34;A&#34;, the traditional up and down sprinkler would possibly be a better fit for my yard. If I were you I would compare the two and figure out which would work best for your personal use. If your yard is wide and long like mine the traditional one might be better for you.
I wanted to like this sprinkler more than I ultimately did.  Given that I think that has more to do with my preferences and situation rather than quality or effectiveness of the product, I rate this at four stars.First, my situation:  A corner lot house in the California 'burbs.  Lot's of grass (well, grass and weeds in roughly equal parts) in uneven shapes due to walkways, flower beds, etc.What the sprinkler did well:*  Adjustability:  I've got to say, the sprinkler does exactly what it is described to:  Adjusts to sprinkle any shaped area.  I was impressed - and still am - at the ingenuity of the designer(s).  It took a few minutes to figure out, but when I got it, the results were impressive.  If you have a weird area to sprinkle and don't want to move a simple broadcast sprinkler a dozen times to cover it, this may be your sprinkler.What I didn't care for:*  Since this is an impulse sprinkler, the movement comes from an arm getting in the way of the water stream, basically knocking the stream over a notch until the arm swings back and knocks it over again.  This style covers reasonably well, but not perfectly.  (as most sprinklers also don't)  My issue is with the effect of the adjustment:  For long runs, the stream shoots way out, leaving much of the grass in the interim relatively dry; for short runs, where the adjustment comes in to play, a hood comes down and deflects the stream of water, forcing it downwards.  The upshot:  The areas of coverage where the water has the shortest travel get soaked, while the area of longest travel gets relatively little water.  Result?  Seriously uneven watering.  This, despite the fact that the sprinkler seemed to go faster through those short spans.Other thoughts:*  While it worked great for adjustability, the ring that is used to make the adjustments does not seem like it would last over time.  I didn't get the feeling that this is really meant to be adjusted every time one needed to move it to another part of the yard.  Rather, it is best having it dedicated to the one spot that it is adjusted for and then replaced at that same spot every time, in the same orientation, so you don't need to make the adjustments over and over again.  Which is fine, but just not for this particular user.  I can see that it would be really great for certain applications; it just wasn't the right product for my particular weed farm.If you can plant this sprinkler in the same spot, in the same way every time you water, and if the distances between the maximum reach and the minimum reach aren't too great, this may be the sprinkler for you.  I'll try using this in another part of my yard to see if it works any better there and I'll write an update if I have a different experience going forward.  I will say t
Whoever came up with this product deserves a lot of credit.  I was using a standard ocillating back-and-forth sprinkler.  It did an ok, job, but with all of the contours of my front lawn, it really never was efficient at getting water to where it needed, and keeping it away from the areas that it didn't. Because we live on a corner lot, getting water to the follow the curb was impossible without overspraying on the road.With this product, not only does this cover a huge area, but it allows you to precisely configure where you want the water to go.  The red ring allows you to raise or flatten the surface which a guide follows.  There are I would estimate 15 areas along the red ring that allow for adjustment.  The higher you raise it, the lower and therefore shorter the water shoots.  Sounds kind of strange, but the guide follows along the back side of where the water comes out. Think of a see-saw.  When one side is on the ground, the other is aimed higher.  And as it pivots, the angle of the opposide side changes. The higher the aim, the furtuer it shoots.  The more shallow the aim, the shorter it shoots.  Very simple, yet effectively implemented in this device.Few things I would suggest. Because it does take about 5 minutes (depending on the shape of your lawn) to get it properly aimed to the areas you want to cover, I would suggest either purchasing multiple units so once they are setup, you don't need to spend additional time adjusting it each time you move it, or using a permanent marker and writing around the ring of the height that is used.Also, I would mark a spot in the grass with a small object so you know where to place it again without having to recalibrate it.  I can't speak to how long it will last, but it does seem to be a solid device, and without dropping it or damaging it, it should last for quite some time.I love simple and innovative ideas, and this product is one of them.
I've been using Spectracide and Ortho for a while, and both are pretty effective. The Spectacide seems to require fewer applications than the Ortho, but it's a pretty close call. Both require that you dilute the product properly based on the type of grass you have. Too strong a dose and you'll end up killing not only the weeds, but the grass too. Too weak and the weeds just shrug it off.I use this for spot treatments and apply it with a pump sprayer. Simple and quick process in the spring and fall to keep the weeds at bay.I usually decide on which to get based on price. Ortho has gone up recently, so I've been using Spectacide. I normally get it at the orange vest big box store, but happened to notice that the version they carried only covers up to 5,000 square feet. This one from Amazon covers up to 16,000 square feet (variation on coverage depends on whether you use it at a 1 tablespoon per gallon or a 2 tablespoon per gallon dilution). Both are 32 ounces, but the one from Amazon is more concentrated.While the price is about the same, the more than double the coverage makes this version from Amazon a much better value. Highly recommend.
I have been using this stuff for years, and have always had marvelous results.  However, first I tried the Bonide for lawns since it was so very highly recommended by the garden store.  But, nothing happened (spent $20 on it too).  They just wilted a bit, then came back with a vengeance.  Then, I bought this Spectricide since I'd always had such a wonderful result with it.  Well, nothing!  It's always, always done the job but even on the regular dandelion plants, this stuff made them look like I actually watered them!  They had even multiplied to the point where it was starting to choke the grass around it.  I had the added problem of a newly seeded lawn so I had to be careful with what I used.So, I just gave in and called Scott's professional lawn service to take care of the weeds.  In the technician's words, our yard looked &#34;rough&#34; from all the weeds.  He was here over an hour trying to get them all taken care of - 3 weeks after I had sprayed this Spectricide.  Guess what?  After less than 24 hours, all of the weeds are now wilting and fading into the sunset.  So, that said, I am wondering if they're watering this stuff down to get the price they need for it or what.  After all these years to not have it work when it had for so long, it just leaves me wondering.  Guess I'll be paying for a lawn service from now on!
Nothing I've used has worked as well for me. I'm no expert. A portion of my lawn had been taken over with clover and creeping charlie.  I applied Spectracide Weed Stop. It took a couple of weeks but the weeds are gone, completely. And I was pleasantly surprised to find that I still had grass. The grass was just covered with the clover and creeping charlie. I know of nothing else that kills creeping charlie without doing a complete kill.You do need to be careful and make sure you are not using it on a form of grass that it will harm. there are some lawn grasses that can't take the punishment this product doles out to weeds. As always read and follow the label. I like the concentrate and use my own sprayer, not those bottles that hook up to a hose. I've never had any luck with those products. I'm sure others have, however. Like I said, I'm no lawn expert. But am I happy to see my creeping charlie dead.
A close friend owns a large SC landscaping co. here. VERY successful co., a BS in Horticulture... The guy is as honest as they come. He said this is far better than Weed-B-Gon and contains 2X the chemical strength of 2-4-D, apparently the key ingredient for killing weeds. I double checked the bottles and he was on target. I have had decent luck in the past with Weed-B-Gon but better with this one.... just an fyi, I do recommend it and have found it to usually be less expensive than the Weed-B-Gon as well.  I'm no expert but it has worked well for me.
This weed stop for lawns has worked miracles for me just not right away. It has done a fantastic job of ridding my lawns of the various weeds I had and also got rid of some that were encroaching on my yard from next door. It says you will start to see results in hours, this was not the case for me, however I did start to see results within days and weeks with multiple applications and have not since had any of the weeds return. I accidently got some overspray on some poplar trees we have and it did turn the sides of them yellow/brown so be careful where you spray it!
To me, the easiest weeds to terminate is dandelion or any other broad leaf weeds including crab grasses, any chemical will work just fine.  I found the toughest weed to eradicate is the morning glory, can never completely eradicate them.  They germinate fast, and once it establishes its territory, it grows in curled and winding manner, chocking up other good grass while stealing valuable nutrient from the soil desperately needed by the lawn grasses.  It's a rare of type of weed, well known to completely destroy a lawn, unless one deals with them quickly.All herbicide I've tried does a decent job of preventing morning glory to spread, but never destroy them as roots seems to be designed to withstand the most harsh chemical treatment.  Surprisingly, this consumer friendly priced herbicide (priced significantly less in Menards or Lowes, especially this time of the year) is the only one I found it be effective, haven't yet noticed a sign of morning glory weed seedling coming back on this fall since I applied on last spring.  The drought in the mid-east has eased last season, probably attributed to slowing down of weed germination as grass is healthier to fight off weeds intrusion, I can never tell for sure.
I used it once and it has killed everything I sprayed within three days, I would highly recommend this product. And it being concentrated it should last me a long time.
Works great! Thanks!
I have used a variety of weed killers for things like clover and creeping charlie in my yard. It does start the killing process but I feel that it does lack a full kill of the weed. Two weeks after application a majority of the weeds are still a light green and growing, although stunted. I would probably try another product after this runs out versus purchasing again.
Kills the weeds at a low price and you don't have to buy a giant bottle.  If the weeds don't die the first time retreat and use a higher concentration
Four hours later my dandelions were in serious distress...next day withered yellowed and on the ground.  That's what I wanted and this is the third killer I've tried.  I am very pleased.  It's way cheaper than the suckers that failed and it's concentrate so I can use it most of the summer for the inevitable floating invaders that will follow.  I recommend for use here in Colorado without hesitation.
I didnt realize how concentrated this was.  I would have only bought one bottle if I had known.  It can be diluted in water.I got it for the buttercup invasion.  It did not work that well until the second application when I mad the solution twice as strong.  Then it worked.
I have long favored Spectracide products over the other popular brands available because I always found them to be more reliable.  This product let me down, big.  I mixed it according to the directions and used it in a back yard overrun with wild violets, oxalis, and (shudder) shotweed ... twice.  The first time, the weeds appeared to notice but, with the exception of the oxalis, everything else bounced back after about 10 days.  That's when I made the second application, using a better sprayer than I had used the first time.  I also increased the amount I used slightly. Three days later, it appears the weeds have learned to like it.  Does this stuff have an expiration date?
This seed was great, and I bought two bags of it before I decided to just glance through the bird aisle at the pet store.Turns out you can get a GIANT bag of birdseed for less than this bag cost, so I don't buy it anymore.The only drawback to this product, though it's 'premium'- it's seeds with shells, so the feeder gets emptied really fast, and the food:shell ratio is about 1:3, which leaves a big mess of shells on the ground below.
There are quite a few twigs in this mix, but the birds like it....it also has a nice little re-sealable ziplock on the front. I mix this with 1-2 other seed blends in my feeder (see other reviews).
I have been using this feed in one of our feeders for about a year.  While the feed is remarkably popular with our cardinals, as well as a variety of other bird species, the price for a 4 lbs. bag is just preposterous presently.  During the fall & winter months, this exact same bag was available (on Amazon) for about $9.00.  That's a $17.00 difference from today's price.  The increase makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.  The only possible explanation would be some form of price overcharging during the `prevalent' bird-watching months. .  So, as long as the price is maintained at this level, I will substitute this cardinal mix with a mix found at a local feed store.  To reiterate an earlier point, however, this feed mix is well-liked with our cardinal population (and a variety of other species.)
This is the most popular seed in my garden feeder. The birds love it. Very little waste. The available sizes are not large so it cost much more to use but also has the benefit to deter squirrel visits.
while trying to fill an order to a certain amount, to obtain free shipping from amazon [thank you] i saw this bird seed blend- cardinal preffered- and i was getting low on feed anyway. arrived early from amazon, as usual. the birds seem to like it pretty well. we seem to have a better variety of flying friends! try it!!!
The local finches and cardinals love it - much moreso than the seed I bought in the supermarket.  I find I'm filling my large feeder once a week.
After just a few days of replacing our old bird feeder and food, we have many birds coming back to feed again!  I put this inBrome 1024 Squirrel Buster Plus Wild Bird Feeder with Cardinal Perch Ringand the combination has been perfect.  Our old bird feeder would collect the seeds at the bottom on a tray, which would get wet from rain and mold quickly.  Because the seeds are housed inside the feeder, there was no mold to worry about.I would say this product does attract cardinals...we have multiple that seem to enjoy coming to it all day long.Edit: In addition to the cardinals, there have been some finches and other smaller birds that have showed up also..plus a few I haven't been able to identify.  I live in Northeast Ohio and it is pretty rare for me to find a bird I can't place a label on.  But, as long as the birds are happy, so am I!Top notch food...definately still a 5 start product.
It's more common than not that I have at least one bird in the hanging feeder that contains this blend.
The hummingbirds weren't crazy for this formula but they did eat it. It is exactly as decribed and well packaged
Hummingbirds like it. It doesn't need to be red though to attract the birds, just the feeder. It is all natural no artificial coloring. One packet makes 15 oz. I split 1 packet and pour into 2 small feeders.
Oh how wonderful it is to find a product that is not full of synthetic chemicals or dyes to make it look attractive to birds while also endangering their health. This product is far superior to other types of hummingbird  food, in my experience. It comes in pre-measured packets and just mixes with water and that's it! This is more than just sugar water. The package claims it is packed with vitamins and minerals for the birds. In Southern Oregon we are fortunate enough to keep these amazing little birds around year round (for the most part). I like knowing they are getting some much needed nutrition during the colder months.+ Pre-measures and mixes easily+ All natural without preservatives and dyes+ Includes vitamins and minerals in addition to sucrose+ Easy to clean and rinse out hummingbird feeder for cleaning. Not super sticky and cleans easily. Definately a plus!+ The product color degrades as the quality of the ingredients degrade. This is great because it's easy to spot when it's time to clean out the feeder and give the hummies some fresh juice._Bottom Line_ Yes I would recommend this to a friend. It is easy to prepare, doesn't turn my feeder in glue, has natural ingredients, and the birds love it! I will continue to use this from now on. Easy 5 stars on this one.
I am now on my third packet. Very convenient. Cut a small corner on the packet and pour into your feeder (Mine is a Perky-Pet 209 30 ounce glass feeder). Add water, shake until dissolved and then hang. Popular with the hummingbirds (Rufus here) and no problems with other birds of bees. I did find it surprising how aggressive the hummers are with each other around the feeder.
The hummers seem to enjoy this food because they spend a lot of time feeding. One thing I noticed is that hummers are nasty little critters. A hummer will pull up to the feeder and start to feed and another one will come along and chase it away and take over the feeder. When it is finished and takes off the previous one returns and resumes feeding although it is very nervous and skittish and constantly looking around to see if the bully is returning.
These packets make it handy to always have fresh hummingbird food on-hand without all the space it takes to store the liquid pre-mixed food.  I keep a few boxes of this in my pantry and my Arizona hummingbirds are very happy!  This food is easy to mix and safe for my birds ... I recommend it to anyone.
Hummingbirds are fast to discover the feeders when this food is used. I make a dose to store in the refrigerator and load my feeders from the the stored mix.
This Mills Brothers mix is the very best powdered nectar I have ever used.  Lots of local blends both powered and liquid are available, as they are in most locales.  This one just happens to be very difficult to find except online.  There is no question that you pay a premium price for the Mills blend.  For some that live in a very hot climate it may not be worth its price despite its being so good.  For poor quality mix or superb, all hummer nectar deteriorates at the same rate in hot a sun or high temps.  But if you live in a place where the temps are moderate, or you just happen to feel its worth it for you love hummers, than this Mills Brothers mix is by far my best recommendation.  Trust me when I tell you I have tried a lot of them over the years.  This mix by far has led the pack.  I not only suggest you buy it here on Amazon, but you order enough of it to take advantage of the free shipping.  In my opinion it's well worth it, and you will most likely end up using it it all up in one season anyway...
I gave my 82 year-old mother a hummingbird feeder and this 3 pack of food for Christmas.  What do you give someone who has everything she needs?  She mixed the food, poured it into the feeder and I hung it in the crepe mrytle tree in the front yard.  Within 2 hours she had hummingbirds feeding from it!!!!!!  Good Stuff!!!
I like this product, especially for early season use since the redness of the nectar is likely to be a draw for the early arrivers.  The downside, I feel, is that the redness also warms up the solution faster, limiting its useful life in the feeder.
We bought our first SoilSaver composter from Sam's Club 4-5 years ago.  It seemed like a good option for doing something with our excess vegetable/fruit scraps, lawn stuff, newspapers, etc.  And the added bonus...wonderful compost to use for gardening.Okay, what I like about it...It's relatively inexpensive compared to other models.  The unit is also fairly easy to assemble; but you do need to take a bit of time in getting it settled on a flat, level area.  For some people, this may be a quick effort.  Here in the mountains, we have very little level land, so it took a bit of digging and scraping to level off an area.  It'll tolerate some tilt -- but too much and the sides contort a bit and the lid doesn't fit and lock.We set it up about 70-80 feet from the house because I was worried about odors initially.  For us, the odor thing is a complete non-issue, though.  I don't put any processed food scraps, meats, dairy, or dog poo in it -- just vegetable/fruit scraps, lawn clippings, raked leaves, newspaper, etc.  And as long as I make sure that I maintain a reasonable balance of carbon to nitrogen, there's no bad odor.  Really.  I can stick my nose down near the bin and it only has a warm, earthy smell...because, well, it's on its way to becoming earth.If you're unfamiliar with these terms, the carbon refers to your dry stuff (dry autumn leaves, newspaper, paper towels) and the nitrogen is your stuff that's fresh and moist (veggie/fruit, green grass clippings, etc).  The ideal ratio is about 25-30 parts carbon (dry) to 1 part nitrogen (wet/fresh).  While this SoilSaver claims that you don't need to stir your \"ingredients,\" that's not been our experience.  Yes, there are air vents scattered throughout the sides of the unit to allow oxygen to reach the compost, but an occasional mixing speeds the composting process along much faster.  I keep a small pitchfork next to the bin (I've found it to be easier than using a shovel) and stab it down through the contents, pulling and stirring to rearrange and mix everything.I also like its heavy ruggedness and unobtrusive looks.  It's black coloring is ideal because it absorbs more heat from the sun which speeds up your composting.  Summer composting obviously goes faster than other seasons; but as you build more and more contents in the bin, it will create its own heat during the composting process.  If you want to speed up the process, you can add acomposting accelerator.What I don't like...There are small push-up doors on opposite sides of the bin's bottom.  The SoilSaver is marketed as such that you're supposed to be able to continue adding new stuff in through the top, and as it composts, you can slide up these bottom doors and scoop out finished compost to use.  Didn't work that way for us for several reasons.  1) You really DO need to mix the contents and so you're never really going to be able to have finished compost only on the bottom since it's all getting re-stirred, and 2) once you slide those doors up, they aren't going to slide back down again because stuff comes rolling out.It turned out that this wasn't a big issue for our needs.  We ended up buying a second SoilSaver.  They sit side-by-side; and as I get one mostly filled up, I continue with the occasional mixing but stop adding more contents.  That way, it can sit there and \"do its thing\" while I begin the process of filling the second bin.  During the warmer seasons, I can have ready compost in a matter of weeks.  When I'm ready to use it, I lift the entire bin off to make it easier to scoop up the compost into a garden cart (the contents will have greatly shrunk).  Then, I put the bin back on its leveled spot and I can once again start filling it for the next batch.
I had one of these years ago but had so much trouble with rats digging up inside I gave up and gave it away. Now that we have moved I wanted to compost again and after looking at many, many  bins I came back to this one. It is even better that the previous model in that it has locks.  I set it up on a level chicken wire base and loaded it up. It is inexpensive, very easy to put together and looks nice. Being made of recycled plastic you can't go wrong.  I will be buying three more to fit the space I have left in the side yard.
This composter was easy to assemble, simple to use and seems reasonably sturdy.  The price was very competitive.  The lid locks closed.  It has two side doors to take the composed soil out.  It is decent size, but does fill up fast if you cover the compost with dirt.
Going into backyard gardening in a big way and this compost bin seemed like a great buy. Bought the newest edition of a book called &#34;Let it Rot&#34; as a guide.
Unit works as advertized and now even better using a different starter this year.The ringer started is the best so far and I already have room for tons moreof material in the units and the compost pits.Using the contained units creats an easy way to gather the compostI recommend. This is one of the only items I found recently that is cheaper toget at a big box store.  The shipping costs are staggering increasing the priceof the unit to 24% more than a pick up.
We ordered this Umbrella to go on our new deck. It came without the very top piece that screws in. I would send it back but that seems cost prohibitive. I have requested the top once with no results. If you want a better review send me the top piece!
good looking , and works perfectly we will buy another. we matched it with a tropishade 30lb bronze powdered coated cast iron umbrella stand. the colors look great and everything is working perfectly. well, a week later and we ordered another one-looks great- works great! thanks amazon for putting another feather in my cap. my wife thinks i am smart for using amazon for great products for her birthday!
This is a perfectly nice and functional umbrella.  I like the auto-tilt feature by just cranking a bit harder past \"open\".Be aware that the crank is a thin plastic.  The ball on top is plastic (and looks to be poorly molded - there is a huge seam where the two pieces of the mold came together).  The slats are also plastic.  There is very little metal at all here.  The pole (both sections) are light weight metal that looks to be powder-coated.The umbrella fabric is a nice color - as expected - it is a tiny bit on the shiny side.  It is not a matte canvas look.This umbrella operates fine and has held up to a couple of decent rain and wind storms (including a big one this weekend!)  I will be pleased if it lasts a couple of seasons.  I don't expect this to last for many years.  Maybe I'll be surprised.I'll update this review if necessary.
4 days from purchase to delivery.I don't get the supposed problems people talk about in their reviews.  Let's see. The doorbell rings, the box is delivered. You open one end and easly slip out the plastic bag in which the umbrella came.  Take off the bag.  There are two parts, top and bottom.  You put the bottom in your stand or table.  You slip the top over the bottom until it clicks.  You reach under the edge and crank until it opens.  If you want to tilt it, you depress the button, just like every other tilting umbrella.  I am so glad I didn't \"listen\" to the negative reviews since those people must have been talking about a different product than I got.  Did it say anywhere you were getting a base?  Of course not.The Olefin material is shiny, almost like satin.  The terra cotta is like terra cotta should be.  It's better than the picture. The shaft is a dark brown coated metal, very nice with the terra cotta.  The crack works easily.  When this baby is open, it is impressive.  Much nicer than the one it's replacing which was canvas and hard to keep clean and free of mold.The price - less than $75.00 incluiding shipping - wouldn't buy you a 7-8 foot non-cranking beach umbrella at  Target or K-Mart or any of the big box stores around here.Will it blow away in a wind?  None of our others have however I realize if heavy weather is forecast, it's a smart thing to take in items from the yard before it hits. Common sense would dictate at least folding the umbrella down.  If we get a tornado warning, I'll just crank it down, push the little button, slip off the top and bring it in the house.If I could give it 10 stars it wouldn't be over rating.
Some sunshine at last, and I am able to try out the new umbrella. It works; it looks nice; and it seems well made. It arrived without the finial; however, once I notified Ace Evert and forwarded the Amazon delivery notice, Mark Spiegel sent me a replacement.I live in a very windy place and am finding that even light wind gusts affect the stability of my patio table when the umbrella is up. I wish I had a square umbrella stand, instead of the round one I have presently, and I may even try screwing the legs of the table to the deck. But I'm beginning to think the best thing to do is to lower it in windy conditions and even on calm days when I'm not sitting at the table, in order to hang onto things in the event of a sudden gust.Update Aug 2012. In the process of lowering it,due to an approaching storm,that notorious pin fell out, the umbrella collapsed, and the bottle of red wine which I'd just opened, was swept onto the deck. My positive feelings for the product quickly drained away, along with the wine.
Slugs and snails were making Swiss cheese out of the leaves of my zucchini plants, but I was afraid to put traditional slug n' snail bait out for fear of one of my three dogs getting into it and getting sick.  When the Amazon Vine Review Program offered up Dr.T's for me to try, I snagged it.My first impression of this stuff was that it wasn't working as well as the otherOrtho 0464060 Bug Getta Snail & Slug Killer - 2 lb.I was using when the pets were in a different part of the yard - safe from ingesting it.  However the fact that Dr. T's is pet-safe, made me a bit more diligent about putting it out and trusting in the process.Little by little over a 5 day period I've noticed a reduction in plant destruction and seen fewer snails and slugs in the general vicinity of the garden.  I'm sure it's working, and I'll keep using it for its less-than-toxic properties, but in terms of it working quickly and over the long term, time will tell.  I'm sure it will take diligent reapplications to get the full benefit from this product, and considering the price, I'm glad I have a small garden.
Yeah, well you'd be feeling vicious too, after seeing the damage these slimy crawlers do to your garden.This is a great non toxic solution, similar to Sluggo, but it will have to be reapplied after a heavy rain. Which is when the slugs come out. Too expensive for a large area, but perfect to hit problem areas in the flower bed orcontainer gardens. For large gardens, beer traps would be cheaper.
Not only did this cut down on slugs, but it also stopped the spread of some of the things I associate with slugs...mushrooms and mildew.  My back yard was so disgusting really late at night that I wouldn't let my dogs outside.  And forget about plants - I never bothered with vegetables or flowers because they would disappear.  This product changed all that.  Thank you!!
I used this to surround a tomato patch in my backyard because I kept finding slugs around the area and it seemed easier than squashing them.  After use, not a single slug or snail is around.  Use liberally & you'll be fine.
Finally got around to using this and it works just fine. The snails really have quite an attraction to it. I see dead snails everywhere I lay it.
Dr.T's Slug-Snail Killer uses 6% sodium ferric EDTA (sodium ferric ethylenediaminetetraacetate) to do the job. This substance, basically, iron, is toxic only to slugs and snails, not to people, pets or the environment. It doesn't kill beneficial insects, is stable when stored and can be used around food crops. Dr.T's Slug Killer is so safe that the EPA doesn't require protective clothing for application, not even gloves!By the way, Woodstream is the company that markets Safer Brand products, and Dr.T's Nature products are part of the Safer line.If you grow ornamental plants or leafy vegetables, you know that slugs have to be controlled.  Baiting, trapping, poisoning all have pros and cons. Metaldehyde, a toxic substance, used to be the norm for killing slugs. Fortunately, in the last few years, gardeners seem to be more aware of the serious consequences to people and the environment in use of pesticides of high toxicity.  Speaking as a Master Gardener, I teach and encourage this trend towards safer, organic methods.Traditionally, gardeners have used containers of beer to attract and kill slugs.  Obviously, the beer is expensive, evaporates, is diluted by rain, and must be refilled.  Plus, small tubs of beer with dead slugs floating in them just doesn't qualify as garden art.There is the entertaining option of slug hunting.  You go out after dark armed with a flashlight and either a jar of soapy or salty water or a squirt gun or spray bottle filled with an ammonia solution (about 1:4 parts ammonia to water should do). Then, you either pick up the slugs with gloves or a spoon and drown them or shoot them with the water. The gratification is immediate and the method safe.Obviously, the iron granule or pellet method in the form of Dr.T's is less time-consuming than the mechanical techniques of slug control. Sluggo,Monterey Sluggo Snail & Slug Control For Organic Gardening - 2.5 lb Shaker Bottle LG6500, which uses 1% iron phosphate, is the usual choice of products to kill slugs.  However, Dr.T's website touts that it is: \"Cost effective since less product is needed for slug and snail control than with iron phosphate based baits.\" If so, that is definitely a plus.I have wet the soil surrounding my hostas and sprinkled Dr.T's around them.  No sign of additional slug-munching on the leaves since then.  What more can I say!
I have sprinkled these pellets per the package directions around my strawberries and rhubarb and I have not had problems with slugs and snails this year.  However, did it work better or worse than other 'poisonous' pellets?  If you are concerned with children or animals accidentally eating your slug/snail pellets, then I suggest using these or beer or other natural bait.  If that is not a concern for you, then buy the cheapest pellets and use that.
I've always had a problem with slugs feasting on my hostas. I've been using this slug killer over the summer and have noticed a great improvement. My hostas look great this year. This slug killer is effective and simple to use.
I put this product on my garden and NO MORE SLUGS!!  I have had a real problem with them this year because it has been so wet this year, but I put this product on 3 days ago and have not seen a single slug since!!  My flowers and I are all very happy!!!!!!!!
Every year I plant beautiful lettuce and every year the slugs make mincemeat out of it, leaving slime coated canals through the leaves and stems.  I also see tell tale signs of excrement in the lettuce even if I don't see the slugs so that I know they have been there.  I have tried a few slug traps and other means to control them, but they don't seem to work, especially if there is a lot of rain.I used Dr. T's Slug and Snail killer and so far over the last week, I have seen very few signs of slugs on my precious lettuce.  I sprinkled the granules around the base of the lettuce and the section where the lettuce is.  The ground was a little damp and then I quickly sprayed it lightly with water to activate.That was two weeks ago or so and so far so good!  I have not had to reapply yet, but am keeping a close eye on it as it really grosses me out when I see the slugs ruin my beautiful lettuce.
I'm growing a bunch of artichoke plants this year, and anyone who has grown those knows that they will get devoured by slugs and snails in days if you don't take protective measures.  Until now, I have been scattering the Corry's snail bait around the plants, which worked great but I wondered what kind of chemicals were getting into my 'chokes.  With this safer granular snail/slug bait, I feel a lot better about using it in a backyard where pets and kids run around, and eating the feeds with which it is protecting.  Above all, it attracts snails and slugs just as well as any other bait, and does a great job of killing them quickly. Highly recommended!
I have had a constant battle with slugs since we moved here three years ago.  They've eaten holes in my flowers, get into the dog's bowl , and leave slimy tracks all over everything.  I was going out with a flashlight and collecting them each night, but I still couldn't get ahead of them.  I tried the beer in a pie plate trick, but my dog took a liking to beer.  Finally, I tried Dr. T's and within a couple of weeks or so,  the slug tracks are gone.  I haven't seen any dead slugs, but they are no longer crawling all over and eating my flowers at night!
There are a number of Iron-based slug and snail baits on the market and I've had good luck with several.  This brand is by Safer, who used to sell a similar product under their own name (and may still, but I haven't seen it around in a while).  I've been using Dr T's for a few weeks now and I've can see it working.  You will start to find snail shells with shriveled up snails inside them.  The iron gives them the snail equivalent of killer constipation.  I wouldn't want to be that snail.  It breaks down harmlessly in soil but the label is vague about the risks associated with ingestion and since high levels of iron can be toxic, particularly to children, you'll want to store it accordingly.  My only pet warning is that it looks like rabbit food, but since most people don't have pet rabbits hopping around their yard, this probably isn't much of a concern.Prior to this I was using the Ortho Ecosense slug and snail bait, which is also iron based and comes in smaller granules (it looks like lawn fertilizer).  I found the Ortho product sprinkles more easily but also gets washed into the soil more easily.  Overall I prefer the Dr. T's but I think most people would be happy with either.
I tend not to use a lot of commercial bug killers in the garden, preferring instead to practice deterrence and nurturing a balance of predators and prey. But sometimes you've got to do what you've got to do. An overabundance of anything, but especially slugs, must be dealt with.I like being able to sprinkle out a little Dr. T's in areas where I see the signs of slugs. (There's also a bigger \"measurement\" side on the lid.) I'm on a simple drip irrigation system, so it's easy (per directions) to shake some granules down where the soil is moist from watering but not overly wet. I don't put down a lot, but so far it seems to be working just fine. I've also got vertical planters stacked four or five high, and I'll put a granule or two at the back of each pocket just in case.I haven't put in any hostas yet, for fear of the dreaded slugs, but now I'm feeling braver with Dr. T's on hand. The bottle is large enough that it will last a while but not so large that it's difficult to carry out with me into the garden when I'm making my morning rounds. I can drop it into the pocket of my apron.I like it.
I have mixed feelings about his product. I did see some slugs eating it, but then after that I still find wholes in my plants and slugs in the dark and wet spots of my garden. I did not do a miracle, but then I hope it did not harm anything either. I will not be using it that much since I did not see a direct benefit.
This product is easy to use - just wet the ground around the hostas and sprinkle some of the pellets on the ground. The pellets are a little hard to shake out of the bottle, but the other opening lets too many come out at once. Slugs chew up my hostas pretty badly each year (some more than others) and I'm happy to say that I have less holes in my plants this year! I do feel like I'm going to need to do a 2nd application though. I would recommend you do this early in the season when it's easier to get the granules underneath the plant before it gets too big.
It kills snails, what more can you say. We have tried other products and it works as well as any of them. Do be careful though as iron (the main ingredient) will stain concrete walks and driveways.
I got my hands on this snail and slug remover, mostly out of curiosity. Sure, I have plenty of snails on my front sidewalk and stairs during the cool wet spring mornings where I live, but I've never considered snails much of a nuisance. In fact, I sort of marveled at the \"snail rodeos\" that would break out during spells of particularly wet weather. But then, as I stepped out to go jogging, I would hear a few crunches as I traipsed down the stairs and over the concrete, then have to deal with that slimy mess later in the afternoon. That made me think it would just be better all around if I could get rid of them. As soon as I made that decision, though, the weather turned and the damp mornings went away, and so did some of the snails. Nonetheless, I put a few granules of this product out anyway, mostly following the instructions and wetting everything down first, and after a couple days, I noticed the granules, and the snails were gone. A few months later, in the heat and humidity of summer, a handful returned. I waited for a rainy day, put the granules out, and again, no snails after just a few days. My best judgment, therefore, is that this product works as advertised on snails, so it will probably work as advertised on slugs as well, making it a five star product for easy slug and snail removal.
This is an easy review. I constantly had to shoo snails out of my impatiens. I sprinkled Dr. T's inside the flowerpots.  And now: snails no more!Highly recommended.
I am in a position (not especially desirable) to test this product li8ke few people can.  Some time back the State of Hawaii made the appallingly stupid decision to introduce HUGE snails thinking they could create a new industry: escargot.  Unfortunately, these snails also carry a virus, making them dangerous not only to our gardens but to our health.  A few days after moving into our home on the windward (wet) side I saw a 5 inch snail on the wooden fence bordering our property.  Since that time they have become a common sight.I have now replanted the beans in my garden 8 times! because snails cut them off at the root within days of the tender shoots emerging.I received a bottle of Dr. T's slug and snail killer about 2 weeks ago,  We have had a particularly awful year weather-wise, with rain almost every day, as often as not torrential.  I wondered if this would work, given that it would likely wash into the soil shortly after application.  I placed some under the eves, thinking that it would not wash away, but also that it was not where slugs and snails are usually seen, as it is the only dry part of the property.  I also put some around my garden beds thinking that it would likely wash away, but that it was the area which I most wanted to protect.i am posting today because I saw the first snail since I put the bait out, in an area which is far away from my garden & the area under the eves where I had put it.  I have not seen one in those areas since! and, more significantly my beans and tomatos are up and undisturbed.  Not a one had been cut off at the soil line since I put this out.I think i need to get more information on the product; find out how long it lasts because i want to make sure that I have an active barrier at all times.  So far I am pretty pleased with how well it works.  My only question is how often it needs to be reapplied in an area which is very very wet (i.e. the second wettest place on earth).  Most people do not have to combat snails the size of Mack trucks, or deal with upwards of 300 inches of rain/ year.  that said, if it works here it should work for just about everyone else.Updated 2/9/2012 The treatment lasted roughly 3 months; that is about how long we were snail free.  I imaginbe that for most people it would last longer (as we get a huge amount of rain here) and I do not know if it is seasonal or if it washed away, or if that is how long before it is deactivated/ used up.  There ix enough in the bottle for several treatments for most people.  I applied it to a run of about 200 feet and had enough in the bottle for a second and third application.  The snails were gone within 2 days of application (and the second time around we had rather a large invasion).  After more than 6 months of use during the rainy season here, I am very pleased with this product.
The first time I used this type of product was when introduced toMonterey Sluggo Snail & Slug Control For Organic Gardening - 2.5 lb Shaker Bottle LG6500.  Many other companies have gone ahead and created their own version...and now, for Dr. T.On the first use, the difference between Dr. T's and what I believe is the best of the slug killer (Sluggo), the products were very similar.  Sluggo is small white pellets, Dr. T is small red pellets.  Living in the Pacific Northwest where we have the rainy season from October until July, the differences became vast.  While Dr. T's says it holds up to water/rain, it's not quite in the same neighborhood as Sluggo.  This stuff ends up growing as it gets waterlogged and looks like some cheap dry catfood that was left in the rain.  And then it just sort of disintegrates and apparently isn't appetizing to slugs at that point, since they bypassed it and went straight for the veggies and strawberries.If you live in a drier climate, this may be a slightly less expensive version of Sluggo that'll work fine.  For me, I'm sticking with the original.  Also note that the larger companies make this type of slug killer (specifically, Ortho), and occasionally the local Ace Hardware sells it in a 5lb bag for what Dr. T and Sluggo sell for 1lb.
This product contains Sodium Ferric EDTA, the newest snail killer ingredient on the market.  Works great in my garden.  We have a lot of pets and I like this because I don't have to worry if it comes in contact with pet food etc.  According to the US Environmental Protection Agency:\"Ecological Exposure and Risk Characterization.  Based on the studies and rationales for the data waivers discussed above, exposure and risk from the proposed use of Sodium Ferric EDTA are expected to be minimal for non-target organisms (with the exception of pillbugs and sowbugs).  The mode of action for Sodium Ferric EDTA targets copper-based (hemocyanin) blood systems, which are found in mollusks and crustaceans.  The active ingredient is toxic to aquatic invertebrates such as daphnids, but exposure should not occur when the product is applied according to label directions.\"
After using Dr T's Slug and Snail killer I noticed some postive results on those pesky snails and slugs.  Dr T's is in pellet form that will not coat or stick to plant leaves and it is also relatively safe for animals.  These are things to consider when using any form of pesticide.  The negative is that it is higher priced when compared with my current Slug and Snail bait.  For the same dollar amount, I get 4 pounds compared to Dr T's 1 pound.  Also it states that it will cover 1700 square feet but I tend to use more product to make sure there is good coverage.  So the coverage would be considerably less that stated. I have not had problems with wildlife or our dog getting into the old Snail bait so time will tell on changing brands.  This appears to work slower compared to my old Snail bait and it is safer on animals, but at a higher cost.  With that in mind, Dr T's is a moderate recommendation for any place that Snails and Slugs are a problem.
As a professional landscape gardener, I've used Sluggo for years, which is made of iron phosphate. This is made of sodium ferric EDTA (still an iron-based product). The manufacturers say that this stuff is better than Sluggo because you need to use less product to have the same effect. Hey, works for me. I've also noticed that the price of this stuff is WAY less than Sluggo.Now, I'm not finding any confirmation online that this stuff is certified organic, either OMRI or NOP, but there are other products made of sodium ferric EDTA that have been given the organic seal, so I'd anticipate this getting the organic stamp of approval soon.In any case, it seems just as effective as Sluggo, and it's meant to be pet-safe just like Sluggo. My only concern is my chickens. I can't find any reports online of whether this is safe to use in a garden where chickens roam and peck. Just to be safe, I'd hold off using this in a chicken garden until they put some language on their website discussing that exact concern. (Many people have reported online that Sluggo is chicken-safe).
This is a wonderful new product that those of us in the Pacific Northwest can use to kill slugs and snails.  This year has been very wet and the little creatures multiply like mad eating their way through my hostas and other plants.  Dr. T.'s Slug Killer is the perfect answer because it is not harmful to birds, wildlife, or your pets.  It works best if you start very early and kill them before they have a chance to lay more eggs.  However, it also works just fine if you start today!
It works as well as another better-known brand.  The one pound canister covers more area than the other better-known brand.  The pellets are smaller than what was available several years ago and supposedly easier for the slug-slimers and snail-snotters to nibble on.  I like the small pellets better than the grains that I purchased earlier this year.  The container is plastic and has a convenient shaker lid.
My hostas had extensive damage prior to using this product.  Just following the directions I noticed an almost instant improvement  in their condition.  I only had to use two applications and the snails/slugs have not returned so far.  Does the job.
We had some slugs in my wife's flower garden.  I applied this product early in the morning as directed.  The next day, the slugs were gone.  I'm not sure what else I can say but it worked for me.  The product looks like rabbit food (small pellets).  I'm not sure how it affects other wildlife so be careful when you use it but it definitely got rig of the slugs for me.
I tested Dr Ts Slug and Snail Killer - because of a problem that I had last year with slugs.  The container has 2 openings in the lid; a large single hole for fast pouring and a 3 hole side for sprinkling.  I preferred the 3 hole side of the lid, to help control my dispersal.  The granules or pellets are just a little smaller than the size of the holes in the 3 hold side.  It took a bit of shaking to work the pellets through the holes and out onto the plants/ground.  As a result of much shaking, the pellets start to breakdown and it starts to get rather dusty.  The lid gets dusty, especially when opening after using it for a bit.I appreciate that there is very little smell!!  What little there is, is not a harsh chemical smell but a bit more natural.  The container is a nice size to handle.  I was surprised when I opened it for the first time that it wasn't completely full (much settling had occurred, I guess).  Overall, I had a lot of slugs last year, so hopefully this will make a difference.  So far, I have not seen any slugs this year after treating my outside garden areas.
I have many beautiful hosta plants and each year have struggled to keep the slugs and snails from munching the leaves.  Last year -- the plants were horribly eaten no matter what I put out.I'm always skeptical of new products now, but Dr. T's Slug and Snail Killer really is a slug and snail killer.  I shook the granules around the plants and went out the next morning to see what I could see.  The result:  Each plant had a circle of dead snails surrounding the plant and not one bite had been taken of any of the plants.  Now that's what I'm talking about!If you are sick and tired of spending money on beautiful plants only to have them eaten up by slugs and snails then you must try Dr. T's.  You won't be sorry.
We have a dog, but we also have slugs.  There are lots of treatments out there that will get rid of the slugs, but they can be harmful to the dog. My wife seems to think that we should come up with a dog friendly solution (i have a little less sympathy for the dog).So we have lived with slugs and we keep a salt shaker handy so my kids can watch the slugs turn into slime when they try to creep by on the sidewalk... We did that until last week when the Dr. T's Slug and snail killer began to take effect.  We have been slug free for a week and because Dr.T's is pet friendly my dog is just fine and my wife is happy.  The kids are a bit sad because their outdoor entertainment options are now limited to pestering the dog and playing on the expensive toys we bought them, but they can still salt slugs thier grandparents house and I'm sure their childhood development won't been stunted.
I have two young kids and used to have a couple of dogs and a cat.  We also have a fair amount of wildlife (squirrels, raccoons, deer, opossum, foxes, turkeys, etc.) where we live.  Kid and pet/animal safe products are a must around our yard.  That alone makes it worth giving a try.  Typically, I use Monterey Sluggo Snail & Slug Control which is also kid and animal safe, does not use Metaldehyde, and degrades to act as a mild fertilizer.  After trying both for a few weeks they both seem to do a decent job of eliminating snails and slugs.  It does seem like the Dr. T's was visibly around longer by a couple to few days.  Dr.T's will definitely get the job done and you will not have to be concerned about poisoning Bambi and Thumper.  The stuff is basically a form or iron which if not ingested by a snail/slug will break down and actually feed your plants (similar to Ironite).
Every year I fight the snails for control of my vegetable garden....I've tried beer (very little success); picking them & squishing them - (yuck & it's really hard to keep up since they like to feed in the dark) & other bait that disappears with the rain/watering.  Finally, this is a product that sticks around for a few weeks & actually works.I sprinkled it in my garden & within a few minutes I noticed snails feeding on it.  I guess they like this stuff.  I like that it is not toxic to other animals & can be used in my vegetable garden.  It took a couple days, but then I started seeing empty shells - it works!
In a yard with no grass, just bushes, trees, and bulb flowers, it is very easy to see when things are being eaten, plus I sometimes see slimy trails on my concrete paths.  For years I was hesitant to use snail killer products because we have an unchecked population of both feral cats and deer.  While I am no fan of either of these critters, I did not want to put anything out that was toxic.  I have been using this product for several months, and it has checked the biting on my plants, and I do not have to be concerned about whether any wildlife are injured or killed by the use.  I recommend this product, especially when Amazon runs it on sale.June 8, 2013:  I used this on an Amaryllis plant that was being severely eaten by snails.  Overnight, the problem stopped, and the plant is now growing without further damage.
Every year I plant marigolds, and every year slugs decimate them.  Not this year--leaves and flowers are visible, intact and thriving.  Success can be attributed to Dr. T's and diligence in its use.  In years past, I have waited until destruction was evident, then initiated pest control.  This year I sprinkled granules around at planting time, and religiously adhere to directions (apply every two weeks while slugs persist).  Fortunately, this area is not very large, so a one pound canister should last all summer, if needed that long.  Best yet, its active ingredient is Sodium Ferric EDTA, which is less toxic than traditional metaldehyde.  Dr. T's states this product can safely be used around pets, birds and wildlife.
I sprinkled these granules around my plants and areas where slugs have been seen. The next day no more slugs.You can use these around vegetable plants, which some other baits you cannot.I will continue to use these granules.
Dr T's ST125 Slug and Snail Killer has proved to be a superior product to those I have used in the past.  From the first initial use, I have found no slugs near my plants and flowers.  I have tried other products in the past and have been highly disappointed, but Dr T's has proved to be a far more reliable product.
I have a lovely shade garden that is usually riddled with holes because the snails like it as much as I do.Because we have a wider variety of birds and small animals, along with two small dogs, I usually end up just sharing the hostas with whatever snails decide they dont like beer traps. Because we have a small brook flowing through the area, crawling critters like snails are usually very numerous, even in dry years. And I hate having to worry about the family pups possibly getting into something harmful. Therefore I was pleased that theDr.T's DT125 Nature Products Slug and Snail Killer, 1-Pound Granular Bottleworked very well-and very safely. I even quit checking for snails to hand-pick off the plants . . .because there weren't any! In fact, I used even less of it than recommended-only applying it about every three weeks. I'll definitely be getting Dr T's again next year.
Just what are you going to say about a pest killer?  Either it works or it does not.  Warning:  there is a plot spoiler just ahead.Plot spoiler:  It works!  I know you are shocked.  We spread this stuff around some plants that require lots of water.  The water attracted slugs.  There was a slug convention on these particular plants.  Since we did not authorize the convention, we decided to rain on the slugs' parade in the form of Dr. T's Slug and Snail Killer.It took little time for the slugs to start dropping like...slugs (you thought I was going to say flies, I bet).  The little pests keeled over quickly, forming plant fertilizer in the process.  Life seemed to be heading in the right direction.Then we noticed that our plants had little holes in them where we sprinkled the slug and snail killer.  In fairness to the slug and snail killer, our plants were quite dense (probably forming slug habitat).  So, some of the slug and snail killer remained on the plants for a lengthy period.  At the same time, we entered a period of dry weather.  Therefore, there are many things that may have contributed to the formation of holes in our plants.You may also wonder just what kind of plants these are.  Sadly, I do not know the formal name.  Plants that like to be wet, is what I call them.  So, if you use this stuff and you are using it on plants that are outside the mainstream, the mainstream being roses, petunias, cucumbers, and the like, then you might want to test this stuff first.The bottom line:  I give this stuff accolades for killing slugs.  This product definitely works.  I add a note of caution that I appeared to have some damage from the product where it sat on the plants during a dry spell.Good luck!
Apply Dr. T's Slug & Snail Killer to damp ground around the base of your plants, try not to get any on the leaves, and also apply around the perimeter of your garden (the slimey things might snack on the bait before they get to your plants). Re-apply as bait is consumed or at 14 day intervals. If the slug problem is severe, apply more heavily. This product is non-toxic to pets & wildlife. The bait can be applied by shaking the container or measuring with a spoon. Snails & slugs hide during the heat of the day & feed in early morning or at night.We have many, many varieties of beautiful hostas. Slugs love hostas. We battle them every year. However, this summer has been very dry in our area & our slug problem hasn't been as severe. It appears that Dr. T's Slug & Snail Killer is working. So far this year, the dry weather has done more damage to our hostas than the slugs have.
When we saw this product has a non toxic mode of actionand can be used around pets and wildlife, we were eager to give it a try.We've looked for a product in the past, only to come home empty handedwhen wew see the label warning against useing the product around pets,because pets are also attracted to that product.This slug and snail killer is just what we've needed for many years.Having cats that stay outside all the time presents a continual problemof the slugs getting in their dish at night.It dosen't matter if there's food left in the dish or not,they're still attracted by the smell.The slugs leave a very unpleasant mess to clean up all the time,and not healthy for the cats either.The slugs also seem to like most all of our flower beds,but particularly under the hostas.A month has passed now since first applying the bait for the slugs.We had to reapply a couple of times till we realized where the slugs were hidding.We can see that we need to be pretty through in distributing it.So far the results are impressive where we've cover an area throughly there's no slugs around.The directions say that when the slugs and snails ingest the baitthey stop feeding and crawl back into their shelter where they eventually die.Instructions for applying the granulars warns against useing kitchen utensils for measuring,but that you can apply the product by hand or by dispensing directly from the container.That part didn't make sense to us since your skin is simply one big organsoaking in everything it touchs, yet your not suppose to use kitchen utensils?After handleing this product we would suggest never getting it on your skin.The active ingredient made our hands tingle and burn slightly.It does a good job with slugs,but dispensing from the container is a better idea.
We had more slimy slugs this year then last year. We tried Dr. T's and love that it is all natural and lasts two weeks once applied. We sprinkled it in our garden and shaded areas that needed it, and the next day you can see all the dead snails.... literally dead. We have pets and this product is pet safe (we have 5 dogs) they are always roaming the yard so quite nice that the product is pet friendly otherwise we would not have purchased.  The contrainer weighs 1 pound so its easy to shake and it spreads easily. We have a butterfly garden nearby and this product is safe around them too, as well as other insects like bee's. We used it this past summer and had no more slug issues and our garden and flowers, etc were all perfect. Definately would recommend and use again.
Something got to our first tomato of the season, and that bugged me. I decided to bug the slimy little critters back. Dr.T's is a throw-down snail and slug killer, and appied near but not on our garden, had produced this: no trails, no night visitors.It WORKS GREAT! Shake and forget. Slugs in other parts of the yard, but not there!!!
Walking outside my house in clean bare feet, I accidentally step on a large snail and hear and feel the crunch of its one inch shell and greasy body squish between my toes.  I shake off what I can and carefully retreat on my heels back into the house to wash the snail guts from my feet.  It is disgusting.  I breathe deeply to hold back the vomit.Dr. T's Snug & Snail Killer comes to my rescue.  Although the container only has enough to cover approximately a 40 X 40 foot square, I don't care.  I want vengeance.  These slimy creatures from another world have been leaving holes in my philodendrons, my orchid leaves and other plants, not to mention the sticky arrogant trails they leave on my doorstep and sidewalk.  My neighbors witness the wet stained snail trails on my sidewalk and look at me with pitiful shame.  These snails and slugs must be eliminated!  I take great shadenfreude in shaking the pellets onto the plants on my patio and the Boston Ivy around my house.  I experience great joy in imagining the painful screaming of these disgusting worthless slime-balls as they ingest the concentrated iron and sodium ferric, literally turning them into the empty shells they are.  My animals are safe from these biodegradable and environmentally safe pellets.In two days, I have already witnessed the catastrophic carnage of dehydrated snails and slugs leaving behind empty shells which I stomp on gleefully.  My cats look at me in confusion as I dance about delightfully, popping and crushing every shell in site.  My plants are safe, my animals are safe and I never have to clean the glutinous guts from between my fleshy toes again.  Life is good.
Last year I had tons of slugs in my garden. This year none thanks to Dr. T's Slug and Snail Killer. Overall, I would highly recommend this product.
Someone once asked me \"How do I find a Master Gardener?\" I answered, well if you mean an Official Master Gardener, they will have a certificate that shows they payed $80 to take a test that says they are a Master Gardener.If you are looking for a Gardener that has Mastered the craft; look for quality tools, a large compost pile, soil amendments you have never heard of like (Greensand, Bat guano, Azomite, and Earthworm castings) and Dr T products.Dr T products have been one of the master gardener's secrets for years, but now they are becoming easier the find. This one is Snail and Slug Killer, and if you have never stepped on a slug or grabbed a snail without seeing it first, consider yourself lucky. For small slow moving things, they can decimate a garden overnight. Especially leafy plants like Hostas, Cabbage and Lettuce.Just sprinkle this in the area where you see the slime trails and they will eat it and die. It actually takes advantage of the voracious appetite. It also works on grasshoppers and crickets as well, but it takes at lot more to have a visible effect because these bugs are so numerous, you never see the same grasshopper twice.If you plan to garden, this is one product that you must have in your garden shed.
I've used slug killer products before, and watched while they kind of eased into their work... slowing down the advance of the critters, but taking a day or so to fully take effect.  Not this stuff!  I applied it to my hosta bed and 24 hours later there was no evidence of slugs, snails or further damage.  Great price... great value... and I appreciate that it shouldn't affect any pets or such.
I have tried many slug and snail baits, but this one seems to work the best. I have many clients that have pets, and they are worried to put down baits that may harm their animals. In addition, you can use Dr. T's around the listed vegetables on the container that you are growing. I feel confident that you will like the results. I have been in the horticultural industry for over 40+ years, and I would highly recommend Dr. T's Slug and Snail Killer.
I live in NH, where we have a short growing season. I have slugs that attach my leafy greens, cucumbers, spinach, broccoli - you name it - they are after it. I have been using little cups filled with beer that works well but is a pain in the butt. I have to empty the \"beer\" full of nasty slugs each morning, and it STINKS! I have to re-fill and it doesn't get all the slugs.  This product is so much less work and less mess and less smell! I am so glad it is safe for pets, but will get the job done on the slugs. It hasn't rained since I sprinkled it out so I don't know how it will hold up in the rain but I am very happy with the product and results so far!
My yard is overrun with snails and slugs.  At night, after a rain, I can find as many as 20 snails crawling across the sidewalk.  All of my plants are being eaten by these invaders so I gave this product a try.  It seems like I have seen a slight reduction in the numbers of the slimy creatures, but there are still so many that I bought a much larger container of a different brand.  This product just didn't do enough to control the population.
used this around my Hostas that were being severely munched upon.  Quickly noticed the difference and first treatment has lasted several weeks now.  Also used around my basil.Very impressed with the performance and a little has gone a long way.
I love this stuff! I had slugs eating all my strawberries and it was beyond annoying! I sprinkle this around the strawberry pots and I haven't had any problems since! I love that it is safe for pets and other wildlife. it's a good value for the amount you get, has held up well even with the sprinklers running twice a day and is very effective. Definitely worth the price!
Snail poison isn't something you can really extoll great attributes about, either it works or it doesn't.  This does work and is easy to deliver so it gets 4 stars.
I've been used to metaldehyde slug and snail baits, so I wasn't sure how these would work.  They don't attract the snails like metaldehyde does; the snails just take a bite of it like anything else, as opposed to met which makes them come running.However, upside is that these last for many waterings or rainfalls, unlike metaldehyde which a good 5 minute sprinkler soak pretty much destroys.  The box says 14 days but mine is still killing snails 3 weeks later.  Iron is good for plants, unlike metaldehyde which, though not particularly dangerous to humans, is still a toxin; and iron baits are not likely to harm your cat or dog if they accidentally ingest a bit.However, these stain patio concrete if they get wet and sit on the concrete.  Be careful of that.
Being a Pacific Northwest gardener, I have been waging a one-woman genocide on slugs for my entire adult life.  Either Corry's Slug & Snail Death or Deadline Slug and Snail Killer are my usual weapons of choice.  Both of these products seem to poison the slugs and leave visible evidence of their tortured death-a shiny trail of slug guts leading to the corpse of the vanquished pest.  I LIKE THAT.  Dr. T's Slug & Snail Killer is supposed to work by interfering with the digestive process of a slug so they are unable to continue eating.  Presumably they crawl away to slowly die in solitude.Since my yard is no longer criss-crossed with the telltale signs of Slug Armageddon, I can only judge this product's effectiveness by the condition of my plants.  I still see some damage to small flower seedlings that were surrounded by Dr T's when they were set out in the garden.  I will say however that for the FIRST TIME EVER my leaf lettuce does not look like Swiss cheese.I've never had a problem with my cats getting into the other slug bait I've used but Dr T's is non-toxic to pets if yours do. The product is a bit spendy for the square footage it covers and I can see some of the pellets remain uneaten & mouldering on the ground.  I plan to add this product to my arsenal for use in the vegetable garden but will keep the Deadline in my holster for its immediate carnage \"bang for the buck\" in the flower beds and lawn.
There are two main chemicals used to kill slugs.  The first, Metaldehyde, keeps slugs from being able to move or digest food.  It is the quickest and most efficient way to kill slugs, but is very poisonous to dogs and other desirable animals.  The second, iron phosphate, takes 3 to 6 days to kill, but is safe for other animals.  This product contains sodium ferric EDTA 6%, a different form of iron and with the same effectiveness as iron phosphate.  Like other iron products, it will not kill them immediately, but they will stop eating plants after they eat this. Sodium ferric EDTA is considered not only safe for human consumption, but it actually is used in agriculture as a micro-nutrient, mean it is given to plants like we would take a vitamin.So, for effectiveness on non-edible plants where you don't have to worry about dogs or cats finding the poison,  the metaldehyde will be the quickest and most effective solution.  To get rid of slugs in your vegetable garden or where pets have access, use an iron phosphate product.  This would be ideal for vegetables given the micro-nutrient component.  Just don't expect to be able to watch the slugs die - you are not pouring salt on them, but slowly killing them from the inside.I use a combination of this product along with iron phosphate, metaldehyde and traps.  The traps range from a board or cardboard that I put out on damp ground at night and then scrape the hiding slugs off in the morning to shallow dishes with beer to decorative traps that don't really work but look great.
Slugs can be a great nuisance in the garden and they are very destructive to hostas, vegetables and other low-growing plants. This product uses a concentrated iron, sodium ferric EDTA, to lure slugs and kill them without harming other beneficial insects or your pets. It works by interfering with their digestive tract and they stop eating immediately. This 1 lb. granular bait covers up to 1,700 square feet. Application of this slug and snail control product lasts up to 2 weeks.
We've used Corry's and other slug baits. They all kill slugs, but this one is more convenient because of it seems to be more concentrated and require less per square foot. Also, the plastic container is easier to manage for someone of modest hand size vs. the larger boxes.We had a summer rainstorm here, and the product was still killing slugs afterwards.If it's the right price, get it!
There are many methods of getting rid of slugs and snails.  Few of them work very well, in my experience, but several of them work well enough to make them worth trying. (One that's more trouble than it's worth, in my experience:  copper tape, which slugs supposedly don't like to crawl across.  You need a lot of copper tape to create a boundary, which is not only very expensive but impractical, and copper oxidizes easily, which quickly reduces any deterrent effect.  Another: setting out trays of beer, which slugs supposedly will drown in.  There will be plenty of room for slugs to get to your plants without wandering into the beer, which will soon become diluted with rain, or filled with junk.)Using slug bait does work better than nothing.  There are basically two types of slug bait:  bait that contains pesticide that's toxic to a lot of different kinds of animals, including people, and bait that is much more selective, limited in its effects mostly to slugs.  This product is one of the latter.  Corry's Slug and Snail Death is an example of the former. This product does cost more than the more toxic alternatives per square foot, but is safer for use around pets, and for that matter, safer for use around food that you intend to eat, and possibly any other wildlife that may be around. Both will reduce the number of snails that hammer your plants if you use them regularly and reapply after heavy rain.
If you sprinkle this product on the borders of your garden, it's an effective snail/slug deterrent; must remember to reapply after heavy rain. More convenient and reliable than setting out dishes of beer, it's also less messy than diatomaceous earth.
I sprinkled this stuff in my garage and yard, and I hope to see the results over the next few weeks. This stuff is in granular form and easy to use, and is made of sodium ferric EDTA (6.00%), which contains iron. This is similar to iron phosphate-based baits except fewer amounts are needed. Even though the manufacturer claims this is safe, but keep this away from kids, and wash your hands after sprinkling. Start using this product in the spring and continue to reapply at 14-day intervals until fall.1.Monterey Sluggo Snail & Slug Control For Organic Gardening - 2.5 lb Shaker Bottle LG65002.Bonide 905 3-Pound Slug Magic Snail & Slug Killer Granules3.The Scotts Co. 0243010 Ortho EcoSense Slug And Snail Killer
Before using this product, I had usedOrtho 0464060 Bug Getta Snail & Slug Killer - 2 lb.and had very good results, This Dr. T's Slug and Snail killer is comparatively slightly expensive but is safer for the pets and possibly other creatures that share your backyard.In terms of effectiveness, I think Dr. T is okay hence the 3 Stars given, but not as killer effective like Ortho and IHMO for few dollars more you get double the capacity which means you can cover more area than the 1 pound Granular bottle.The Pellets are slightly smaller and can get powdery when you try to sprinkle this into your lawn, Even though it is considered safe, it does have chemicals that can provide harm to you and you *MUST* take necessary precautions while applying this, Wear gloves and keep your face away from the powder and pellets while you apply.I would still suggest buyingOrtho 0464060 Bug Getta Snail & Slug Killer - 2 lb.instead as I always have got excellent results with this product.
This is actually the first pesticide, of any kind, I've used in my burgeoning garden.  Previous to this, I tried killing slugs with the beer method, but that involved odd-looking beer dishes in my front lawn.  That kind of defeated the whole purpose of the garden, which was to make my house stop looking like the worst one on the block.  Recently, a neighbor took pity on me (and my garden), and gave me a multitude of hostas of all sizes and shapes, to fill out a particularly shady corner.  With those huge, leafy hostas came an NYC-sized colony of slugs, who promptly set up suburbs in my herb boxes, flower garden, and hydrangea pots.  How they were previously kept at bay is beyond me, but in a few weeks, mine were almost dead.  By the time I used Dr. T's, the hostas had gotten eaten to the point where there were barely any leaves left.  After about 3 weeks of using this product and following directions religiously, they have new growth and no longer appear to be on the verge of death.In the flower garden, it didn't seem to be helping much until I had the lawn mowing crew \"dig\" a little trench in front of it with a weed whacker.  I filled that trench with Dr. T's and I'm happy to report everything looks much happier.As for the naturalness of the ingredients, a chemist friend of mine who works for the state EPA took a look at the ingredients and declared them to be \"just about as safe as putting out salt...but don't eat it.\"  I don't have any desire to eat it, and my puppy, who tries to sniff it quite a bit, has not eaten any.  That said, I don't feel very scared about the possibility that he rolls in it or gets some on him, as I am with other pesticides.Wish I could give four and a half stars, but I have to deduct something for the ridiculously small print on the bottle.  I know they legally have to write some of those things, but the directions were really hard to find and read (and I'm only 30).  It'd be nice if they were in bold or even if the package included a little written packet of directions (in a larger font for us old people).
I actually like this product a lot, do to the safety issue ... you can use it around pets and kids. It also seems to work at least as well as any other snail bait I have used, and it does continue to work even after rain or watering. The only problem ... it does cost a little more than \"regular\" brands. Not a problem for me, as I believe the safety aspect is worth the extra pennies per use. I will continue to buy this and I am glad I found it.
I have a house in the south where heat and humidity are a daily occurrence. Therefore, every year I am forced to deal with those slimy slugs that attack my baby plants and new Spring growth.For years I have placed beer in small containers strategically placed around my garden. It works well but is so impractical and expensive It evaporates within two days.  I spend a lot of time refilling the containers with Beer that I would have drunk otherwise. Instead of me getting drunk, that precious beer is wasted to get snails drunk and drown!Along came Dr. T's.Dr. T's is all natural and it supposed to last two weeks. Once sprinkled in your garden, you can actually see snails dead in about a day or so. Also, I have dogs so I am glad that this product is safe for pets.Overall I am very pleased with Dr. T's slug and snail killer. Easy to handle one pound container shakes out for even distribution. One thing I am not sure is how will this product hold up in the rain?So, now I can use that beer myself to get drunk and then write Amazon reviews!
I have used Sluggo snail and slug killer and some other brand from Home Depot. I found that this one didn't seem to last as long as the others once it got wet. I also didn't like the fact that the product seemed to break down in the package and create a dust that poofed out as you shook the bottle around to dispense it. I never noticed that with the other brands. I'm pretty sure that all three work in the same way so I think I will be sticking with one of the others. How is it going to work if it is gone before they can get to it?
My husband used this on the garden this year before planting it. It was easy to use and for the most part, kept slug and snails out. Just remember that this is only for slug and snail. We had other types of bugs in the garden that we used other methods to get rid of. It also lasted for a pretty good amount of time. I think it was a month and a half - two months before my husband noticed the slugs again.Overall, if you're looking for something that will work on getting rid of slug and snails, this definitely works.
We like the fact that this product works well. It is easy to use and is an all natural (iron) formulation. The granules do not dissolve in lawn watering or rain and last well. They are safe for pets and since we are organic gardeners we are careful not to destroy beneficials needed to support our eco system. Safe for birds too. We now have no slug problems.
This product worked great the very first night. I had dead snails laying all over the place. What I like best about this product, compared to others, is that there was no dust flying around. I don't like breathing in poison. This made me a happy camper.
Well, I have finally found something to help salvage my strawberry crop this year.  We are plaqued with slugs.  Some times of the year, you can slip while walking across the lawn, since the slugs are so numerous and slimy that it makes walking a sticky and slippery experience.  ICK.  My june bearing strawberries have always been a favorite slug snack, and I have had minimal luck with the beer traps.  They just might prefer berries to beer...  Anyway, I was so happy to find a safe product to use for pest control... It was very easy to sprinkle the product around and under the plants, and I have lost almost no fruit to the miserable slime balls this year.  The next test will be tomatoes.  Any fruits near the ground are usually attacked, and I can't wait to zap them again when the time comes....
We used this product in our garden. After one application, we noticed significant reduction in slugs and snails, but some were still there. We are confident that a second application will eliminate them all.It is not a product you can just use right away - there are instructions to follow such as time of day, soil conditions, etc. So, it is somewhat inconvenient.We definitely recommend this product due to the low price and the effectiveness.
I used this product around the hostas and it seems to be working. There are years when the leaves look like lace. This year there are very few holes. The manufacturer says snails and slugs crawl off to \"eventually die\". I think they die sooner than eventually. I found a slug in the basement and put Dr. T's around it.  Fifteen minutes later it was dead. That's good enough for me. The only thing I don't like about it is that it's very dusty. When I was shaking it into the garden, there was quite a cloud of dust and it looked like some of the pellets had crumbled or were in the process of crumbling. I wasn't shaking it very hard, so I don't think my actions caused the disintegration of the pellets.Now if someone would invent some earwig bait that would do the same thing, I would be a happy camper.
I used this in my garage around the edge of the walls where the concrete floor meets the brick wall. At night when I would come home from work at 2am there would be slugs climbing up the walls in the garage and trying to get into the cat food feeders, the dogs empty food bowl DISGUSTING!!! The slugs here in NC can be  BIG!! I have not seen a slug since using the Slug and snail killer. It was easy to apply and  it works!!
I had snails and slugs EVERYWHERE until I tried this.  And the product is safe to use around other insects and animals.  No more snails in one application!
What can I say, you don't need salt? This slug and snail killer is easy to use, and really works. Glad I got my bottle for my flower beds this summer! No more slugs eating my flowers!!
I planted a vegetable garden for the first time this year and even though we are in the middle of a drought, the snails still came. I think their shells are cute and all, but I really hate what they were doing to my garden. I've been using soapy water to keep other bugs off of my veggies, but snails seem to laugh in the face of Dawn detergent. Since this is my first garden, I had no idea that slug killer even existed!Fortunately, the Amazon Vine program is eerily good at offering me items I can use, and I happily snatched up Dr. T's Slug and Snail killer! The fact that it is safe for use around animals and children is a huge bonus for me, although I might have been willing to make a sacrifice in order to get rid of these slimy critters. Lucky for me, Dr. T saves me from those kinds of decisions. I just applied it to damp ground all around my plant bed, and within a couple of days I was finding little snail corpses around the edges of my garden.It's so nice to find a product that does what you need it to (like the murder of simple creatures) without harming anything else!
I was totally confused and dismayed when my yard started looking like it was dying in patches. I could not figure out what was wrong, which is typical for me because I am not really a yard person. If it is clean of litter and debris and mowed, then that is usually the extent of work I do on it.But then I had bugs killing my yard and beds, so at a friend's suggestion after looking at my problems and guessing about the type of critters I had, I used Dr. T's Slug and Snail Killer. It came along at just the right time.It is easy to use. The canister is easy to hold and the product just shakes out. The product worked very quickly. In no time at all the slugs/snails were dead and my yard slowly was coming back.Because I live in the deep south and deal with heat and humidity, these pests are frequent, but Dr. T's has continued to keep them at bay and keep my yard looking wonderful.
Snail activity has been visibly reduced, but it's hard to tell whether it's the snail killer driving the snails away, or just the unusual weather we've been having lately.  If I knew for sure that it was the snail killer driving the snails away, I'd give this product five stars.  In any case, it looks like I have some circumstantially positive testimony for this product.
I had to wait a while and get a feel for this product before I could take a shot a rating it.  Snail hunting is not like swatting a fly or spraying a wasp and watching it spiral down.Slugs often come and go unseen, just leaving behind a mess.  You can't watch them swarm, and you can't watch them ignite and fall from your bug zapper.  Extermination is not an instant gratification thing.  This is kind of the antithesis of fishing.  So on to the product review . . . .I have a particular slug problem area where they somehow sneak onto my enclosed back porch and raid my dog's food bowl during the wee hours.  I have used a popular brand of liquid killer, with poor results and it leaves behind a brown stain on my concrete (along with the slug trails moving through with impunity).This Dr.T's granular product seems to do the trick.  I put it down over a month ago at the emergence of peak slug season, and quite simply -- no slugs.  No tracks, nothing.  I only did one other \"insurance\" application a couple of weeks after the first one.The granular mini-pellets are also a no mess application.  More or less invisible.  My only care is to not to blow the pellets away when cleaning up the porch/patio area with a leaf blower.Seems to work well, and no mess.  Good product.
Our back yard in Southern California is loaded with succulents in large pots and completely ringed with my wife's Rose Bushes of over 20 years now. The battle between her & the snails has always amused me since she NEVER shuts up about me and my messes I make in the garage.  My point being....I LOVE to see her in some kind of battle of HER own. Our 2 cats Lucy & Ethel are indoor only cats but she lets them follow her around when she weeds & trims her rose bushes. My worry is they get poisoned. They have to be constantly stopped from munching on almost anything they find outside for some reason. If it is green, they LOVE to eat it???? I'll never understand that.... My wife uses this and within 7 days there are NO MORE SNAILS. Period. Our cats have been just fine as well so if they are ingesting any of this it has not harmed them in the past month. So now I can only hope for some new thing to irritate my old dingbat since this product has ruined my only relief of having any diversion for her to get off ME when I am minding my own business in the garage....
For years my wife and I have had problems with snails in our area. Every time we try to grow garden inevitably the snails show up and eat it; not to mention especially after rains the snails seem to be out and about moving around slowly and you end up stepping on them which is pretty gross. We've been hesitant to use any kind of poisons in the yard because our dogs are able to go back there through their doggie door. I was always afraid they would eat some and get sick.This product is all natural and says it's safe for pets. That's the biggest selling point for us, of course, so long as it works. We started putting it down a couple weeks ago and I haven't seen any snail sense. I also haven't seen any snail bodies, which is definitely an added bonus. The information on the product says that it will poison the snails in such a way that they will retreat to their layers to die; as best I can tell it's acting as advertised.I also like the we didn't even need to use that much of it. I don't think we even used the full amount they suggested and it seemed to work well. Not sure there is much else to say about this product, just that if you have a garden you might want to give it a try because it does work really well.
I have used Beer in a tuna can buried level to the ground for years to control the slugs in my Hosta plants.  The draw back to this is the need to keep emptying the dead slugs and refill with fresh beer.  We recently took a 4 week vacation and I applied Dr. T's Slug & Snail Killer before we left because I would not be able to keep my beer bait regimen  while I was gone.  We returned to minimal damage to the Hosta leaves.  I set out my beer bait cans again and there were only a few slugs in the cans in the morning.  Evidently the Dr. T's Slug & Snail Killer has reduced the slug population in our absence.
...but a lot less collateral damage.I love the dance of Nature.  Except when it's in my backyard.  The snails ate my Hostas.  The slugs mowed down my basil.  Squirrels and birds went after the apricots.  And aphids, whiteflys and scale are flourishing.I can't do too much about the squirrels and birds.  The insects would survive a chemical armageddon.  But the snails and slugs are doomed.This stuff is wonderful.  Sprinkling it around my plans has drastically reduced the carnage.  The new leaves are actually surviving. The plants are growing again.  The ground is littered with empty snail shells.  Life is good.Highly recommended.
item arrived quickly, but instructions to put it together are HORRIBLE.  they should just make a 60 second video and include the link and people can watch the video.  we figured it out finally, but it could have been a lot less painfulas soon as i use it, i'll update this posting on how it actually works
Had some moss growth on the stones and walls of the house.This pressure washer got rid of it very quickly, and efficiently.My gripe with it, was that I'd had to connect the water hose, to the right input.Both input and output use the same connector, and despite the usermanual, there's NO indication on what is the in/output.I guess I got lucky, and connected the machine correctly, but only by luck!The pressure washer can not run dry or the pump will break!The feet are regular plastic, and I thought they wheren't going to be enough to dampen the vibrations, but turns out the engine powering the pump rotates at a very fast speed!When cleaning, I could adjust the water beam to a flat beam, or one focused at one point.The flat beam worked really well on my stones, and cleaned a larger surface (upto about 8 in wide stream width, depending on the distance of the nozzle on the surface).
I bought this little guy to do some basic washing around my pad.  I've cleaned up my wooden deck for re-staining, and it did an nice job tearing off the old stain, and cleaning up the wood.  It works well on concrete, iron patio furniture. I've not tried it on my cars yet, because I like hand washing those. It's light weight, and easy to use and set up.  Storage is easy.  For small yard clean up around your pad, this is a good buy.
This thing still works and has not sprung any leaks, so that is good.  It is not very portable when everything is connected, because I am worried about snapping the plastic connection where the garden hose attaches if the hose were to snag on something.  Once that is broken, might as well trash the sprayer.  Also, i have found that the sprayer attachments have gotten extremely tough to take apart or snap together, so i have started just storing the sprayer nozzle assembled as one piece and attached to the rubber hose.I do like how long the power cord is, but it also is tough to wrap up the cord AND fit the sprayer attachments underneath.  If you look at the picture, everything looks like it fits nice and neat, but that is because the cord in the picture is MUCH shorter than the one that actually comes with it.  I would say double the length of what you see int he picture, and you can see how that would conflict with the on-board storage slots.  Another reason just to store the sprayer as one fully assembled piece.
This small thing produces a surprising amount of pressure.  Very portable and easy to use and lots of pressure for a fraction of the price of a big washer
I feel bad leaving a bad review, but nevertheless, this machine did not work well for me.I put it all together, no leaks, all together properly, but it was no more than a lazy trickle. My finger over the top of the hose did better and was twice as powerful. I used the soap dispenser and it worked okay, but nothing fancy about it. Then I took to power-washing (and I hate to even use that term here). I looked for kinks in the hose...I turned the water all the way up, checked to see if I had the machine turned on, checked to see if I had it plugged in...maybe I got a lemon, I don't know, but this machine wouldn't even wash the dirt off the bottom of my shoe (yes, I tried that too). I left it out so my husband could try it when he got home from work...like maybe I missed something that he could see and get it to work better. Nope, sorry folks, it didn't work for me. I wasn't expecting a lot, because it is small, but honestly, my hose can do better on its own. Where's the pressure? Again, maybe I got a lemon, but I'm returning it, not exchanging it, and buying a professional one. I can always turn it down if it's too powerful...but can't turn this one up!
Power washed my house twice since I bought this.  i like it alot.  It works great for my small house.  Not a bad price too.
For a few months, I've been using normal kitchen scissors to do some gardening things, like cutting mesh and cutting small plants, and saved my pruning shears for larger plants, since they're a bit more clunky when doing precision trimming.These Fiskars scissors are great for the in-between. For cutting plastic mesh fencing, seed germination blankets, twine, and small plants, there is no better tool! These cut through all those things like butter, and are *much* easier to use than pruning shears for these things.Highly recommended.
I use these for trimming little branches, plant stems, opening bags of mulch & seed packets.  They come apart & go back together very easily and are easy to clean. I just wish they were sharper / better blade. But, I'll admit, I don't baby them.
I got my first pair at the nursery where I worked and just ordered two more because I am constantly misplacing them. Indispensable! I use these more than any other garden implement for trimming and pruning as they are mush more powerful cutters than regular scissors. Not up to heavy duty pruning but work for most maintenance jobs and they keep their edge.
These are best garden shears I have ever found.  They are sharp, well constructed and very comfortable to use.  NO it is NOT a hedge trimmer nor powerful anvil pruner. But for all those many and frequent smaller diameter jobs they are great.  They are perfect for removing old blooms from most everything including roses and for pruning/shaping of most plants.  They also cut paper, cardboard, thin plastic and even plastic garden tubing and netting extremely well, even thinner leather (6 oz or less) is no major problem for these fine little shears.I have two pair of these, one for my garden and one for workshop in garage.  ( I hide the ones in garage, as my better half loves them too and can never find them if she gets hold of them.)Highly recommended!
I bought these locally and they have held up well to all kinds of cutting and having a bit of mud on them from time to time.  Usually I just like to hose down my gardening tools after use so I didn't really need the take apart mechanism.  The bothersome part is that sometimes it comes apart when you are in the middle of trimming.  Otherwise, this is another excellent Fiskars product.
This trimmer was easy to put together right out of the box. One of the only complaints that I have about it is that the trimmer guard falls off quite easily. If you bump the guard into something, it can just fall right off into the blade. If it had a better mechanism to attach it, it would work a lot better.The trimmer works well until you get it into heavy grass. When you are trying to trim in a heavy area, you will have to pull the trimmer out and start over quite a few times. This trimmer would be best suited for light trimming of grass that is not very thick.
This trimmer had decent power for an electric, probably because you plug it in and just have to be careful of the cord. So it definitely got the job done and whacked the weeds down. I really liked the adjustable head that allows you to convert the trimmer into an edger. That's an awesome feature and one I anticipate using often.The problem with this trimmer is threefold.First, it's heavy enough that using it made my back hurt. Yeah, maybe I'm a wimp, but after twenty minutes of trimming, I was ready to lie flat on my back and have a rest. (I'm a 32-year-old landscaper and I lift weights twice per week).Second, it vibrates a lot, so my arms were tired and sore as well.Third, the replacement blades are expensive, almost one-third as much as the trimmer itself. I burned through a good portion of my trimmer's blade just whacking the weeds against my curb (won't do that again). Because of that expense and how fast this plastic-bladed trimmer goes through the blades if it's used near hard surfaces, it's really only a good trimmer if you're using it in places where it's only hitting green stuff.Given the flaws, it's not an ideal solution for people who need to weed-whack often, or do so against a hard surface like concrete. But if you only need a trimmer occasionally and don't mind putting a bit of muscle into it when you do use it, this is a decent low-cost solution for occasional use. I was impressed with how well it did the job, so if you can live with the flaws, this may well be a good solution for you.
After owning this for a while, I am quite pleased with the comfort of use, the durability, and the lightness of the unit.  It feels well built in your hands, and they certainly took time to cater to correct posture during use.Lots of grass, weeds, and brush to deal with in the yard, and this handled it all well.  Even dealing with leaves the mulch did not get in the way of use.  I have yet to have the need to replace the blade, but that is my only gripe.  It does feel costly to replace, but when you count the alternative of other units using cord and the pain of changing it constantly, it may be worth it.It starts up perfectly each time, and the adjustable shaft is quite a plus.  It also feels a lot safer than the string versions.  Pretty good deal all around.
The Sun Joe SB600E Sharper Blade 4.5 Amp String less Electric Grass Trimmer/Edger reviewed here is very Wobbly (It vibrates a lot) and noisy and hard to get used to as you feel tired because of the vibrations using it. It also feels heavier than most String trimmer/edger because of these unwanted vibrations.While it may be conceptually a good idea as it does not need string replacement but it has a major design flaw as the motor is severely underpowered and gets compounded by the semi stiff space age plastic blade whenever it comes in contact with cutting materials like grass or weeds.IMHO, The Plastic blade is not dead center on the motor and it wobbles a lot causing severe vibrations for the person who attempts to use this productI also found that the motor does not have enough power to cut thru' simple grass as even a slight touch on the grass slows the motor down which makes it useless. The Blade may last few months as it does not seem to erode quickly but if you do the math the cost of the blade is still high close to $30 compared to Strings (less than $5) which you can buy and replace easily.Before using this I have used Homelite 13 inch. 4 Amp String Trimmer/Edger which is not sold on Amazon but in local hardware store for less than $30 dollars and had excellent results with it.I still feel that the idea of using \"string blade\" is best as you have virtually unlimited cutting power and you can easily sacrifice the string and keep going at the weeds and grass once you reload them.Sorry! Sun Joe Good Concept, But poor design! - I would not recommend this to anyone!**** Update ****Aug 25, 2011**** ****** ****While most of the points that I had mentioned above are still true, I did give this Edger another try last weekend to clean out some overgrowth and dirt off my backyard. I attempted to re-install the blade again by mounting properly and some of the vibrations were minimized. While it still got under-powered easily if you come close to the intended areas for cleanup, I noticed that by carefully balancing the trimmer and putting it down more slowly and allowing the motor to gain strength I was able to complete my task by some added balancing acts.Having said, I am going to add one star to the original review as it deserves a \"OK\" Status, Simply because the sheer size of the blade, I could clean-up a larger area than possible with a \"string blade\" trimmer/edger.Hope this helps!
I will state from the outset that I HATE YARDWORK. That said, when my Sun Joe Stringless Grass Trimmer/Edger arrived I was faced with a flood of mixed emotions. Eventually I pulled myself away from the television long enough to open the box and quickly assemble this trimmer. I took it outside, looked at my jungle of a yard and just about gave up and went back inside. Nope, I couldn't do that until I at least gave this baby a whirl.Three hours later I was still in my yard, albeit sweaty and sunburned, and it looked as if a professional gardner had moved into my home. This trimmer pretty much kicked the living daylights out of my weeds. It was easy to manipulate, not too heavy and seemed well-balanced. It easily ate through the majority of my weeds, such as overgrown dandelions and those fluffy weeds that you blow on and make a wish. It had a bit more difficulty with the thicker, blackberry type brambles, but with persistence it eventually got through everything.I have never been one to rave over a tool but this one was really impressive. I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because if it had a bit more power it would be perfect. I am very satisfied with my Sun Joe Trimmer and I am almost looking forward to using it again. Almost.
It's funny cause my dear hubby was like a kid in a candy store when this arrived.  Couldn't wait to get out there to try it but what was best was our next door neighbor was using his gas powered trimmer and it crapped out.  Well our neighbor got to try it first and absolutely loved it.  Two hours later dear hubby was out there doing his thing and came in with a smile on his face and proclaiming it's a keeper.So this is what dear hubby and neighbor had to say about this lovely boy toy.1. The shield is bigger on this so provides much more protection.2. It makes less mess than a string trimmer, as in from the knees down to the toes being green from grass throw back.3. This cut through the briars like a knife through cake.  Also did small bushes with thin stems quite easily.4. This trimmer made much, much less noise than the gas powered ones with the string.  It sounds more like a small chainsaw but more tolerable.5. Hubby said it was light to his standards and well balanced.  He's only 5'1 so for a small man this was a plus.6. It did slow down in cutting speed with the thicker tougher stuff.7. The handle is adjustable for different heights of the person/s using them and it still is well balanced.  My neighbor is 6'0 so it was tried and loved in this catagory.8. It did work better on the heavier grass than the lighter stuff.  Also worked good on the edging but beware of hidden rocks.  Hubby nicked the edge of the blade with a rock and took a small piece off.  No harm though as it still in find condition to do more work.As you can see they really gave it a get go.  Yes it's electric so you do have to cart a power cord around but on the brighter side you don't have clouds of smoke or a terrible smell as you do with the gas powered.  AS for the cutting blade, it's make exactly the same on both sides which helps in 
This little (orange) Bodum Fyrkat grill is VERY cute and definitely has a nice design aesthetic.  But, pretty only goes so far, and the consensus in our family is that the small Weber grill is a better grill for portable grilling.PROS:1.  Very Cute;2.  Nice wire racks that fit well inside the grill body;3.  Sturdy feet/legs - grill not wobbly;4.  Clips secure top well, so the grill is easily portable;5.  Decent package instructions - a comprehensive list of what Not To Do, but didn't discuss initial cook - do you \"burn off\" the grill or not?CONS:1.  Handle is a little difficult to turn to expose the top holes (2 of them);2.  Holes in bottom of grill seem a little small (4 of them);3.  The grill cover is too flat and seems to restrict circulation/cooking ability. At times, coals wanted to go out.The Bodum grill works, and your food will be grilled, but we think our little portable Weber does a better job because the Weber design seems to allow for a better cook/circulation.
I wish I had one of these back in my younger days when my wife and I would take our hibachi with us for a picnic. I've done hundreds of steaks, chops, and burgers on that old cast iron hibachi and it wasn't any where even close to as nice as this is for those small BBQ dinners. Now that I'm single again I'm using this over my pricey gas grill. With the gas grill I missed the charcoal flavoring that you get when cooking with something like this. Besides being a little on the pricey side this could have the vents in the top placed out away from the handle a little instead of right under it. True, it vents better with them in the top but it makes it easy to get burned if your not careful so be sure to use a glove when removing the lid. With the clamps for the lid it makes it easy to transport it with out worrying about it spilling it inside the car, van, SUV, or back of the pickup. I don't recommend transporting it with live coals in it though.Overall it depends on how much you want to spend on a small portable grill. There's some that are a little cheaper that may work a little better but in the end they are all pretty much the same. They are made to hold fire with a grill over it to cook on. And this one does it as well as any other that I've used. It still doesn't matter what kind or style of grill you use if you don't know how to do it right. Having one over another wont make you a better cook if you don't know how to cook with charcoal in the first place.
The Bodum Fyrkat 13.4\" Grill is a great little grill for backyard/camping grilling.  It has a rubber-coated handle as well as rubber coated grill cover clamps - which can come in handy when around hot steel.  In addition to Orange, the Fyrkat also comes in three other colors for those people who are tired of the basic black.  The lid handle also turns to actuate the air vents in the lid which is a nice feature.  The charcoal platform/ash collector is removable to allow for separate cleaning.  This should theoretically allow for the interior to stay extremely clean, since the charcoal bits will fall into a separate compartment, and not the bottom of the grill as with a Weber model, but so far I haven't been able to figure out how to remove this piece w/o some of the burned charcoal rolling off into the bottom of the grill.  Guess I need more practice.Big drawback and why I've lowered it to 3 Stars is that the grill is very expensive.  List price is $94.99 which is REALLY high considering comparable portable grills such as the much cheaper Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill (lists at $34.70, Amazon sells at $29.70) or Weber's upgrade model the 40020 Smokey Joe Gold Charcoal Grill (lists at $39.70, Amazon sells at $34.70).  Considering I see little difference in actual operation and function between the Bodum and Weber grills (especially between the Fyrkat and the Smokey Joe Silver - both of which I now own), I'm wondering what you are paying for in the additional $60.  The rubber-coated devices, although a really nice touch, and a little higher quality construction can't be worth almost 200% more can it?Good grill, but unless the color variations and rubber-coated handles really do it for you, seems like a little pricey for a backyard/camping/tailgate grill - unless you are using it to cook your Salmon and Bris...******** UPDATE **********(9 July, 2012) Word to the wise - DO NOT LOSE ANY PART OFF THIS GRILL!!!  I recently left the grill top at a park after a cookout and after looking around Bodum's website and after several calls to their customer service line, I learned that they DO NOT sell replacement grill tops (or for that matter, any kind of spare parts).  One guy took my name and number and said that he'd call me back if they took a grill on return (still hearing crickets chirping...).  So now I am left with a charcoal grill that I already thought was somewhat pricey but now it has no cooktop.  Of course, Bodum's kettle is a non-standard diameter so no other brand makes a grating that perfectly fits into the space (not even Webber and their many different sized options) so I'm left with either improvising a cooktop that doesn't fit or retrofitting the interior of the kettle to make the replacement grate that I bought fit.  I chose the former and went with a larger grill that we can lay over the kettle - and - we've only used it once since.  A crying shame...******** UPDATE **********(27 March, 2014) Bodum is in the process of discontinuing this product and has increased the price to $94.99.  I've updated my review to reflect this new price.
It's almost as if the Bauhaus was resurrected in a miniature scale.  This simple shape accented by a pure design oriented base makes grilling an art as well as a basic skill borne of necessity.  The interior is just as delightfully artsy and effective as the exterior: simplicity engaging many functions.  It literally becomes performance art as the flames coat the entire work in another hue; above all it works just fine.
This is a great little porch grill. When you've got a small grilling job or you're just limited on space this little guy does the trick. Product design was well thought out. The handle for the lid is insulated so you won't burn yourself and the bottom of the grill clamps to the lid so you pick up the whole thing for easy portability. Rugged construction should last several years. My only complaint is that i wish the base were a little wider and that it came with an ash/drip pan for the bottom. Other than that it's perfect.
Even though the grill arrived nested in two other boxes, it was damaged. The top cover was dented in 3 places with small chips of orange paint all over the inside the box.
This would be my first grill, being that I live in a small apartment without a patio I need something small. We ended up taking this out to the courtyard to cook some sausages and burgers. It can definitely hold its own against a larger grill, that's for sure. Surprisingly, this grill held 5 large Italian Sausages with no problems whatsoever. Later on we were able to cook 2 lbs of hamburger (split into 6 patties) all at the same time. Once you figure out how much charcoal is needed, grilling is a breeze. Beforehand we didn't have enough and the burgers started falling apart. To extinguish I simply placed the lid on the grill, closed the vent and set it in the middle of my garage floor. It was cold that night about 8 hours later.We will definitely be taking this on our camping trip to Colorado later in the year. I would highly recommend it to apartment dwellers!!!
Got this from Amazon a few weeks ago, and we love it. Bright orange it is, but as bold of a color it packs, it also has a lot of room for grilling. Perfect for tailgate parties, or taking to a picnic area. Runs on charcoal, and fluid to start it. Tastes great, works great and looks great. One thing though, be careful when picking it up when you're done using it. The handle is by the holes for vents, and it makes the handle hot. Make sure it's cool before taking it back into your vehicle. Great product, and I would recommend it to all picnic-ers, and party animals.
This grill has a great compact design. It looks great. The construction is excellent and it seems very sturdily-built.The lid attaches to the grill base through the use of three latches. This means you can store some supplies in it, latch the lid, and carry the whole thing with the top handle. The top handle rotates to expose two adjustable ventilation holes. Unfortunately, the lack of any heat-resistant side handles is disappointing, especially if you need to move the grill once it's lit. I know the manufacturer warns against moving a hot grill, but sometimes it's just necessary.There is a charcoal tray that you place into the lower section of the grill, which has a small grate, onto which you place the charcoal. This allows air to circulate below the charcoal, and allows the ashes to settle into a tray below them. This makes it somewhat easier to clean the ashes from the grill.The cooking grate fits loosely onto the top of the grill, but can't fall into the grill. The lid fits rather well onto the grill, which proves that the design is well-thought out. However, the problems start once you put the lid on the grill.Maybe it's because the grill is so small, maybe it's because the ventilation holes are too small, or maybe it's the charcoal I'm using -- but once I put the lid on the grill to trap the heat and cook the food evenly, the charcoal is nearly smothered. The first time I used the grill, the charcoal was extinguished within 30 minutes even though the ventilation holes were completely opened. The second time I used the grill, I made sure I took the lid off at regular intervals to avoid smothering the coals. The coals were cooler when I first removed the lid, but they got hotter within two minutes. The grill basically starves the coals of air. There are small ventilation holes in the bottom of the grill, but I feel this combination of lower and upper holes just isn't enough to sustain combustion. It might be best to keep the lid off, but that results in an uneven cooking experience.It's an annoying cooking experience, to say the least.Am I completely disapoointed? No, because this is a good grill to keep handy when you either just want to throw something quick on a grill, or when you need to take a small grill to a certain location (picnic, tailgating, etc.). It will cook \"OK\", but it's not great.
This feeder is not the most favorite among the hummingbirds in my neighborhood. It is still serving its purpose. Stays well on the window pane.
We have other larger hummer feeders in our yard but in such an area that we cannot see them regularly.  This is the best window hummingbird feeder we have ever had.  We have one outside our kitchen window.  The bright little hummers with their on and off visits brighten up our day.  These feeders stay stuck to the window, clean up well and fill up easily.  These attributes is what makes this feeder the best.
I really expected this to fall right off my window or be snubbed by the humming birds.  My husband mocked me for trying.  It took about a week before the hummers learned to ignore our movements.  Now we frequently have hummers to watch as we drink coffee in the morning - right there about a foot away from us.  Pretty cool.
I have had no issues with it falling off. Other reviewers didn't know how to mount suction cups. Its larger than it looks. Quite large capacity. The huge ant moat is something you don't need to fill to the brim if you just add a little detergent to the water in the moat to ensure ants sink instead of swim. Well made. Dropped several times onto patio and concrete and didn't crack or shatter.
However the yellow jackets and ants loved it. Even with the water well filled the yellow jackets were constantly trying to get inside.  (Last summer they were AWFUL!)  It sticks to the glass OK.  The Hummers preferred the &#34;regular&#34; feeder and avoided this one completely.
I would recommend this as a gift or buy another. That said, it is easy for insects to fill up in both the food container and surrounding &#34;moat&#34;. I've put soap in the moat to deter insects
Hummingbirds love this feeder! Once they get used to it, they will fly right up to your window and drink the nectar a few feet away while you watch them. After setting the Aspects Jewel Box Window feeder and two other hummingbird feeders out, we spotted a very skittish hummingbird in our yard within 24 hours.  Within 72 hours we had hummingbirds one and two at a time and using the Jewel Box regularly.  One week later, we get visitors several times an hour and two of them are bold enough to use the Jewel Box while we watch from the other side of the window.The design is brilliant.  The unit is easy to mount on your window (with suction cups), very easy to clean, exceedingly easy to take in and out for cleaning and refilling, and it comes with a removable ant moat (which you fill with water, not nectar, and which we don't use since ants don't readily climb glass). The feeder is made in the USA, and fashioned out of durable, tough, safe polycarbonate, which will not leach chemicals and is resistant to fading in the sun. The recipe for nectar is molded into the bottom of the feeder (4 parts water, 1 part sugar), and the side of the feeder is calibrated to show the number of ounces of nectar.If you want to watch hummingbirds up close, get this feeder! (We also highly recommend the Aspects HummZinger High View feeder.)
This is a very handy feeder that attaches to your window.  It is great for my cats to watch the birds but safe also for the birds.
I love the compactness of this. It has an ant moat which is fine for the crawlers, but the fliers (flying ants and fruit files) still get in there - probably an issue for all hummingbird feeders.  I love that it attaches to the window so I can see the one hummingbird that comes to feed at it, however, the fruit flies are finding their way into my house.  I might have to trade this in for a hanging one that I can put further from the house.
I love feeding the birds, and especially appreciate feeding hummers since here in New England we only get one species that comes this far north.  And then only in summer.  I have another hanging feeder in the yard that can be viewed from the back deck, but not easily from any windows.  This little jewel fits nicely on the window with the suction cups provided, and so far its been a success with the hummers finding and feeding off it.  I really like it a lot and plan on buying a second one for another window. As for some other observations, there is no doubt that this feeder is pricey for what you get.  You can buy a lot bigger ones that are not window models for less.  But a look around Amazon at other hummer window feeders shows me that you are getting no more soaked with this Aspects model than you are with any other.  As for the suction cups, they could be better but so far I have had no problems with them keeping it up.  (Press on them daily, and reapply on a clean surface when you clean it is a good idea).  Lastly, one thing that plaques all hummer feeders is ants.  Some of us more fortunate don't have as much of a problem with ants as others for whatever reason.  But if you are one to have an ant problem, (yes I am one of them), just keep in mind that this baby has a great little moat built into it that keeps the little buggers at bay very nicely.  It's not very big or deep so you have to check it often in hot weather, but if there is any water in it at all the ants can't get across it. Love that feature. A really nice feeder that is well thought out and sturdy enough to last for quite a few seasons to come... Enjoy  : )
There is a very short screw which goes into each suction cup and not very far for support. It will hold just the nectar cup ok but once you add the surrounding water reservoir which is needed to keep out ants the whole apparatus tends to fall from your window .The brackett needs to be redesigned so the suction cups are not held on by two half-inch screws. Too much weight on screws into the rubberized plastic. In time it will fail.Also the inserts they offer to go into the port holes wont stay. But 
Easy to clean, sturdy hummingbird feeder.  The reservoir is not very large, but I like that as it forces the user to regularly replace the nectar/not waste nectar that hasn't been eaten but is &#34;expired&#34; in the feeder.  The ant moat is a nice addition.  Overall a nice little feeder!
I had my doubts about this feeder...wasn't quite sure if the humming birds would get so close to a very busy window (I used the suction cups and put it on the window over my kitchen sink). It took a week, maybe ten days, and they made their way to this feeder! They didn't stay long for the first few visits, but after that, they seemed to feel really comfortable with all the movement in the kitchen and just sat and drank! We love it! As far as the feeder goes, it's not failed us yet in any way shape or form! We've had it up for about two months. It hasn't fallen once. I would think, as with other suction cups being exposed to the elements, you might have to remove the feeder (and cups) from the window, and clean them (along with the window) and then re-attach them. I love the cleaning ease of this feeder! Pop open the top and clean it out! I love that it doesn't have those fake little flower petal things that just get all gummed up; the holes are a perfect size to clean with a couple of quick swishes of an old toothbrush...and that doesn't have to be done every time.I love the fact that I can put my screen up and reach right outside to take it off to clean it and fill it! Easy peasy! I don't have a problem with ants (fortunately) so I can't really comment on the ant moat (I'm not using it). I am gradually phasing out all my older feeders (with the fake little yellow flower petals for feeding holes!) and have been replacing them with the Aspects feeders!
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E.g., see Science Daily \"Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally\", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles. The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed.)I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. I received a reply from Carol that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders. She also said they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder. Let's encourage them to change that stance!I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment.Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many _great_ properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so.There are many hummingbird feeders out there.  Aspects is the primary manufacturer using BPA that I am aware of.  If you like this feeder, consider alternatives from other brands.
These folks really know their hummingbird feeders.  This is the only brand I will buy from now on and I have 8 hummingbird stations.
After being very happy with theAspects 153 Mini Hummzinger Hummingbird Feeder, 8-Ounce(I have one Aspects-branded one and one Wild Birds Unlimited-branded one), I wanted to find something that didn't need a sheperd's hook or other hanger, so I could get it closer to my window.Upon unpacking this feeder, I was surprised by how sturdy it was. The plastic is not at all flimsy and it feels like it will be durable for long service. Another pleasant surprise was that the ant moat is removable, which reduces the size, weight, and number of things to clean, which is always welcome.As you may have found by reading other reviews, the suction cups are on a separate bracket, which is the hanger for the feeder. This allows you to remove the feeder for cleaning and refilling very easily. Whether it's because I'm not using the ant moat, or the design has been updated, or I'm just fortunate, I have had no trouble whatsoever with the suction cups staying where I put them. The screws seemed to be adequate for the job. I also haven't had any birds larger than an oriole check out the feeder, so the mounting system hasn't been put under duress.I have found that the latch keeping the red flip-up lid closed is difficult to open one-handed. This makes it tricky to just refill the feeder if it doesn't need cleaning, but that hasn't come into play too much. So far this summer, the juice has needed to be replaced every couple of days, and I just clean the feeder at that time anyway.This leads me into the only other issue that I've run into, which is the 8 ounce liquid capacity of the feeder. For those who have lots of hungry hummingbirds, I'm sure the full capacity of the feeder is great, but we don't go through that much juice before it spoils, so I usually only fill it half-way. The well of the feeder is fairly deep, and I'm concerned that some birds might not be able to reach the juice if it's not filled higher, but so far they seem to be OK with it. That's a minor issue, and it probably isn't even a problem for birds skilled at getting nectar from tubular flowers.I highly recommend this feeder, as well as the 8 and 12-ounce feeders made by this company. This feeder is just as easy to clean (the primary benefit to the dish-style feeders that Aspects makes) and by having it stuck to the window, it gets the birds even closer to where they can be seen while feeding.I don't often give five-star ratings, but I think this hummingbird feeder deserves it!
I use this very convenient feeder in tandem with a more traditional feeder to give a &#34;one-two punch&#34; to the garden window attached to our dining room.  I like it a lot!
UPDATE 12/1/2011:So here we are, a year later and I'm updating my review.  I changed the rating from 4 stars to 5 stars because this product definitely works and never fails me.  Anyone who knows about houseplants will tell you that 90% of the time no matter which brand you choose, you WILL get a bag of potting soil that has fungus gnat larva inside.Having expanded my houseplant collection over the year, it's a neverending battle as long as you keep using new bags of soil. The last soil I had was probably the worst in terms of fungus gnat infestation (Miracle Gro Moisture Control). The problem with this soil is that it is \"Specially formulated to hold up to 25% more water than native soil.\" What this means is that this soil will stay moist and one of the surefire way to get rid of fungus gnats is to let the soil dry out. So when you put two & two together, you realize that you can't really dry out this potting soil to control the fungus gnats (like I did). And because this potting soil is formulated to stay moist, the fungus gnats kept multiplying forever. Because of this, please do not EVER buy this potting soil unless you're using it for outside plants.My reinfestation emerged because I started an herb garden in a rectangular flower container and used about half a bag of that terrible soil mentioned in the previous paragraph. Because these were seedlings sprouts that sprouted from seeds, I really couldn't resort to letting the soil dry out because 1) that potting soil is extremely hard to dry out and 2) seedlings need to be watered, else they will die.  The reason I didn't use my remaining gnatrol (about 2 tablespoons worth) is because I didn't know how to buy it again. Amazon didn't sell any more of it after my initial purchase in 2010 and until a month ago, they didn't restock it. It seems they are carrying it again (which I'm very thankful for) and I ordered another 60 grams.60 grams of Gnatrol will last you about a year for about 10 medium sized houseplants and the previous container lasted about 13 months. What I've learned with the usage (and reading on the Internet about how BTI works) is that Gnatrol is only effective for roughly 72 hours after the initial drench. After you drench your plants with the mixture, it is wise to drench it again every 4th day until you see your fungus gnat infestation go away. The BTI in Gnatrol will work very quick and even just the initial drench will minimize the population, but depending on your infestation, you will probably need to do several applications.Again, it does nothing to the adults, so your best bet is to just smash them, vaccuum them, or whatever until they die (a 7 day life cycle).PREVIOUS REVIEW:Ever since I started growing houseplants, I've had a bad infestation of fungus gnats. I found that the bag of potting soil I purchased from the store was the culprit and tried almost everything known to man to try & get rid of them. Finally being fed up with it, I created my own concoction of outdoor pesticides and although it got rid of the gnats, it almost killed all my houseplants.My plants came back to life after I drenched the treated soil with plain water, but this was over a year and half ago. I decided to repot my plants recently and ran into the same infestation of fungus gnats once more after getting another bag of potting soil.My girlfriend threatened to throw my plants away, but I promised her I'd take care of it. Fearing for the life of my plants and not wanting them to go through the same near-death experience, I bought several indoor insect sprays (Neem Oil, pesticides based on Chrysanthemums, etc). Unfortunately none of them worked.I did more research on the Internet and found \"Gnatrol\" (AKA BTI) is one of the common solutions to fungus gnat larva. Not wanting to go through \"no name\" Internet stores, a quick browsing search resulted in me choosing Amazon as my retailer of choice.My infestation was pretty bad. I had at least 20+ fungus gnats flying around on a particular plant and in the soil. Before Gnatrol, I had to opt to use a vacuum cleaner to suck them up on a daily basis until my Gnatrol came in the mail. I ordered the 60 gram container of Gnatrol from BetterGrow Hydro. This is actually more than enough. I haven't even used the full gallon of drench I created from the mixture and probably have enough for 15 more gallons for further treatment. There is a shelf life for Gnatrol, so if you don't anticipate using all of it in a timely manner, you'll probably be wasting it.Finally after receiving the Gnatrol, I followed the instructions on the container for \"bad infestations\" and drenched all my houseplants with it.Information on Gnatrol (BTI) on the Internet states that Gnatrol will only affect fungus gnat larva. It will do nothing to adult fungus gnats. Furthermore, the average life span for a fungus gnat adult is 7 days.Today is day number 6. I inspected my plants thoroughly this morning and only found 2 fungus gnats on the houseplant with the worst infestation. The Gnatrol seems to be working. Despite the fact that 2 adult flies are on my plants, it's possible that those were adults from the day I drenched my plants with Gnatrol. We'll see if there are any more left over in the next couple days.
Took a couple applications but it got rid of my gnat problem in a safe way that doesnt affect my tomatoes.
This product works great! I often get fungus gnats in my greenhouse. I was using mosquito dunk granules but this works much faster. Same product but higher concentration and easier to dissolve.
I purchased this product for my house plants, greenhouse, and cuttings containers.  To tell the truth, I saw no difference in the amount of fungus gnats whatsoever.  But the reason I'm specifically displeased with it, is that it seemed to inhibit root formation on my cuttings.  The container (plastic tote) that was untreated had a lot of fungus gnats as usual, but the cuttings quickly grew roots just as I expected them to.  In the two containers that were treated with gnatrol, few of the cuttings survived at all, but the ones that did were painfully slow to form roots and even after rooting most of them eventually succumbed due to unidentifiable factors. The only difference in play was the addition of this product, so that is where I'm placing blame.Didn't help a bit, and possibly caused harm...not to mention a little pricey.  I'm not going to be a return customer for this item.
I think I've tried everything now to get rid of fungus gnats.  This stuff didn't do much if anything.  The yellow stickies caught bunches but barely slowed them.  I let the plants dry until nearly dead, I tried teas, spices, soaps, Neem, and everything else I found or heard about. I finally got rid of them by scraping off the top 1\" layer of soil and replacing it with sand.
I waited to write this as it is both difficult and unfair to review a stick in a 4&#34; pot.  This is one of two plants I ordered from 9GreenBox and both have been exceptional specimens once they got going.  You can get similar plants in a much larger size at Wal-Mart for about the same to as little as half the price of these when you include shipping, but both of the plants I purchased have grown into extremely good examples of their species, such that I would say that it is worth the few months of extra grow time if all of their plants are of this high quality.  They did also send follow-up emails asking about how satisfied I was with their products, which was nice as far as showing that they cared, but everything I've ever ordered in a 4&#34; pot has looked like a stick in a pot when it showed up here.  That is just part of the curse of mail order.  They did ship both plants with proper packing including taping paper over the top of the pots so that it would be impossible for the dirt to shift out of the container.  I could not be more pleased with this plant, or the banana I also ordered from 9greenbox.
Arrived well packaged and protected with moist soil. Transplanted and placed outside. Blooms have started in the last week and I'm looking forward to the fruit.
It came very quickly. It was in very good condition but very small. I guess I should of read the description better. It was a miniature for sure. I will have to wait and see if it will bear fruit.
great little tree so far...still kicking after a winter season indoor...likes to try and bloom a lot though sadly no pomegranates yet...buy hey the thing is still not too big
I ordered this plant almost a month ago, and it arrived in late March. It sits in a south facing window, or goes outside on warm days. When the plant arrived, it was about 6 or 7 inches big, just a long stalk,a few leaves, and no side shoots. About 7-10 days ago, I noticed little leaves growing out of the stalk, towards the bottom. Now, i have lots of side branching where those leaves started, and the tree has grown at least two inches....all this in about 2 weeks. After the plant gets a little size to it, and I see the pot it came in to have roots reaching the bottom, I'll transplant the pomegrante into a small container. Even if you want a bonsai, its best to let the trunk get big for a year or two, so it looks like a tree. Then, reduce the planter size to a bonsai pot, trim the roots a bit, and cut the top growing branch. As long as you have good lateral growth, you can get your plant to bonsai after a couple of years of solid growth. I'm sure this Pomegrante tree will EXPLODE with growth this summer. Depending on how nice it looks, I might not even bonsai the tree. Definately pleased so far, with how vigorous and healthy the mini-pomegrante tree is.15 MONTHS LATERThe tree did well its first growing season, and was covered with flowers by the end of the summer. These pomegranate blooms are orange red in color,with pedals dropping off to reveal a small bud, that MIGHT grow into a little pomegranate.  Of all those flowers that appeared in late summer, only ONE turned into a tiny pomegranate. Over the winter, you MUST keep the plant above 42 degrees. Below that point, the leaves turn yellow and drop. (The tree cant take a frost, tho.) I noticed that MOST of the summer leaves dropped, but not all. There were a few yellowish leaves, and some weak growth, over the winter.  I kept it in an unheated bedroom, in a south facing window. It required VERY LITTLE WATER.  When April came around, I started to take it outside for the warm days. The leaves that were on the plant, were yellow and yellow green. However, by MAY (14 months after purchase) the leaves were healthy green, and the plant was in its growth phase. It's now late June, and the plant has grown quite a bit. Also, its growing its flowers already...some will bloom this week! Altho the leafy part of the plant has grown, I have not seen any significant growth in the trunk since last year. But trunk growth is erratic, and may not get its blast until fall, when I hope the main branches off the trunk may also gain some girth. It might take at least 2 or 3 years of trunk growth, until you can prune the root ball, and the branches, placing the tree in a bonsai pot. You might as well wait til you grow the pomegranate trunk the way you like it, coz it wont grow much after cutting the roots. I look forward to what the summer and fall holds in store, for this plant.
there very large but excellent pots no drip with water ,I bought two and I'm loving them thanks great buy9/7/13
The Fiskars Pots are exactly what we needed for our garden.  The color matches the photo and the self-watering disk will help monitor soil moisture.  A high quality garden pot by a top notch manufacturer.  Service was great from the supplier!
THIS IS A NICE COLOR POT CORRECT SIZE AND CAME FATS ... I REALLLY  LOVE TEH AMAZON PRIME ITS WORTH EVERY PENNYBUT THIS ONES SELF WATERING FEATURE I DONT LIKE  BECAUSE IT HAS A DISK ON THE BOTTOM WHICH  IS NICE TO PREVENMT ROTTING . HOWEVER , YOU MUST PUNCH OUT SEVERAL HOLES ON THE BOTTOM OF IT SO THAT MEANS I HAVE TO BUY A PLATE TO CATCH WATER  IT SHOULD HAVE INCLUDED THE TRAY THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN PERFECT
I like this pot it is really quite pretty.  I did have to drill holes in it for drainage though, because I don't like to take a chance on over-watering my plants.
Fiskars 6 inch ArianaThe 6 inch pot is very short and small in diameter. I'd only recommend it for smaller plants. It is slightly bigger than my fist and goes up to my wrist. The 8 inch pot is much larger, it is deceptive that there's only a 2 inch difference. There's an internal drainage tray designed for pots, but I've been pouring soil directly into the pot. I never liked ceramic pots because they are heavy and sometimes the less expensive ones are very porous, causing the bottoms to grow mold. These plastic pots may feel cheap, but they are clean and easier to use, and very durable.Overall: 5/5 stars
Wonderful flower pots for the price. Size is very  good. Don't have to fill to very top for nice sized plants. Fill fuller for larger plants. Plan  to use for mosquito plants. Will be interesting.Pots are great for the price!
Great pot for indoor or outdoor use.  I bought it for an some flowers on my outdoor porch.  It is such a nice color and it looks like a clay pot, which is a nice bonus.  It is a great size for one or two flowers.  I am impressed with Fiskars pots.
Per the Amazon description:\"Product DescriptionSteven Raichlen Best of Barbecue Dual Handle Large Grill Brush is styled with forged stainless steel and ergonomic Pakkawood handle. A wide grill brush doubles cleaning efficiency. The long handle gives extra reach for getting across the grill and staying out of the heat. An additional handle on the back of the grill brush head provides for two-handed leverage for putting some shoulder into the scouring a hot grill. Brush head is 4-inch square. with brass bristles. Overall length is 19-1/2-inches.\"This brush, while seemingly heavy-duty and nice, is NOT what the description says - it has STAINLESS STEEL BRISTLES, NOT BRASS!Weber, the maker of my Summit gas grill, says NOT to use stainless steel bristles on the stainless steel grates, as they will scratch.  I bought this brush specifically because it SAID \"brass bristles\" and that the bristle head was replaceable.  Guess I'll have to look for a brass-bristled replacement head now, but it irks me that the head that came with it is useless to me!  AND not what the description says it is!  Grrrrrrr.
These tongs are sturdy and have no problem gripping and holding heavy brisket, pork butt or simalar large heave cuts of meat. they are nice and long and have a pretty decent feeling wooden handle. I love 'em and got a great price for them. If you smoke or grill these are for you. I have not found a single thing that I don't like about them.
The tongs work extremely well. They do not twist and drop the food. The length is excellent.Makes grilling a pleasure. The (non-wood) handles allow the tongs to be dishwasher safe.
I'd give this five stars if they hadn't used wood for the handles. Regardless of the wood, I still put it through the dish washer and it hasn't hurt it.
Solid tong, perfect length for the larger 22 inch Weber grill.Pakkawood handle is nice, also provide some weather protection if left outdoor.
This glove is great for picking up hot objects.  You cant pick up the actual food with these gloves because they are cloth gloves.
No more oven mitts or rags for me. This is perfect for grilling multiple items, such as bacon-wrapped corn in tin foil as you can grab them directly for flipping and removal and wont damage the foil. You cannot feel any heat when working over the flame/meat. Great product
I bought two of these and have used them several times now, and there is no distinguishable difference between these and a standard $5-$7 oven mitt where it REALLY counts, protection when touching/carrying hot cookware straight off the grill or out of the oven. The heat from very hot items penetrates these pricey little boogers just as quickly as it does standard oven mitts. You won't be lifting your hot cast iron bbq grate out of your grill with these... not more than once, anyway.While you can get pretty much the same amount of thermal protection from cheapo oven mitts, having articulated thumbs and fingers might just make the expense of these worth it to you, but only marginally. The form factor does have advantages over oven mitts, for the same reason that most people prefer gloves over mittens in cold weather: dexterity. While oven mitts can be a little on the clumsy side, these do allow your hands and fingers to work as they are meant to, and that can come in handy, ie when using grill tools like tongs.The gloves are very large in appearance, but not so much that the size gets in the way when working. In spite of their large appearance, the fit inside is extremely snug on an average size man's hand. You actually have to work to get them on all the way.Bottom line: I think they're a little overhyped in most of the reviews here, and a little overpriced based purely on the thermal protection they provide. I'm sure the glove design explains some of the price, but the protection doesn't justify it in my opinion. You might wanna consider them for use as winter gloves though, I think they'd be great for that!I hope some of you find my review helpful in making a more well informed purchasing decision! Peace to all reading :-)
I've had a pair of these for about a  year now and even though they have faided a bit, they still do their job. But caution must be used, the gloves will be rendered useless if they get wet or you have sweaty hands; the moisture will allow heat to build up and cause burns. The instructions clearly state that the gloves must be kept dry when grilling.Also, these are not oven mits, so do not expose them to direct heat for prolonged periods of time. They are meant for those short moments when you are grilling and need to get close to the heat source, for which, they do a decent, but not perfect job; which is the reason for the 4 star rating, they do get hot quick and so I have to remove my hand from the heat and let them cool.As for their physical aspect, they are well stitched and have lasted over a year. I even left them outside for a couple of months, and they still held together.This aren't perfect, but do a decent job.
This was a gift for my son. He has a smoker.  Just let me know that in addition to protecting his hand from burns he wanted to know where I got it, (Amazon.com) He wants to purchase another one. That is the highest rating that a product can get. I would recommend this product to anyone that works with their hand or hands around charcoal grills, smokers, or anything else with high heat.
I bought this late last year as I wanted something to lift a screen off a fire pit I have.  I also have a pair of leather gloves I bought from Amazon for using with fire.  The leather gloves didn't work unless I took them off and folded them in half, only then could I lift the screen off without feeling too much heat.  Now, this glove, cheaper than the leather, worked great last night.  I was able to lift off the screen last night to throw on another log and did not feel any heat in my fingers.  The glove is thick but with it being all fabric, it is easy to get on and off and makes it easy to move the fingers to work quickly near the fire.  I think I will buy another for a spare.  This glove is well worth the reasonable price that it is.
but it is not very easy to get on, so often I just use it as a hot pad and not put it on
I used these pots for my house plants love it , an the no drip bottoms are great thank you worth every penny 9/7/13
This pot is perfect for me.  The quality is wonderful and upon receipt it is very nice looking and looks like heavy terra cotta material but classier!  I am going to plant marigold seeds in this 8 inch pot and the yellow marigolds and chocolate planter will look great!  This will add to the fall decor I am planning for outside.  I can rely on the Fiskars product and prefer the durability over other planters on the market.
This pot is the perfect size. I planted my herb garden in it, and was able to easily fit 4 herbs (hopefully they grow!). 20 inch is a perfect size around and it is pretty deep pot too! I love the chocolate color, and it fits in perfectly on my deck. Soon I will have fresh picked herbs for my cooking.
I gave it a 3 because if you want to use it outside or you are one of those people that tend to over water your plants, you have to drill holes in the bottom for drainage.  Also mine came without the self watering disk, so I had no choice but to drill the holes in it.
Fiskars 8 inch Ariana Flower PotThis pot was slightly larger than I wanted for the office and home, I felt the 6 inch would probably be a more appropriate size. That said, the 8 inch still fits fine in an office and home environment for a small plant but provides enough room for its roots.The pot is actually made in the USA! The construction and design is exemplary. It is plastic, but seems far more durable than the typical cheap plastic pots made in Developing nations. The plastic is lightweight but durable.There is a self-watering disk advertised, but I could not figure out how to use it. I did some Google searches and they mentioned drilling holes to mount hoses, etc&#8230; What I did was just pour soil on top of the disk and use that raised area as a drainage for excess water. There is a small plug on the bottom of the pot that can be punched out for drainage of water. I recommend using either a dish/tray to catch that drainage, or to not over water your plant.Overall: 5/5 stars, a bit pricey for an inexpensive pot but the quality is very apparent, and it is made in the USA.
Small and thin product but does what I wan it gor,  Growing pennyroyal in it an it is great for hanging, I am gladd  i got it, Thanks
I purchased these 16-Inch for 11 dollars online at the online auction eBay. For 11 bucks these are nice.  I personally over water instead of underwater. I made a hole on the side to help drain water, specially for those few rainy days yet, retain the reservoir feature.  I would have liked a plug which I could remove if I wanted to drain or not much like my Adams 36-Inch Deck Planter. The Planter/Pot looks very beautiful, I like it. The plastic is a bit too thin for my taste.  For the price Amazon wants for these, at least at the time I'm writing this review (16.99), there are better values.  Checkout Item #: 192858 at Lowes, it's in the shape of a wine barrel.  It's easily 3 to 4 times thicker plastic.  As a matter of fact, it's the thickest plastic I've ever seen on a planter and it cost less than this one 14.97 plus is 20 Inches. Maybe if I had not seen the Garden Treasures 12-1/4-in H x 20-1/2-in W x 20-1/2-in D Walnut Plastic Indoor/Outdoor Planter I would have been in love with these Fiskars.  The 20-inch Garden Treasures planter needs holes drill on the bottom and it does not provide a reservoir which for me it's not a big problem.  I realize better is relevant, for someone who forgets to water, needs a prettier planter, a specific color, smaller planter, etc. the Fiskars 16-inch might be more appropriate. I don't think these are cheap just not as thick.  I have similar planter as these from Wallyworld and it has lasted me 4 years, so far. Would I buy it again?  Maybe, depends on the price and my current needs but, I'm more inclined to purchase the Wine Barrel like planter all things being equal. Hope this help, happy Gardening!
I have a small yard and love to garden, so I use pots for my flowers and veggies.  Pots are way more convenient than a regular garden.  You can move your pot to better place if not doing well where you put them.  Weeding is much easier too.  Usually I plant in 10\" black nursery pots and put them into more decorative foam pots.  I needed some 8\" pots and found these.  They are very nice looking and about the right size so I ordered a bunch.  They look just as good as the picture, hard to tell they are plastic.  The bonus is you can make them a self watering pot.  Each one has an insert in the bottom which allows for a water reservoir.  If you're putting outside in the open I recommend drilling a small hole in the side just about level with the top of the insert to allow water to drain.  I've done this with similar pots and it works really well.  This way you don't have to water as often.  If you want there is a \"punch out\" in the bottom marked with a cross which allows drainage at the bottom.  Considering the looks and the drainage options these are excellent for the money.
I purchased this pot to plant my large house plant in it.  I was so pleased with the color and the design of the pot.  The color is a very rich chocolate brown just what I expected. My plant is out doors for the summer because it looks so nice on my front porch.  I am very impressed with this pot.  I would purchase more in different sizes.
OK so what I REALLY want is to convert our deck into a conservatory that you can remove the glass from in summer and replace with screening.  That isn't too much to ask, is it?  (If you're a movie-star, it isn't!)So until I become rich and famous, I ordered this to make our summer outdoor meals a little more pleasant.  I only expected it to keep the bugs off, but I was pleasantly surprised at how it also improved the ambiance of my little outdoor dinette set.  The black color of the screening makes it feel SO much cooler under the umbrella.  Maybe it actually IS cooler (I'll have to test that with a thermometer sometime!) but it really feels much less like you're being blasted by late-afternoon sun.I haven't had the problems other reviewers had with the water bladder around the bottom leaking.  This may be because I didn't fill it very full - not halfway, really.  Water is pretty heavy - you don't need a lot of it to weigh something down (and we've had a couple of high-wind storms since I put it up, and they didn't affect it at all.)  I also figured the black color would make it really swell up in hot sunlight so I left it kind of flaccid.  It works great that way, even though we are always kicking it back and forth across our splintery deck to get it out of the way, and it tolerates this abuse just fine.  (We kick it in toward the dinette when we want to make the diameter smaller, to get around it to get to the grill and/or yard, and then when we're eating inside the screen, we kick the bottom outward to maximize the space inside.  Oh, yes, the space inside is MORE than adequate when the bottom is extended out all the way!)It probably WOULD be easier to install on your patio umbrella with two people, but I have to to everything myself around here, so I've become pretty resourceful about that.  Here's how I did it all by myself:  Just lay the open umbrella down gently on its side, on two of its ribs while it's open (I didn't even bother to remove it from the center of the table to do this - just tilted the whole assemblage) Then drape the screen over it with the adjustable hole in the middle.  To adjust the height/fit so that the water-filled bladder will reach to the ground when you stand it up, just pull it across so that it's long enough to touch the table legs/bottom of the umbrella stand/whatever.  Tie off the adjustable drawstring, then stand the umbrella back up.  Voila!  You have just earned two more points on your ResourcefulWoman Badge, and you don' need nobody's help with nuffin!
After reading reviews & doing homework before purchasing this umbrella screen...some reviews helped out alot in telling how & what to look out for... so I was very skeptical at first, but I figured I would'nt lose out too much because of price.As mentioned before, throw out the little sheet of paper ( supposed to be manual directions of how to install ). This is useless, you have to install by trial & error.First: I purchased a 8ft. umbrella because I did not want to go thru headache of 9ft. being to big... good thing I did, this screen just fits the 8ft. umbrella perfectly, if I had a 9ft. the screen bottom would'nt even touch the ground.The screen came in perfect condition, no holes or tears.In our case as mentioned in reviews, we had to first put screen over umbrella partially opened, & while the whole umbrella was lowered on ground... just draw in the string adjuster... then start opening umbrella slowly being careful not to tear screen because screen is very cheap & lightweight... we then put the umbrella on stand on table... then opened umbrella up rest of way... best with 2 people, 1 on inside, other out, then you can modify screen evenly adjusting all the way around. The person outside might have to stand on a chair or some type of platform to draw & tie string adjuster.  Be careful zipping & unzipping, take your time ( again this is cheap material ).We did fill in tube at bottom with water, & do not fill tube all the way, as soon as water reaches all the way around, stop. do the same with adjusting & positioning tube as you fill. BINGO... you are done.We have had this up for a few days, no leaks, keeps insects out... so far it works. Don't no for sure what we will do when a bad storm comes, because I can tell it will be a little difficult bringing down & back up.. as read before, we might have to velcro strips around screen to keep in position.I would recommend this product because its a cheap way of providing comfort without dealing with insects... just do your homework before purchasing.
I wish I had one of these years ago, it is great, love the heavy bottom, it stays in place
I bought this to put on my 9 foot umbrella which is in the middle of a large table with 4 chairs.  It was relatively easy to put up.  I just opened the umbrella partially and put the netting over it then slowly opened the umbrella while adjusting the netting.  It took me about 10 minutes to set up.  I used a watering can to put water in the bottom tube, but didn't fill it completely and it still did a nice job of staying on the ground during some windy days. It has a zippered door that works well.  I usually keep the door open because my dogs like to go in and out when I am sitting there.  They both accidentally ran right into the netting and they didn't damage it.  I love the shade and protection from bugs.  I've used it this whole summer with no problems.  This should last at least a few seasons so for the price, it is great buy.
There is no way that this net fits a 9' umbrella. The net pictured here must be a 5' or6' umbrella. On my 9' umbrella, the net sits right on the edge. I found the net very difficult to place. It is basically a tube and you have to figure out how to maneuver it unto the umbrella. I started with the draw string almost closed and them placed it on the closed umbrella. As a slowly opened the umbrella, I loosed the draw string. Finally, as the net came to the rim of the umbrella, the net base reached the floor.As soon as I placed the net I thought to myself, this thing is going back! However, once inside the net, I kinda liked it. There are no visible seems ( except for the zipper) and that makes the net very transparent. The base is flimsy and I wouldn't even bother trying to fill it with water. I found that since the net barely hangs on the edge of the umbrella, I placed a few stitches (needle & thread) at each point on my umbrella. This kept the net from slipping off. Also, no one has addressed how on Earth to close the umbrella with the net on. I close my umbrella nightly.  Once again I found that the stitches held the netting in place when the umbrella is closed. I simply gather up the excess netting and place it on the patio table.The net does serve it's purpose. It keeps bugs out. But it is way to cumbersome and difficult to set up. So I give it a 3 out of a 10.Update.... I have been using this net for a few weeks now. I finally tried to fill the base with water. Surprise! It held water and actually made this a pretty nice \"screen house\". I also found a way to hold the net up ( with out water in base) at the points of the umbrella when not using the net. I am using metal shower hooks at each point. I gather up the net at each point and close the hook on the gathers. It looks really nice! And I can easily close my umbrella when the net is gathered up. I am now giving this net a 5 out of 10. Hope it lasts the summer and into next year.
I got these for christmas( it was on my wish list for about a month ) and just used them for the first time last week.  The construction of these are pretty solid.  It is a made entirely out of a very strong plastic.  The claw tips are actually pretty sharp to my surprise.  These bad boys shredded two pulled porks like a hot knife cutting butter.  It might help that the porks were cooked perfectly on the weber smoker for 12 hours.It really was nice not to have to burn the crap out of my hands to pull the pork apart.  I have heat resistant food gloves to use to pull the pork apart but these claws are a nice addition.
Tried to use these for pulled pork and had a bit of trouble.  Maybe it is my small hands but they were big and awkward to try and use.  They sliced into the meat just fine but pulling them apart together just did not work as I had hoped.  I almost felt as if I needed some that were longer and thinner.  I have only tried to use once so I plan to give it another chance because maybe it is just user error.  I will have my fiance give it a try next time and update accordingly.
My wife bought these for me when I started smoking meat this summer.  She loves pulled pork, so I think she figured she'd give me an incentive to make some (a new tool to try out).I was really excited to try them, and they work well, but I'll be honest... I wasn't blown away by them or anything. They were nice for handling the meat as I pulled it off the grill, and they made fairly quick work of pulling the meat. The thing that kept me from loving them was the comfort of the grips. It's a minor complaint (which is why I still give 5 stars), but they were a little hard to hang onto after I'd been shredding the pork for a few minutes. I kept switching between like an overhand grip (so it looked like the claws were coming out of my own fists) and underhand to try to make them feel natural, but they just never did. I guess I was looking for that sweet spot where the implement functions almost as an extension of one's own hands, rather than feeling like holding a tool.  Just didn't quite get there, so my hands were a little tired and cramped by the end.Sounds like a lot of complaining... 
Here's an example of simple being the best.  These are made of hard plastic with rather sharp claws and easy handles making picking up turkeys, chickens off the grill an ease.  I also recently used these for the first tim for pulled pork and wow, made the job so much easier than regular forks!  I've had these for approx. 1 yr. and have not had any quality problems to report.
I used to own turkey lifters that resembled to distorted pitchforks that were hard to manipulate. These look weird but they work and are unbelievably versatile. Made of black nylon, they are heat resistant and are much easier to grip because you can really get closer to the bird without any slippage and instability. If the bird sticks to the bird or the roasting rack, a little forceful nudging will release the bird without tearing it apart.These bear paws also work crazy good on roasted meats and if you want to shred meat for pulled pork, etc. this is unbelievably efficient as opposed to using forks which seems to take forever.I hand wash these or put them in the dishwasher on the top shelf. They store nicely when not needed. A definite must-have at turkey time or any time.
If you've ever fantasized about being a bear or a velociraptor, these are just the ticket. Better than brass knuckles, they're a great low profile defensive tool.
We use the paws for shredding pulled pork or for holding a piece of meat. The paws are very solid and withstand washing in the dishwasher (upper backet). I am regretting not having them purchased earlier.
I bought these to pull pork after being smoked.  Using these was not as easy as just using a pair of forks.  They are made of a solid plastic that is not cleanly molded and there are many seams that would &#34;catch&#34; on each other when the fingers were interlaced.  The tips we're not smooth and would catch on the meat.  I would not buy these again.
I saw these on Amazing Ribs website recommended by Meathead.  I figured I would get them as they were inexpensive and looked fun.  They came quickly and in great shape.  They seem like a polymer plastic material and are sturdy and thick.  THESE THINGS ARE SHARP!!  Just lightly running them down your skin will leave scratch marks.  This isnt a bad thing as they work great for shredding, and for digging into large chunks of meat to lift it.  Just be aware, they are sharp!  Made 16 lbs of Boston Butt into pulled pork for a wedding shower.  Smoked the meat and let the Butt come upto 200 degrees.  Used these several times during the cook to lift the 8 lb chunks of meat and they worked great.  Came time to pull and I used these on one Butt while my gf used forks on the other one.  I was done in about 30 seconds!  These things made perfect sized pork shreds super fast!  Took my gf quite a bit longer with forks.Are these necessary, no...  Are they fun to have, absolutely!  I posted several pics of my pulled pork on facebook, and I got more comments about the awesome Bear Paws than I did about the BBQ that I spent 14 hrs cooking....
Have you ever pulled a pork shoulder at 200 degrees?  With two forks?  Then you need these.  I can pull a 8lb pork shoulder in five minutes.  Shred anything really, chicken is another good option.  For the money you can't beat why these will do and the time you will save.
I have always used a used a combination of gloved hands and two large forks to pull smoked meat.  What a chore.  One of our daughters gifted me the bear paws.  The following weekend I smoked an 8 lb pork shoulder to 203F and didn't have the time to let it rest very long before the hot meat had to be pulled and served.  I still used my gloved hands for the majority of the separation, then used the bear paws to even out the contents, especially the stubborn parts.  Wow, what a difference!  So much easier.  Great gift!
I bought these for the sole purpose of pulling smoked pork butts for pulled pork sandwiches.  These make the task so much easier than using large forks.  I pulled two six-pound pork butts in under five minutes.  These things are great!
Ok, being a man, I typically set the instructions aside and try to figure it out first, THEN refer to the instructions if I get stuck.  somewhere along the line, I lost the instructions and I was surprised how difficult this thing was.  It's also tough to read the digital screen while you bending down when it is installed on the hose spigot, as you have to be pretty much looking straight at it to see the readout.  I have pretty much given up on setting up the auto portion (that's my lazy fault though, and not the product) but it worked for awhile.  I pretty much just use the 'manual' setting now, because I'm lazy.  to get 5 stars, it would need an easier to read digital screen and be more durable.  it's pretty expensive for what you get.
I have used Orbit timing products for years. Until recently they have not proven very reliable with time. I have another like this one and it seems to be doing the job for the last 2 years. Not good for anyplace it is going to get jarred as the main connection is fairly fragile.
I love this timer and definitely recommend this to everyone!  Only thing I have an issue with is when it arrived the box was wet so the directions got trashed and had to call the company to figure out how to use it!  Am planing on buying two more eventually!  Very durable!  And I actually use this with all of my low flow drip irrigation systems I have all over my yard, it helps you save water, time, and energy!  And also by the way if you can because if you have enough sunlight on your property you can even use this with your rain barrels!Oh and by the way it is a 3 outlet timer, but only two outlets can be used for the timer the third is so you can use your hose to fill something if you need to without having to disconnect your timer, and the lever for those of y who don't know is on the side of the timer, not the front of the timer!  Other then that I love this timer
This little timer has saved me gobs of time and energy. It is the EASIEST timer to set that I've seen.I've had mine for two+ years and it is still going strong despite manhandling by house painters, a construction crew and a child.Unlike some others (even other Orbit models), it has a second valve so you can still use your hose, if you've only got one spigot.If you want a simple timer that works well and is easy to set up, this is it.(I'm surprised others have seen their units fail, and wonder whether it is a freeze/thaw problem or perhaps they need a pressure regulator between the spigot and timer.)
I bought this for my front yard and the Melnor for my backyard.  Beware the valve on the left is manual only.  However, the manual part works better than the Melnot, which sometimes gets stuck on manual.
Used it for our green house plants.  Works great and came with brass connectors for the hose.  Simple to program and attach to  our drip system.  It allows you to water up to twice per day.  It has two zones that can be program differently and still allows you to attach a hose to it.
I just put in a vegetable garden, and wanted an organic way to prevent weeds. This is a great solution! It was easy to apply, and I feel better knowing that the birds that frequent our garden, or my dogs (who love to eat random things) will not be harmed if they happen to eat one of the little \"pellets.\" I did assume that the \"pellets\" would eventually break down and disappear, but I haven't seen that yet, and it's already been a couple of weeks. I do have a few small weeds popping up now, but I think those had started before I put the weed killer down, so I'm hoping that any future weeds will not be a problem.
This year was my first time using this particular corn gluten product. However, I have been using corn gluten for years as a natural organic weed control and fertilizer. We have both outdoor pets and a 2 year old. So I am particularly drawn to corn gluten because it is safe for them. It is also safe for the environment.It also has one other very nice feature. You apply it earlier than traditional weed and feed at a time where the fertilizer benefits are maximized. Most traditional weed and feed you apply at a time when they can't do both and that is a waste for you and a harm to the environment.I can say this product was very easy to apply. It was in a more pellet form than other corn gluten I have used. And it has a very high corn gluten content. Both of those are good features. Previous years corn gluten applications with different brands did result in fewer weeds and a greener lawn. Recommended.
An Organic Approach To Weed Control!  Definitely A Safer Brand!I have used pre-emergent weed inhibitors for years, usually Preen.  As the father of four kids, I am always hesitant to put down chemicals on our lawn and yard, flower beds, etc. since the kids are often out there on the grass.While Preen is effective, I have never been crazy about adding \"yet another chemical\" to my landscaping.  The active ingredient in Preen is the synthetic herbicide trifluralin. Preen is fairly inexpensive.  Trifluralin is NOT safe for use around vegetables or other food plants/crops.  Also, trifluralin is harmful to fish and marine invertebrates, so if your property has water on it, or drains into ponds, rivers, etc. that is another consideration.So, I recently found out about Concern Weed Prevention Plus by Saferbrand.  Concern is made primarily of corn gluten. There are two versions:  the one being reviewed here, 100% corn gluten, and Plus for Lawn Care, which is corn gluten meal (82%), nitrogen (8%), phosphate (2%) and potash (4%).  These can be used on lawns, around shrubs and flowers, and there are none of the same concerns as when you use trifluralin.  In fact, after using Concern Weed Prevention Plus, your kids can go right out on the lawn. Corn gluten IS safe to use around vegetables and crops. If you do put it on small plants, you want them to be 3 or 4 inches tall, so it doesn't hurt them.Trifluralin and corn gluten provide similar results, by stopping pre-emergent weeds, but they work in different ways.  Trifluralin inhibits cell division.  Corn gluten creates a film layer on soil which impedes weeds from sprouting.  Neither should be used on plants smaller than 3\" or so.The Concern product is a little more expensive than Preen (about 68 cents more per pound, as of this writing), but to me that is a small price to pay for a more organic solution.I used Concern Weed Prevention Plus on my shrub and flower beds this past week.  I checked my soil temperature to ensure it was about 55 degrees, and then applied as directed.  Concern Weed Prevention Plus comes in several sizes.  I use the 5 pound bags.  Although I have enough bedding to require a few bags, I find it more convenient.  Were I to use it on my lawn, I would purchase the larger bags.The 5 pound bag indicates it will cover about 250 square feet.As warmer weather approaches in my area of New Jersey, my friends the dandelions and crabgrass will soon come to visit.  I will update this review to note the effectiveness of the product.Something to keep in mind: NO product eliminates 100% of weeds in the first season, unless you are dealing with a very small area of application.  If you apply periodically, you will control 80-90%, and over a couple of seasons, probably eliminate almost 100% of your weeds.I would rate this product highly, as it provides the same benefits as other chemical solutions, with no real downside.
The first thing that jumped out at me when I read the instructions was, &#34;Do not apply on newly seeded areas. However, it can be used with confidence around transplants.&#34; The corn gluten meal kills the weed seedlings before they grow and spread. That means it will also kill tiny vegetable seedlings as well, so don't use it on those. I can't wait until my newly-seeded areas have grown up enough so I can try it in my vegetable garden. Until then, I'm using it in the small landscaped areas of flowers, trees, and bushes that grow weeds so fast and so thick that many of my neighbors have decided to concrete over their gardens. I think this is a better option. I like using the small, easy-to-handle, resealable 5-lb. bag.This is a great idea for using under birdfeeders where the seed those birds drop can start growing where you don't want them to grow.I have a fairly large yard. It is necessary for me to hire someone to do weed prevention in the main body of the yard, but they don't treat the landscaped areas. They also stay a certain distance away from our ponds. &#34;When used as directed, Weed Prevention Plus will not harm beneficial insects, soil organisms, pond or stream life.&#34;I'm always hesitant to add anything out there where my dog plays. Concern 97181 Weed Prevention Plus is designed for gardens and is said to be safe for children and dogs. The list of weeds it 'prevents' (not kills), includes the ones that are most prevalent in the area where I live:Barnyardgrass, Smooth Crabgrass, Curly Dock, Green Foxtail, Black Nightshade, Orchardgrass, Shattercane, Purslane, Wooly Cupgrass, Giant Foxtail, Lambs Quarter, Buckhorn, Quarkgrass, Velvetleaf, Annual Bluegrass, DANDELIONS, Creeping Bentgrass, Black Medic, Redroot PIGWEED, Catchweed Bedstraw, Clover, and other common garden weeds.The instructions say to prepare the garden bed by turning under or pulling established weeds first, and then sprinkling Concern around the bedding plants, flowers and shrubs. You're supposed to rake it lightly into the soil, watering it in, and allowing it to dry for 2-3 days. If you have heavy rains, you may need to reapply it, so it would be smart to consider the weather forecast for the next week for best results.I think this product is exactly what I need for my garden areas. It's certainly easy to use. I'll report back on how it does controlling the weeds over time.
I scattered this stuff over my spring vegetable garden once my crops (beans, chard, broccoli, lettuce, squash) had poked up.Fast forward a few weeks... my garden was covered in weeds, like normal.This may be good stuff but I suspect it's not enough to stave off the onslaught of FL weeds when we start getting the heat and humidity of spring --> summer. Will try this again in the fall and update if I remember to do so.
I've only been able to make one application, but I think new weed growth is less than normal in our yard (per the product's description, the established crabgrass outposts that our yard hosts haven't been affected). That's good.And it was quite nice to apply the product with both (a) no need to worry about applying too much and burning out the yard (not that I've done that with other products or anything...) and (b) no need to worry about kids playing in the yard in the days following application. For a family with young kids, that's a significant benefit.
This stuff is a nice easy to use granules allows for getting in between cracks and for easy distribution.  I have a very large yard, so I do not attempt to kill weeds in my yard, but I do like to get rid of them near my flowers and my garden area.  In the past I use the sprayers, but that always leaves dead weeds that you have to pull (otherwise you get patches of brown weeds).  This stuff is nice since it is used to prevent the weeds.  I sprinkle this stuff in my garden area (between roses and around my trees (Japanese Cherry Blossoms)) and my favorite use; inbetween the stones I lay for my bird bath and ornamental flower pots (weeds like to grow between the blocks).  These small granules easily fall between the cracks and keeps the weeds from growing.So far this stuff has impressed in ease of use and application.  I will have to see how the Spring and Summer fare and if the weeds stay away (I live in South Georgia, so I already have them starting to grow, and where I put this stuff has not seen any).  So far I am happy with this stuff and I love the fact that it is safe, most stuff I use starts off with the number to poison control, this is nice to use since I can use it and not fear the fact of getting stuff on my skin.  So far so good!!
Great product that is easy to apply. With my kids rolling all over the grass, I was concerned about kid safe products. Thus far they don't appear to have any adverse reactions to the product. Whether the product truly prevents weeds I'm not positive yet since it's too early to tell.
I've been using corn gluten products as weed control for many years. Because I own an organic landscape maintenance company, I've had an opportunity to test out a variety of organic sprays and products to reduce weeds in the landscapes I maintain. Corn gluten is absolutely one of the most effective, but it's not good in every circumstance.Firstly, corn gluten is a pre-emergent herbicide. That means that if you put it in a garden that has weeds popping up from underground roots, it's not going to be effective at all. All it does is prevent new seeds from sprouting. It won't kill existing weeds, and it won't kill weeds that are returning from an underground taproot.The way it works is by creating a thin barrier along the surface of the soil, which keeps weed seeds from sprouting. So it's not helpful in vegetable gardens or annual flowerbeds where you are constantly planting new plants, hoeing, walking, or doing other things that disturb the soil surface. It is most useful on established garden beds which need little maintenance, in areas where nothing is planted and you don't really walk, or on lawns.Another element of using corn gluten is that it actually fertilizes the soil with a small amount of nitrogen as it breaks down over the season. This makes it an excellent choice for using as a pre-emergent herbicide on lawns, because as it stops being useful for weed control - it only lasts about six months - it becomes useful as a fertilizing agent which contributes to the soil. However, this quality is not so helpful in places where you don't want things to grow at all. If you are spreading this on an unused side of your house to keep weeds down, you may not actually want to be adding fertilizing agents.One thing that I didn't know until recently is that you can actually use corn gluten pre-emergent in the cracks of your sidewalk. While it won't take care of any of those persistent weeds with a taproot that keep on returning, it will certainly prevent new problems from starting up. I plan to use it this year in conjunction with an organic weed spray, to hopefully keep my sidewalk cracks looking good with a minimum of fuss.The last thing you want to know about using corn gluten weed control effectively, is that pre-emergent weed controls of any kind are best used just before weed seeds are about to sprout. While this varies in every single climate, most people look at their plants for guidance. The traditional advice is that when the forsythia are in bloom, it's a good time to put down pre-emergent weed control. Here in the rainy coastal Pacific Northwest, I tend to put down pre-emergents sometime in March. You don't want to put them down to early, because the beating rains as well as time make them less effective. However, if you miss that window when most weed seeds are actually sprouting, then you might as well not bother. I certainly wouldn't apply this in June, for example.Overall, if you have a small space were you can afford to use corn gluten for continuous coverage, especially for a small lawn or in between sidewalk cracks, I'd highly recommend checking out this organic form of pre-emergent weed control. Used with a thick layer of woodchip mulch in your garden beds, as well as an organic weed spray or a weed torch, corn gluten fits into an organic approach to keeping weeds down in your landscape.
This is my first time using Concern weed prevention plus. I have animals and was afraid to use other products for fear my animals would  get it up there nose,or eat it!! This is a 100% Corn Gluten herbicide.It will Not kill your weeds, or flowers.What it will do is, Kill off the seed roots for the next season..You can use this around your vegetables with out any fear.I grow Organic Vegetables, and have no fear of using this product.That said, it does work if you use at the right time of the year.. Early Spring, about 3 to 5 weeks before seeds start to sprout..It will not kill your daffodils etc that are started to come up.Reapply in late summer, when it cools down..You can also apply this at anytime, but that is the time of the year for more effects over seeds sprouts to die.There is 22 or more types of weed seeds this will kill off, for next season. You can use it on your lawn with out fearof killing it unless your lawn is Weeds, that you just mow over!This 5 lb. bag will treat 250 sq ft, or a 25 x 10 area...It can get expensive, so pick your area wisely.
This stuff works.  I tried it to see what it would do, and I didn't have any weed problem.  A time saver to eliminate weekend weeding.
I have a smallish backyard garden (five raised beds, each 4x12') and, for me, weeding is the least fun part of gardening. Over the past few years I've begun using black plastic sheeting as a mulch to cover the beds and I'm a complete convert: black plastic mulch heats the soil, retains moisture and, most importantly, it makes weeding a thing of the past, except... Except that when it comes to certain crops, like onions, it's really not efficient. It's simply too big a chore to cut slits for 200-300 baby onion plants and even if you do, weeds will grow up *right next* to the onion plant. Last year I had a horrific weeding problem in my onion bed (I devoted one 4x12' bed to just onions); some awful insidious grasses just took over and made weeding a torturous chore and kept the size of the yield to a bare minimum. Weeds robbed all of the nitrogen and other nutrients in the soil and really stunted the growth.I decided this year to try a pre-emergent weed killer, but being the organic sort of person I am, I certainly wasn't going to pump Preen or some other awful crap into my food beds. I'd been reading about the benefits of corn gluten meal (though there is considerable online debate about its effectiveness) and decided this was the year I would try it. What the heck; if it works, a miracle, if not, I'm not worse off than last year (and next year I'd have to figure out a way to use the plastic with onions). Then the Amazon Vine Program offered me, like a miracle, a bag of this corn gluten meal. Perfect timing. So last week I took what was a strawberry bed for the past few years, dug up all the strawberry plants, churned in 120 lbs of composted manure and let it sit for a few days. Then I added this corn gluten meal and raked it in and watered it gently per the instructions. Interestingly, I had read many times that timing is everything with corn gluten and that the best time to put it into the soil is just as the forsythia are budding--and that's just what I did (I'm in zone 6 in Connecticut). I'm letting the corn sit for a few days before I plant the onion plants. By the way, you can't use this product with seeds because obviously it will not allow them to \"emerge.\" It is *only* useful with seedlings and the bag says it's perfectly safe for seedlings.Of course, I can't yet tell you if it works or not because it's not warm enough for the weeds to really be kicking in. But I'm following the instructions carefully, have done everything I think is required and now I'm just waiting. (There are time constraints on Vine reviews otherwise I would have waited to post this.) But I *will* update this in about two weeks (early May) to see if it really is controlling weeds. I'm kind of excited to see if this works, because if it does, I may use it in other beds and stop buying as much plastic. I don't mind using the plastic, but again, for some crops, it's quite a pain. So, update coming soon. I hope this works!Update 4/27: OK, about a week, so far no signs of weeds. But I planted 200 onions today, so fingers crossed.Update 5/02: Kind of impressed. Still don't see a sign of a weed in that onion bed. Could this stuff possibly work?Update 5/14: This is pretty amazing--a few big rainy days, lots of hot days and not a week in sight! Wow.
There are some of us who would rather weed for hours than use even an ounce of Round-Up. I'm not one of them, but I certainly have been looking for a product that would help keep back the weeds in our peastone-covered backyard and front walkway without poisoning the birds and worms. Definitely, this corn gluten product works at holding the weeds back. But, it does not kill existing weeds -- it is a \"pre-emersion\" product -- and it must be applied only when you know for sure that it will stay dry for 2-3 days. So, if you live in New England, where springs are often damp, and if you have anything else to do in your life, planning ahead can be tricky. What I finally had to do was pull out already-emerged weeds and apply the product to the weeded area, which usually gets weedy again in just a few days. Weed Prevention Plus has, a few weeks later, been fairly effective, but not perfect, at keeping a usually weed-infested area of our yard weed free. I have to be honest that I was worried about applying it to our vegetable garden, so have only used it where weeds cause an unsightly mess in the yard & on walkways. Here, unfortunately, though the product has done its job fairly well, it is incredibly ugly. The nuggets of corn gluten are an unpleasant mustardy-yellow color, and even after watering in the product after application, as instructed, the yellow particles stand out. . I wouldn't get this product again, and only recommend it for those in the never use Round-Up group, and then only if you are patient and love the color yellow.
Any Herbicide that is safe to use around people and pets sounds like a great idea.  Weed Prevention Plus provides the early control of weeds including crabgrass. It is also okay to use under your bird feeder and safe to use, even if you have pets. A digital therometer is provided and when the soil reaches 55 degrees, you apply the weed prevention. Just start turning over your garden and sprinkle the weed control into the soil...next you water the area and allow to dry for a couple of days.Couldn't have been easier, I dread the weeding every year! I may post additional comments as I watch my garden and see how it grows!
My garden has been completely organic for many years, with a special emphasis on safety for wild birds in the past five years. I raise dozens of varieties of flowers, and all of my own produce for six months of the years.It can be a challenge when neighbors are running a dandelion farm, and the wind blows just the right direction! Corn gluten-based weed controls have been a recent change, and one for the better. This Weed Prevention Plus is easy to apply, and safe in both flower and vegetable gardens. There is no danger of harm to pets or wildlife (of course you need to use common sense precautions to store any treatment out of the reach of children or pets), while weeds are withering.A full season's use will show whether this is effective throughout the growing months, not just early in spring.
The weeds are really sprouting right now, the garden pretty much a green rug of weed seedlings, so I figured I'd give this product a try. Now, I can't just broadcast it everywhere; I count on self seeding annuals like alyssum & cosmos to fill in the perennial beds, and I just overseeded the lawn. One place I really hate finding weeds, though, is in the crowns of perennials like peony, iris and daylilies. Weeds that germinate right in the crowns or rhizomes are nearly impossible to get out without gouging the perennials! So I applied the product right into the crown, between the stems starting to come up. I just checked today; there are tiny baby weed seeds sprouting every where except in those crowns. The iris patches have nothing growing in the rhizomes! This makes me very happy. And the perennials are unharmed- they are still coming up normally. We're getting ready to go into a rainy spell, so i don't know how long the product will work, but it didn't seem to take very much to suppress the weeds where I needed it, so I have plenty left over for reapplication later.What's best about this product is that, being corn 'gluten', when it degrades it just breaks down into a nitrogen source for the garden, fertilizing it. It's harmless to get on your skin and eating it wouldn't hurt you. The only downside I see is that I'm sure the corn it's made from is GMO, and corn in general uses a lot of resources to grow. But it's still got to be a lot more ecologically sound than glyphosate or 2,4-D! I'm definitely going to be using this regularly.
I just received this in and I'm so excited.  I have blueberries and tomatoes that I am going to use it on.  I will give an update after the growing season!Jesus' Blessings and Peace
WOW! What a great product. Being in the landscape business since 1969 I always like using products that are not toxic to humans and pets. Corn gluten meal pellets will prevent weeds from sprouting and robbing your plants of valuable nutrients. You can use it in flower gardens, vegetable gardens, and in landscaped areas around trees, shrubs and ornamentals.
I will need to update this review.  I just tilled and planted the garden.  We are one week in with no weeds.  This seems to be going well, and covers a decent amount of square footage.  I will update the review once our garden really gets growing.
I put this in with our new garden and mixed in the soil.  Followed the instructions - water thoroughly then sit for a few days dry.  Either I was hasty in my planting or I didn't get a good batch of gluten,but weeds and even seeds placed directly in the soil still grow.  But, there are less weeds than in the rest of my lawn!
I give it 3 stars because it does not work consistently in my garden.I sprinkled it along the fence but still some weeds managed to sprout. I don't think it works with crabgrass or Bermuda grass because the grass spreads with tap roots.Then I also sprinkled around some rock tiles in my garden. Weeds didn't grow.Overall I recommend this product.
Weed Prevention Plus is a pre-emergent herbicide.  This means it prevents weed seeds from sprouting.  It will not kill weeds that are already growing.  It will not harm flowers or other plants that are already established.  The instructions on the package are clear and easily understood.  PLEASE read the instructions before you use it.  A 5 pound bag will cover 250 sq. feet. ( 25 ft. x 10 ft. )  After using this product we haven't seen any new weeds come up amongst our shrubs, so far we are very pleased.  Gave this 4 stars because we wanted to give it time to make sure there aren't any new weeds.
This weed prevention requires 55-degree soil in order to activate. Since we're not past the frost date, the soil will take a good month to warm up. Moreover, once I apply it, I really should wait a bit before I write a review. I will update this review after after I apply the weed prevention and give it some time to work.Reviewing the product now, without even applying it and without waiting to see if it is effective, seems a bit unfair to the maker of this product. Because Amazon Vine has a policy which requires 100% compliance on reviews, I have no choice but to write a review now and update it later. Thank Amazon Vine for the new 30-day rule.Thank you!
Concern Weed Prevention Plus is 100% Corn Gluten Meal. Corn Gluten Meal was scientifically found to keep weed and grass seeds from germinating naturally. It is not a weed killer or a chemical. If you are seeding your lawn with grass seed, DO NOT USE THIS YET, as the grass seeds will not germinate or take root. The main weeds it keeps from germinating are: Barnyard Grass, Smooth Crabgrass, Curly Dock, Green Foxtail, Black Nightshade, Orchardgrass, Shattercane, Purslane, Wooly Cupgrass, Giant Foxtail, Lambs quarter, Buckhorn, Quarkgrass, Velvetleaf, Annual Bluegrass, Dandelions, Creeping Bentgrass, Black Medic, Redroot Pigweed, Catchweed Bedstraw and Clover.This corn gluten is all natural and safe for children and pets. We use it only in May and September, when weeds germinate and take root. Since this is only a preventative weed application, we always use Scott's Plus 2 and Clover Killer in May, followed by this Concern application. Plus 2 is the best dandelion killer and the only thing that kills clover is clover killer. After we kill our 2 main weeds- dandelions and clover, the corn gluten keeps new ones from rooting. We have found, you don't need to use this on an entire lawn or garden, but where you have problem weed spots. On one neighbor's side, their weeds come into our yard, but by applying the Concern along the property line, we see a dramatic difference of less weeds coming through every year. Concern is also great for driveway/sidewalk cracks, as we never see any weeds coming through the cracks any more.With our Scott's Plus 2, clover killer and our Concern 100% corn gluten products, we have a nice green lawn, with less weeds every year. Just remember if you are seeding your lawn with grass seed, wait until the fall or next spring to use the Concern, as it will prevent both grass seeds and weed seeds from germinating and taking root. This is a great product in addition to your regular weed killers.
As a pre-emergent herbicide, this product will help to keep certain types of weeds from sprouting. It's not a systemic herbicide, will not kill existing weeds, nor will it prevent weeds from popping back up from intact roots. What it will give you is a natural solution made entirely from a food by-product that won't  make you wonder about the safety of your family, pets or even plants.Since this is not a systemic poison, you will need to start off by removing existing weeds. Since doing so may spread their seeds, this is exactly the type of substance you want on the top layer of your soil when you do so. Apply this and water in as directed, and allow to dry for 2-3 days. An important consideration is that although powdered corn gluten has been reported to work equally well, this is in granulated form, which botanists recommend for ease of application. About the only risk of using this product is a possible sensitivity in those with an allergy to corn gluten, and given the minimum amount of dust (I didn't see any) in a granular formula, that makes the risk pretty low.Studies have shown that consistent use results in even better efficacy and by the fourth year, weed control should be at its best. Since I can give only anecdotal evidence based on my own yard, I decided to do some research and see what studies by botanists have concluded, and most have consistently found this formula to be effective. In the short term, I'm trying to grow my own dandelions in flowerpots, both treated and untreated with this product. If I have any unexpected findings, I'll amend this review. For now, I'll have to go by studies done by Iowa State University and the University of Minnesota, which found it effective. Washington State University found it less effective, although they acknowledge that efficacy in the Midwest has shown to be stronger than on the West coast, so there's a possibility that climate could be a factor. Nevertheless, WSU still found benef
It's really too early to tell how effective this product is--I just planted my first snap peas last weekend, and put some of this \"Concern Weed Prevention Plus for Gardens\" into the soil along with them.  Based on reviews and information I have seen online, I have high hopes.I do in-ground vegetable beds, and spend far more time than I would like pulling out sprouting grass, dandelions, and other weeds that find my rich, nice soil a perfect place to grow.  I've tried a few more toxic solutions like a perimeter of RoundUp but that leaves everything dead and yucky and not pretty at all--the opposite effect one wants from a backyard garden.I like that this \"Weed Prevention Plus\" is all-natural and can be used for edible plants.  According to the bag, it starts new seeds from sprouting, so it won't affect seedlings and planters that are already growing.  That's exactly what I want, so here's hoping it works as advertised.
Very happy with this purchase. Expanded to be a lot more then i thought. i mixed this half and half with happy frog and mixed in a lot of perlite. Tomatoes and bell peppers Are looking the healthiest ive ever had. Having the right ph is Extremely important if you want a truely nice plant. happy frog and this are both around the right area. then mix ur happy frog coco coir half and half oceanforest and your plants will love u.
I use this mixed with some perlite to fill nursery pots in a 4x4 ebb & flow system and I was amazed that this 11 lb block was able to take care of the entire bed. It is clean, odorless and was the cheapest price I could find on amazon. It is perfect for an ebb/flow system since it absorbs moisture very well. I will definitely be buying again.Update: Still using this with a mix of perlite. I can't say enough good things about it. This is perfect for those who want to stir up biological activity (nitrification) of either bioponics or aquaponics. Due to the high amount of surface area, low cost, sterility, low weight, and excellent air to water ratio, not to mention its organic and a sustainable product, this media is ideal for any hydroponic type setup. Just make sure you can contain it so it doesn't get to the pump.
This stuff was great in the start, made 17 gallons, and plant's did fine... at first. Three people were using the same brand, after about 2 months every single plant of ours died for some unknown reason. We've even fertilized them with organic fertilizers. I believe we may have gotten bad coir, I will not be buying this again.I decided to reseed some seeds into the leftover coir, the plants are not doing too well either. I transplanted some of the good plants into regular soil while I could. But while transplanting all the coir was breaking away from the roots exposing the roots to nothing but air. This stuff is horrible to work with. There must be something wrong with it for 3 people to have all their plants die from this coir.Save yourself some time and just get regular organic soil. This was a nightmare for all of us. We've lost countless hours of work due to this coir.
Never used this stuff before. Figured to give it a try. Works great. Basically it is soil that you water like hydro. Easy as pie.
UPDATE 12/29 ordered a 2nd block just to have some (lotta) extra. excellent stuff. NB no nutritive value really, so get some fertilizer appropriate to whatever you're planting.ORIGINAL review 12/24:this is amazing stuff - clean, sterile, perfect consistency. you may want to look for boxes of smaller pellets if you only plan on getting a little at a time - this block, you either make the whole thing at once (thassa lotta dirt) or else take a knife or saw to it and mix up the amount you need.I will say again: I love how clean this stuff is. no parasites, no bugs, no extra crap of any kind. no gnats flying out, no tiny little worms that you aren't sure are good or bad!in the past I was always skeptical of how could fibre from coconuts really be a soil alternative - but once you reconstitute it you absolutely cannot tell the difference. I will never buy potting soil or peat/sphagnum moss again.
I never used this before. I like it. So do my plants. It is a huge hard brick and it took over 5 gallons of water to soak it into a fluffy soil additive. It mixes in really well and keeps the soil loose for the air to get to those roots. It holds allot of water, but, drains well. No soggy roots around here. Just happy plants.
I bought a set of these for my tomato plants.  I ending up buying another pack cause i liked them so much.
These will be really handy clips for supporting my tomato vines...with one exception. The large size works great...the small size is not workable.
I needed some clips to hold my tomatoes and eggplants within their cages.  I prefer the clips to tying so I tried these - they work great.  They have a large space to hold the plant and a smaller place to clip onto the cage - that way my plant isn't mashed against the metal cage.  Also, it is easy to remove them and place them in a new location as needed when the plant grows.  Worked perfect for my needs.
I am using these to train my cucumber up my trellis. The vines are small so I use the smaller clips the most. After the cucumber takes hold I have been moving the clip to the next vine. The bigger clips are better for my tomatoes. I wish they sold each size in its own bag. They work extremely well on this trellis nettingLuster Leaf 864 Rapiclip Vine and Veggie Trellis Net, GreenI like these a lot! these are a perfect add-on for receiving prime shipping
Definitely a necessity if you're using any sort of netting to hold plants in a hydroponic or soil setup. Very versatile
They work well, are a thick plastic - I only wish they had a smaller size too!! I will buy again as needed.
ARRIVED QUICKLY AND PACKED WELL.  SIMPLE, SCREW OFF LOOP TOP ALLOWS ACCESS TO REFILL SUET.  ONLY SMALL BIRDS LIKE DOWNY WOODPECKERS AND FINCHES CAN GET IN.  ELIMINATES MASS GRAZING BY GRACKLES AND CROWS.  TOP PROTECTS THE SUET FROM SUN AND RAIN.  ATTRACTIVE GREEN COLOR BLENDS IN WELL.  FINE PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY, A GOOD VALUE.  WILL NEED TO FIND SOMETHING WITH LARGER HOLES FOR MEDIUM SIZED BIRDS.  I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO PEOPLE WHO ENJOY THE BIRDS.
While it is clearly squirrel proof, this item is also bird proof.only the smallest of fledglings could reach the suet.After one week all of the suet remains as nobody could get to it.
At first I was unsure about this feeder I thought the suet packs were in a bit to far for birds with shorter beaks to reach it, but as the winter went by I realized it did work fine.
We have two of these hanging outside our kitchen window so we can watch the birds feed while we eat.  I have seen many species go in and out of the feeder with no problems.  It did take about a week for the birds to adjust to this style feeder but once they did they use it all the time.  I have watched many squirrels try - really hard but after time they gave up - hardly ever see them try these days.  We are happy with them.
For a long time I have been searching for a reasonably squirrel / raccoon-proof suet feeder, especially to provide our little winged guys with some useful winter supplements.  To add to our Brome Squirrel-Buster Plus and Brome Peanut + feeders.  Several suet feeders, on previous occasions, had succumbed to the destructive powers and smarts of our local raccoon families.  Unquestionably, a raccoon would destroy this feeder as well, except for the fact that I hung it in a manner and place virtually inaccessible to a raccoon (even if every neighborhood raccoon is sponsored by Nike and lives by &#8220;You Can Do It!&#8221;).  Thus far, the birds are just getting acquainted with the Stokes Double Suet Feeder.  I notice a winged patron on occasion (to my excessive delight), but can&#8217;t say that it is well-frequented thus far.  Most prefer the other feeders yet.  If / when a little one is located in the double suet feeder, the feathered friend appears to pick away comfortably and seemingly relatively relaxed.  In summary: I welcome this addition to my bird feeders, without (yet) being ecstatic about it.
I have a couple of cheap cage suet feeders like this:Heath Manufacturing S-1-8 Single Hanging Suet Feeder.  They're inexpensive, lightweight, and they get the job done.  The problem is that unwanted animals like grackles and squirrels have no problem dining endlessly at that type of buffet.I am very impressed with this Stokes suet feeder.  The very first thing I noticed when I pulled it out of the box was its heft.  It has some weight to it.  The cage wire is a bit thicker than the standard inexpensive suet cages.  If you look at the additional picture I uploaded, you'll also see that the actual square suet cages are attached to the bottom of the feeder with thick wire supports. The top is also thicker and more rigid than the stock picture might indicate.  Likewise, the metal screw cap securely holds the top in place with no worries about stripping the screw post.  The hanging ring is thick steel.  The ring is squeezed into--or captured in--the screw cap.I'm not sure what the \"double locking closure system\" is that is referred to in the product description.  The only closure on this suet feeder is the top which is then held in place by the screw-on cap.I'll add visitor statistics as time goes on.  So far, I've had a hairy woodpecker dine with little difficulty.Edit:  After a couple months of use, I've noticed regular visits by flickers, red-bellied woodpeckers, chickadees, nuthatches, downy woodpeckers, and hairy woodpeckers.  It does a fine job of keeping fox squirrels out, and large birds like grackles struggle on it sparingly.  The biggest downside so far?  Opossums or raccoons learned easy access to the suet cakes and devoured two full cakes overnight.  It looks like I'll still need to put a pole baffle in place in order to keep the four-footed critters off.
We are reloading this every few days due to popular demand.  We've had other \"double\" suet feeders, but this is the best made of the bunch.  The screw on top is sturdy and makes it easy to open and replace suet.  The one thing I've noticed is, when you put a square holder in a round cage, some edges of the square are more accessible to larger birds.  No way around this basic geometry problem totally, but we now cut about a 3 inch square out of the plastic trays the suet come in and then put the suet in with the back facing out (so the suet is only accessible via the 3 inch square opening).  This cuts down on the larger birds taking advantage of the square corners.  It's a bit more work, but takes care of the problem.  I'm glad to do this because the quality of the feeder itself is so much better than any other we've tried.We've never had a bird die in this feeder, as another reviewer has indicated.  However, we've had them get stuck in another, different feeder.
***Update.The first few weeks I had this feeder the squirrels tried their hardest to get to the suet. They even chewed most of the plastic coating off of the wire. They weren't able to get to the suet, so they now leave this feeder alone (mostly). So I would say it is squirrel proof.It is not grackle/starling or chipmunk proof though. I don't think it would be raccoon proof either. I bring it into the shed every night, so I have not found out for sure.This is a good feeder and smaller birds and Downey and Hairy woodpeckers enjoy it. I have seen a red-bellied woodpecker twice and the grey catbirds like it.For being the inexpensive version of this type of feeder I think it is worth the money if you want woodpeckers in your yard.
I love my little green cart. I have had it now for over 2 years and it has held up like a champ. I abuse it loading it down with firewood runs from the pile to the house. I also use to load up leaves, dirt, and gravel.  It takes very little effort to pull even when overloaded. Even pull through snow up to 6&#34;!No rust, No tires issues ( other then occasional air). The latches stay on.Well pleased. Love it! Worth money.
Got this for my wife and she sure does like it. The first one i got for her, she said it was to heavy to pull, but now she is satisfied with this smaller one.  So far nothing heavy has been hauled in it, so i cant say how well built it is yet.  It was simple to put together and didnt take to long to do it.  Only thing i regret, is right after i received this cart, i got a sale paper and it was priced at 40 something dollars. Almost half the price of this one. It was red and did not have a name on it, but after looking it over, everything looked the same except the color.  Anyway, seeing my wife using this Tricam FR110-2 and her smiling, makes me smile too.
Ok, the quality of the cart is very good. The ease of putting it together is very good,However, the tires have this powder residue that makes them smell awful.Would I purchase again? No, because over a month later my garage still stinks like chemicals.
I ordered the Tricam Utility Cart to use around the house for yard work and other heavier projects I might have.  It came packaged very well and putting it together was pretty easy.  The directions were excellent.  I'm sure I'll be glad to have this when I need to transport heavier objects.  Great Buy!
Years ago I purchased a similar utility wagon from our local hardware store. After about fifteen years of continuous use, it was finally time to retire it. With that brand no longer on the market I opted to purchase this Tricam product. My neighbor purchased one from Amazon two years ago and it seems to be holding up well. The wagon arrived at my doorstep in its original tattered box. Actual parts of the wagon were poking out on all sides. The only thing holding the box together was massive amounts of shipping tape wrapped continuously around the box. Speaking from long term experience on this issue, when it comes to proper packaging and the shipping of large merchandise its still hit and miss with Amazon. More of a miss.Moving on. After careful inventory of parts I was shocked to find that everything was accounted for. The instructions are pretty much cut and dry. It took me about twenty minutes to put the wagon together. I found two areas under the mesh bed that were bare and not properly spray painted. Also two of the tires were low on air. Right off the bat, I found that this wagon is much lighter then my previously owned model. The mesh bed measures about 18\" by 34\". Fully assembled it weighs in at about 44lbs.The fold down fences are give and take. They are somewhat misaligned. Unlike older designs of a similar wagon they are no longer held in place by bolts. On this model cotter pins have replaced the bolts. I know those will be the first thing that goes. Even though the padded handle is not adjustable, its still a nice touch. Depending on use, replacement shouldn't be for awhile. The 10\" tires are pneumatic and probably the best part of the wagon. The manufacturer boasts a 400lb capacity for this product. I find that hard to believe.What I do know is that this utility wagon is okay on driveways and sidewalks. It does not do well on unpaved surfaces. On several occasions carrying bags of potting soil it has flipped over. It didn't take me long to realize moving small loads of concrete edging borders is out of the question. Thankfully, I still have my hand truck for that. This is definitely not the same wagon that my neighbor purchased from Amazon two years ago. Obviously corners were cut while increasing the price tag. In the ya
This cart arrived earlier than expected however nothing else about it is exceptional.  I would hesitate to place anything close to the 400 lb capacity advertised or anything with sharp angles because the metal weaving composing the bottom and side gates is not particularly sturdy.  In addition, I had to contact the manufacturer about the fact that the cotter pin-type things holding the \"removable\" gates on fell off within five minutes of maneuvering the cart across a gravel drive.  The manufacturer was apologetic and said they could send out new ones.  I explained that the pin design is completely inappropriate and they do not stay in place and sending new ones won't fix the issue.  He then proceeeded to explain how I might go to the hardware store and purchase some kind of a spacer that would work better....Geez, isn't that what THEY should be doing??  Exasperating but other than all that, the cart is well put together and I could recommend it for light to moderate duty activities.  just be prepared to have to retro-fit the side gates to keep them on.
In the past, i was only able to find the cheap, lightweight hoses like this at Wal-Mart and other retailers.  They only lasted for a season and got tangled up very easily.  This hose is a quality product with chrome plated metal fittings and strain reliefs built in to each end.  Yes, it is a little heavier than the cheaper ones, but it curls back up to a compact size when you are finished using it.  It costs about 3 times what a cheapie costs, but a much better product.  I recommend it and will be buying another one for the other end of the deck later.
These hoses are much better than you will find in most stores. No drips, expands easily and always retracts well. Imparts no taste to your water.
Don't know how it will work out over time, but the only problem with it is that it is tightly coiled and doesn't make the length I would like to have.  Still, I would not trade it because when it's time to not use it on that side of the house, it wraps itself up very neatly and sits under a fig tree, pretty much out of sight.  This is far superior to the last hose I had that had to be reeled in.  Also, the material is much nicer than any hose I have ever had.  It will mostly certainly hold up and will not get kinks that obstruct the flow of the water.  This was an awesome purchase for the limited use I have for a hose on that side of my house, and I know my neighbors appreciate that it's so low key--not an eyesore like the other one it replaced.
This hose is great compared to a standard garden hose, it saves a lot of space and you won't have to spend time coiling it up as you would a standard hose.Pros:-------------+ Coils up easily.+ Compact footprint when not in use.+ Seems to be durable and well made, although time will tell if it actually holds up.+ No leaks or issues with the connections.+ Color blends in to natural garden area, doesn't stand out like an alien item.Cons:-------------- Small diameter may restrict water flow compared to some other hoses, not an issue for me though.
THIS IS A GREAT HOSE NOT ONLY FOR THE GREAT  PRICEBUT I GET REAL STRONG METAL  CAPS AND ATTACHMENTS NOT THE PLASTIC GARBAGE AND THE HOSE SI STRONG SO FAR AND COILS BACK GREAT
This is a high quality hose - I've had cheaper ones that have broken quickly.  Here in Arizona, hoses usually rot within a year or two (the intense heat and sun kills them), but I am cautiously optimistic about this one.  It works great - I can pick it up, extend to the areas I need to water, and then it all very neatly and tightly coils back together near my spigot.  I think the straight ends are KEY as the other coil hoses I've had didn't have this.  As some of the other reviewers noted, you cannot cover anywhere near 50' of distance with this hose due to the coils and the inability to stretch the hose out flat.  Mine works optimally in a 15-25' range and after that I need to hold one side of it with tension to allow the hose to stretch more, maybe to around 35' of range.  I'm very careful not to stretch the coils more than they are intended because when you do that, they can reverse on themselves and it makes untangling the hose a nightmare.  I'll update this review when the hose fails so if there's no additional note, it's still going strong!UPDATE:  4 months in and this hose is still going strong.  I am impressed with it's ability to recoil just as tightly as it was when I received it on day 1.  Looks great underneath my spigot.  I just ordered a 2nd one.
I bought this and its big (75') brother.  I was reluctant because they're kind of pricey compared to your average garden hose, but I was hoping this would free me from tangles, kinks and the major hassle of re-coiling a long hose when done with it.  It does all that.  It's like a big Slinky, except that if it does get tangled (which you almost have to work at to accomplish), a little shaking removes the tangle.  Storage is beyond easy - you drag the hose where you want to store it, and just drop it on top of itself.  Makes a funny-looking pile of coils but that is really all there is to it.The fittings on each end are of very good quality and there are robust-feeling strain relievers at each end.  I was afraid that when I really stretched it out, it would lose its tendency to coil back up but not so.  I was mostly worried that the smaller-than-usual diameter of the hose wouldn't allow enough water to pass for me to use my small electric pressure washer to full effect, but I could tell no difference with these new hoses vs. traditionally sized larger ones.Yes, they're expensive, but in this case I think I got what I paid for.  Great stuff!
Being disabled, moving my hose easily is important for me.  Personally, I can stretch this out to about 20 feet which is all I need.  Perhaps a big, strong man could do much better.  I love this hose.  Reeling in a hose or storing it in a neat fashion is very hard on me.  This one, I just let it go and there it is!  Well, I may have to kick it the final inch or two, but that's it.  Glad to have this.  It makes my life so much easier.
I use this hose on my deck because I hate coiling it up everyday after watering the plants.  It has just enough recoil, where it doesn't resist you pulling it out.  Not sure if it would hold up long term on rough concrete, but on a deck it is holding up great and is in direct sunlight.
It's good but water pressure just okay... Probably due to the thinness of the hose. But it keeps the hose neat and tidy without much work.
I am so happy with the Water Right hose.  It's lightweight, easy to handle, easy to store.  I no longer have a big, unwieldy hose hanging all over my faucet.  Sure, the 50 feet is the actual length of hose, but it's coiled, se we don't get nearly that length when we stretch it.  I'd say it goes about 25 feet comfortably.  We could always buy a second hose to attach to it.  It's so nice, I want to get another one for the backyard.
I used this on my RV for water hook up.  Worked very well and was easy to store.  After usage for over a week it didn't want to completely go back to its original coil size but was a lot easier to put away than the garden hose I used to use.Made very sturdy and I feel it will last for a good while.
I am a very firm believer in buying it right the first time.  I did my research on coil hoses for the backyard garden after my previous one kinked and had hundreds of tiny punctures in it over just one year which made it spray mist everywhere.  It seemed like this model had the best reviews, but was also the most expensive.You get what you pay for.The connection to your spigot is excellent.  The whole feel of the hose is high-quality.  The metal spring coil near the female end eliminates any kinking and the stainless steel connectors on either end sing \"durability\".  The hose is a fairly thick gauge with decent weight and a glossy finish.  I also love the plethora of earth tones available to choose from.  It will almost disappear when not used depending on your landscape.The biggest test was the ability to recoil.  Even after stretching it to it's max, and on a 100* day no less, the hose recoiled to its original fashion.  I have been using this daily for almost a month without a single complaint.
I does not seam to stretch out as far as they said it would but we don't need it for that so it is great for the area we have.
I like this hose but it doesn't really reach 50 foot unless you are a lot stronger than I am.  The best I can get is about 20 feet before it is just too hard to pull farther.
Purchased this because my wife needed a light weight flexible garden hose to water her indoor plants.  This hose really fits the bill. The first thing I notices was the heave duty construction of the fittings.  They are more substantial than I see on most other hoses.  So far I am extremely pleased.
I have this hose and the 50' version and I couldn't be more pleased with either.  They are lightweight, easy to move around, and easy to store neatly underneath a spigot.  50' or 75' of traditional hose would never be possible for me to lift and move around my yard - this hose is movable.  The coils stay tight and neat if you are careful to never overstretch the hose.  Order a hose with much more length than you need to account for the coils - 50' of this type of hose does not equal 50' of reach (more like 25-30' of reach).  75' reaches about 40' or so.  Additionally, the eggplant color I got blends in with my Arizona rock better than a traditional green hose.  I'm very impressed!
See my review under this item's shorter (50') sibling, the Water Right PCH-050-MD-6PKRS.  Definitely five stars!!
Like almost anyone with a TV, a few months ago I started seeing (or at least noticing) those ubiquitous ads for self-coiling  hoses.  It sounded like something we could use so I did some research.  I discovered to no one's surprise that the ads and testimonials were mostly hype and that the hoses didn't deliver on their promises.  Further research revealed that there are coiled hoses which actually do perform as expected and that led me to the Water Right.Out of the box, this hose seemed different.  It's made of good quality FDA grade polyurethane and certified by the manufacturer to be lead-free.  The fittings are chrome plated brass and are well machined for an accurate fit.  I tried several different nozzles and they all fit perfectly with no leaks.Although we haven't had it for a full season yet, for the few months that I've been using it I'm very impressed.  It's light and quite manageable and there's no strain in carrying it around the yard and winding it back on the reel again when it's no longer needed.  It's so much easier to use than a conventional hose that I'm just sorry it wasn't around years ago.  True, it doesn't stretch to the full marked length but we knew that going in which is why we bought 75 feet instead of 50 feet.  It's made watering less of a chore and much more relaxing.  I hope to have it around for a long time to come.
Even if they weren't lead and BPA-free, these are the best-made hoses I've ever seen. The ends are solidly constructed and don't leak at all. Get a high quality spray nozzle and wand for yard and gardening to pair with this.
A couple of days ago I found that a family of racoons moven into my attic so we had to relocate them. I placed this cage with some Oreos insede and in a couple of days I got rid of three the three intruders. The cage worked very well, it is very simple to use. It is big enough fpr opposums, rabbits and racoons. Putting it in the crawl space under the house was a little bit tricky. So when it was time to remove the cage with an animal inside I called the city and the animal control people came and picked up the animal at no charge. They moved it from my cage to theirs and now we are pest free.
I have two other Havahart traps in different sizes.  They are older models, and set differently.  They are pretty easy, but this new model is fool-proof and the easiest trap I have ever set.I got the traps to rid ourselves of a neighborhood skunk problem.  This trap works great for that.  It traps them just fine.  The problem is getting them out of the trap without getting sprayed.  I normally walk up slowly while holding an old blanket in front of me.  Then cover the trap with the blanket. I then carefully lift the covered trap and put it in the bed of a pickup truck.  You really do not want to put this in the back seat of your car.  Trust me on that point.  Once I get to the area I want the skunk to call its new home, I pull the trap setting mechanism to open the doors, then put a stick through the cage to keep the trap door open, because the skunk will step on the trap and spring it instead of walking out of the trap.  Once the doors are open I pull the blanket off the trap and move a distance away.  If you leave the blanket covering the trap the skunk feels safe because it is dark, and you want him to leave the trap.Sometimes they leave right away, sometimes it takes a while and you have to stand there thinking \"what is this skunk thinking and why won't he get out of that damn trap. Does he like it in there?  Is he waiting for more food? I don't have all day, lets get a move on there skunk.\"  Well you might not think that, it might just be me.
We live in the desert and when I first heard of this catcher I was skeptical whether we could catch anything without harm.  We used to have a lot of cats in the neighborhood, now there is one!  We caught those little furry guys and took them safely to the humane society for other people to enjoy.  Then we caught some unwanted critters and took them further out into the desert and let them roam there rather than by our house.  Safe to use, easy to use, and you can catch those rabbits and get them away from your garden.  Heartedly recommended!
So, I have a small family of skunks living under my deck in the back yard.  It's been there and out ever since we moved in to the house about 6 months ago.  I called the company to catch it and they were gonna charge me $100 for setup and another $50/skunk they catch.  So, i tried this trap.  The setup is pretty easy and teh instructions tells you what kind of food to try to entice the animals.  I did as instructed and left it outside in the back yard.  Two days later, voila!!! SKUNK in teh trap!! Anyways, I took the trap and freed the skunk miles away from my home.  In two weeks time, I caught and released 3 skunks.
This trap is easy to use and does work (rabbit). There are some tricks to using it though. Put in some bait and make sure it is on a relatively flat surface. Now, since this trap does work, think about what you are going to do with said trapped animal before you set up the trap (those bunnies are cute, but stop eating my stuff!!). Since it does work, make sure to keep your smaller pets away from the trap (cats, small dogs).It was pretty fool proof to set up (I managed to do it). I can comment on how long it will last because it is relatively new for us. Overall, very happy with trap.
This is a very well made, strong trap and is easy to set and remove animals from. I got a real surprise when the first day it caught a squirrel in one side and the other door closed with a baby skunk in it. Not sure which one went in first. Skunks are a real problem around here as well as squirrels that dig up everything in site. Hard to have your window open to get fresh air from all the smell the skunks leave when they are running around at night. What was nice was I was able to release and shoot the skunk before releasing the squirrel so they didn't get at each other first but it sure stunk when I went out and found it because the little skunk had sprayed the squirrel. I have 4 others of this brand of trap, some are years old and still working like new with the exception of a few small bullet holes in them....
This is a great product and are made in a variety of sizes.  It is very well made, durable and very effective without causing harm to the rodent.  I had a chance to get this medium size and it works well for my needs. We live in a semi rural area and have our fair share of racoons, skunks, squirrels and possums.  My only problem with these critters is when they wreak havoc on our garden, flower beds and sometimes in the attic.If you read the directions, bait and set it properly this trap is a sure thing.  We have learned to throw a old blanket over the trap after catching our rodent, it quiets them down and keeps them calm during transport.Again, it is a quality made, humane and I highly recommend this trap and will enjoy years of use.
I'm a wildlife biologist, and have used similar traps for mammals of various sizes. This one is sort of middle-of-the-road in build quality. You're not going to use it outdoors every day for years on end without it rusting. That said, it's both lighter and cheaper than the more expensive, thicker-metal powder-coated traps, and it's sturdy enough for fairly regular use. It's decent, and definitely not junk.I hadn't used a trap with this \"Easy Set\" design though. It's brilliant. Fast, and simple. Flip the setting handle from one side to the other, and both doors open and the trap is set thanks to a cleverly-rigged cable system. Takes literally only half a second to set the thing. Love that feature. When it works. It's a little finicky, so I sometimes found myself having to try it a few times before it held (so the doors didn't just come crashing back down). Still, even if you have try to set it a few times, eventually it'll work, and it's a great way to set a trap. And open one too, since your hands are nowhere near the door or the animal when releasing it. A suggestion from the instruction page that comes with the trap: unhook the 2nd door's loop and open only one door when releasing an animal, so the animal's path is somewhat predictable. Yeah, you can use this feature to use this trap in one-door mode too, which is handy: less likely for the animal to escape, and you can make sure the animal comes in the side most likely to set off the trap. With both doors open, you can't put food on the opposite side of the trigger plate from both directions, so the animal could get off with the bait without putting any pressure on the trigger.Don't plan on using this trap for cats (I guess kittens would be okay, as other reviewers have mentioned). A full-grown adult cat needs alarger trap. And you won't be catching mice or smaller rodents with this trap either. Not only would they slip right out between the bars (about an inch square), but they wouldn't provide enough pressure to trigger the trap. With this design, I don't see a way to adjust the pressure required to trigger the trap, and animals probably need to be a pound or so (a big rat, basically) to have reliable success with it. Small rats and anything smaller will need asmaller trap.Anyway, it's a decent trap for anything smaller than a cat, and bigger than a rat.
There is a colony of feral cats on the hill where I live, and it breaks my heart to see the multiple fresh litters of unwanted kittens all spring, summer and fall. I've been greatly needing a trap to catch these cats: for catching the kittens so they could be hand tamed and adopted out to forever homes, and for the adults so they could be neutered/spayed and then released.I haven't had a way to trap any of the adults, even though I've been managing to collect some of the babies before they got too wary. This trap is perfect! It fits smaller to medium-sized cats very well in the \"one door open\" set-up. I am not sure the large toms will fit into this size trap, but I am tackling the females first this season anyway.SETTING UP THE TRAPThe trap is already set up to go, right out of the box. You pull back the handle and click it down. That's it.The trap is very smooth on all edges, and its components are slightly oiled.In the \"one door open\" position, you just have to move a coated wire to the \"off\" position. A sheet of instructions in English and Spanish is included to illustrate this easy action.USING IT FOR FERAL CAT TRAPPINGI out it right outside on my front patio with dry cat food as bait. I trapped my first feral that day. I didn't have to come anywhere near the claws or teeth of the frightened cat - it was very safe for me, and secure for the feline. At that point I brought the feral for spaying to a local program that handles ferals for $15. They did the spay, \"tipped\" one of her ears, and I brought her back home to let her go.Releasing the cat was very simple, and she took off right away. That is one less breeding feral to worry about! I am very relieved.I have a lot more felines to handle, and am looking for a free program to take on the spay fees (there is no way for me, at even $15 a cat, to afford to get the entire colony snipped). I can actually start to make some headway however, and am very thankful this solid, easy to use trap is available.RECOMMENDATIONInvaluable for humanely trapping and transporting wild creatures. I've tried various other trapping ideas, like trying to bait my cat carrier, tossing a net over the creature, and so on, but this is the only EASY way to get the deed done.For large and wary tom cats, a larger trap might be indicated.I would absolutely use this for skunks, squirrels or rabbits if I needed to, although with this cat colony right here, garden pests are never an issue.When not in use, I store the trap in the box it came in, to keep it clean and rust-free. Love it!
Well, this trap definitely traps possums, raccoons, and skunks. I got this trap to try and trap a certain feline but did not have much success. Maybe the feline was too smart or maybe the varmints got to it first, either way it definitely works for trapping varmints. The trap its self is very easy to use and assemble, it is light weight and easy to set. Just place a little food toward the back set and walk away, it's about that easy. I don't want wildlife hurt or killed and this trap is the perfect way to keep that from happening.  5 stars!
Havahart 1062 Easy Set Two Door Cage Trap is an interesting device that is used to trap small vermin and animals.  I have a problem with skunks, opposums, raccoons and squirrels in my back yard and I thought I'd give this trap a try.  Everything works on it except one of the trap doors doesn't want to completely shut.  I don't know why it wont.  I tried everything but it doesn't want to shut close.Maybe I got a defect.  The trap would work, its easy to lift and is rust proof but if the other trap door would close then it would be perfect.
Over the summer, I was constantly noticing piled mulch in my beds and every time I would go to flatten it back out I would find a cat poop covered up; not only a pain to clean up but also a health hazard too. After checking the security tapes I found it was a feral cat problem we had. I found this trap on Amazon and saw a good majority of the reviews were favorable and decided to give it a try. Setup out of the box was a little confusing at first but the kit is mostly assembled out of the box. The only parts you have to assemble are the pole from the step that triggers the door to a hook on the door and to secure the back of the cage closed. It was a bit of a challenge to get the pole from the step to the door to line up but it seemed so simple after getting it together.This trap is very durable. Solidly constructed, pre-assembly out of the box was a positive. The first night I set up the trap with a small paper plate of a little bit of wet cat food in the center. I checked on the trap after a couple hours and had caught my first feral cat. I transferred it to a different cage to take to the shelter the next day and set the trap up again. All told over about a week I had caught nearly 8 feral cats, I couldn't believe there were that many in my neighborhood. What is great about this trap is the assembly of the door, easy to open and release the animal should you be looking to relocate an animal such as opossum's or groundhogs. The best thing you can do is to cover the trap with an old towel. Not only will it help protect you from clawing animals but I found that it helped to calm the animal and also kept the trapped animal from giving away what the trap really is to other animals.For the price, this is a really durable animal trap and I have been satisfied to own it. I've even lent it to a few friends and they have told me they had great results capturing their troublesome creatures of the night. The best part is the unit can be easily broken down to store flat against the wall, and can pop back together quite quickly when you need it.
This is a well-designed solution to trap and relocate small disruptive animal pests, though it is not exactly perfect.Setting the trap could not be simpler. To achieve the recommended one-door set method, simply lift the second door cable over the anchor hook on top of the trap, so that when the handle switches over, the cable does not lift the second door. The cables are to length that either one or both doors lift high.The only problem I have with the trap is with its easy set handle. It tends to be a hair trigger of a lever, which can go off on a whim. I can shift the handles to one side and it seems to stay put, but because it can react so easily, I advise that after setting the trap, to tap on the cage a couple of times; if the trap does not trigger, it is ready for business. Other than this minor issue, the trap works well.A metal plate in the middle of the trap causes the doors to close when disturbed. A plastic piece fixed to the outside of the doors, keep them closed if an animal pushes from the inside. A small gap is possible when the doors lift slightly; however, these gaps are about as big as the space between bars on the cage, so anything that could squeeze through the gap is likely able to squeeze through the bars of the cage as well. A mouse can come or go as it pleases, but a large rat can be contained.This safe, lightweight and humane trap is simple to activate. It is about as easy to set off as well, but once set with the handle firmly in place, it is an effective solution to control burdensome yard critters. The instructions list a variety of easily accessible items to use as baits for chipmunks, rats, squirrels, rabbits, opossums, porcupines, woodchucks, minks, ferrets, armadillos, bobcats, raccoon and more.
I've used Havahart traps very extensively in the past, and they usually work great.  Flawlessly.  I love them.This new model I received is not flawless.  The trigger design has changed completely.  In the past it was a combination of rods springs and counterweights, which would make the exit door snap down when the animal touched the trigger.The new design uses cables.  The cables pull the door(s) up and hold the doors open.  I think this is causing some problem because if the cable is not the perfect length, i mean, if its even off by a few millimeters, then the trap won't set right.Out of the box, the trap seemed to work initially.  I pulled the handle and Voila, it was set.  Touch the food tray and SNAP it closed.  So far so good.The problem started when I just opened ONE door to release the imaginary animal.  The door wouldn't stay open.The trap is supposed to be able to work with one or two doors.  It says right on the instructions that you may want to set the trap as a 1 door trap for larger critters.  And you certainly don't want to open BOTH doors when you are letting the animal out, as it could \"run out the back\" and scurry up your leg.After I tried to set it as a 1 door trap, now the 2 door trap won't work either.  Somehow the trigger mechanism won't set right.  Whether I try to use it as a 1 door trap or a 2 door trap, the trap won't stay open.So it won't work at all.  Which is really disappointing.  I'm going to contact the manufacturer to see if there is anything that can be done, but, because it is \"easy set\" and you \"just move the lever 1 2 3\" there is simply nothing else that I can do differently.
We have had the worst problem in our garage with a pack rat(s).  My husband had set rat traps, gopher traps, everything we could think of and then I got this trap.  So easy to set my 12 year old baited it with refries and set it in the garage.  Next morning there was the rat!  No more poop everywhere.  No more items chewed or missing!  Yippee!!!!  Setting it again right now in case there are others.  Highly recommend.We have now caught 5 packrats and are still going.  This trap is great!
Started baiting this trap over a week ago, first with bacon and then with chicken bones.  To date, no catches.  When I first selected this trap, I had in mind the feral cats that often (almost nightly) visit our compost area.  You would think bacon and chicken would lure them in quickly, but alas...this has not happened yet.  If and when it does, I'll post an update to this review.That said, the trap is exactly as advertised.  You can easily set it with one or both doors open to catch the small varmits that are plaguing your property.  Engaging the trap is as simply as turning the handle position from one side to the other.  No fuss, no muss.If you're looking for a humane way to capture small animals and relocate them - this trap is exactly what you need.  Provided you can get the animals to enter it - I'm still waiting.
I regularly use an older larger version (I believe it is the next size up) of the Havahart humane trap.  While it does not always catch the critters, it does a decent enough job - say 4 stars.  When you run a farm, you can never have too many critter traps esp. when raising critically endangered breeds of birds who are starting to sit on their nests!Unfortunately this \"new & improved\" version of the Havahart trap is pretty worthless.  While it is very easy to open one or both doors, it is another thing entirely to get the door/s to stay open.  So far we have not caught a single critter.  The trap is always set off though!  Sometimes it is even knocked around.  Yet, no critter is inside.  I am still keeping it set up on the off chance it does what is supposed to do, but I have very little expectation in finding anything more than an overturned cage with closed doors.This newer version is so sensitive that even a slight bump to the trap causes the doors to snap shut.  The only way it's going to catch a critter is if the bugger doesn't sniff at the cage & walks directly inside!  Not very realistic.  Hence the closed door & tipped over trap thanks to the critters triggering the hypersensitive door then proceeding to drive themselves crazy pawing at the yummy treats inside!'If things miraculously change for the better, I will return to edit my review.  In the meantime, don't bother with this one!  Do yourself a favor & get the traps that have the little metal piece that you can manually fix if needed to insure that the door/s to the trap will stay open.
We use a lot of traps because where we live is just a magnet for wildlife and they can be a real problem in the garden and with the chickens- they even recently ate my old, tame pet fish in my pond. :(  We've been overrun with feral cats as well, so this is our 2nd 2 door Havahart trap this size, and we have one that is larger for raccoons- and I will say that THIS PARTICULAR trap is VERY GOOD for catching feral kittens.  The larger traps won't hold them because they will squeeze right through the bars.I do recommend catching the little feral kittens if you can because if you can catch them young enough, you can tame them and they have a better chance of finding a home.  Our current indoor cat was caught at 3 weeks of age in a trap like this, and we hand raised her and she is just the best cat now. Of course you have to watch them for rabies first! Her brother and sisters ended up coyote food - that's probably because we caught them the first time in a bigger, one door trap and they got out of the bars so they learned to avoid the traps - it's best with smarter animals to catch them right the first time!  One door traps are not nearly as effective.  With a 2 door trap, you have a chance of catching them from both ends.We use tuna to catch most critters and it works good.  Just put it in the middle of the trap and put the trap around any garbage or anything they've been getting into.  This is a good size for squirrels too.Our pound will take the animals IN the traps - just call them and ask them first, usually you just leave the traps in your auto and they will come out and take it out, empty the trap and return it to you.This trap is pretty safe for transport- for both you and the animal.  I do suggest wearing good gloves - it has a very nice comfortable handle.  We have relocated some that we've trapped and these traps are easy to open.  Once a trap is opened, the animals we've trapped have ONLY been interested in hightailing it out of the immediate area.  We've NEVER had an animal injured in a Havahart trap.
I ordered this because our little squirrel buddy had a couple of warbles (fly larvae)under his skin. Thankfully, it worked just like the other ratings and tips I read before attempting it. We caught him and took him to our Vet friend and neighbor and he got those disgusting things out of him. We have a lot of wildlife around and I LOVE, that but occasionally somebody has a problem and I have had to call someone everytime to come catch the guys for me. I can now do it myself. I have also let all the neighbors know I will catch animals for them if they have a problem. Most people don't know that Animal Control often kill the animals they catch by drowning them or in some other inhumane way ~ even sell them for their fur. The best thing to do is take them to a wildlife rehabber because even relocation isn't a good idea for many reasons but most imortantly because a mother may be taken away from her starving babies. I am so glad we have animal friendly neighbors and now I can help out the animals myself!
I already own the one-door version of this Easy Set trap, theHavahart 1083 Easy Set One-Door Cage Trap for Squirrels and Small Rabbits, and I love it.  It really has no drawbacks, other than squirrels seem a bit apprehensive to enter a one-sided confined cage.  The lure of peanuts/peanut butter ultimately wins out, but it takes awhile.  I wondered if a two-door trap might make this easy-trap system even better.Havahart didn't disappoint.  In less than ten minutes, I caught a curious squirrel with the two-door model #1062.  Like the slightly smaller version (the 1083), nothing could be simpler to set up.  Even wimpy women like me will appreciate its flip-back handle which sets or opens the doors.  I have never (not once) had a problem with the handle, spring-loaded doors or trip plate working incorrectly.Last year I caught over 20 squirrels with the 1083, but this spring season more surfaced, and they're causing havoc at the bird feeders.  I didn't really need another Havahart trap, but do notice the two-door design does seem to put squirrels more at ease about going inside the cage, and my trapping time is shorter.  If cost is an issue, I suggest the cheaper 1083, but for a few dollars more, the 1062 offers a two-door system which can also be converted to just a one-door system (for larger animals).  Both come highly recommended.  They are easy to use and very effective.
I have been using Havahart squirrel traps since 1985; the Model 1062 is the thirdone I have acquired.  It is the largest trap I have yet used, by necessity, as thesquirrels seem to have gotten bigger.The smaller trap employed a hare-trigger mechanism that was easily latched by a gustof wind, a falling leaf, and was especially prone to snapping shut when hyper squirrelsbrushed the exterior wire.  It was prematurely snapped shut much more often thanready for action.  It was effective mainly as a nuisance - the noise of the fallingdoors scared the critters off.This model is ingenious by enabling the handle as the triggering mechanism.  Simplyadd the bait and flatten the handle.  The triggering is no longer exposed to accidentalactivation.There are two doors on the trap, and I suggest keeping both doors open.  I have seensquirrels shy away from the trap when one door was closed.  Apparently, they were putoff by the closed endSquirrel catch rates have returned to 2 or 3 per month; they get released at area parks.The Model 1062 is certainly large enough to trap cats and even skunks.  If you neverwant to catch Stinkie, then you'd better employ baits not likely to attract them.  Anybait that attracts cats will likely be skunk food.  Animal control says I am on my ownif I catch one.All Havahart cages are sturdy, light-weight, precision-built, and well-galvanized toprevent corrosion.  The bait bar requires an occasional shot of lubricant to free upits action.  Otherwise, you can expect this trap to function for more than a decade,so long as you never catch the dreaded stinkbomb.
We've used 3 different Havahart traps, primarily for squirrels in the attic. The Havahart Easy Set 2-door caught our squirrel overnight! And we have since repaired the soffit where they sneak in, so hopefully no more squirrel problems (the squirrels literally chewed through 1/2\" wood to get back in!).We baited the trap with the lid from the peanut butter jar w/ about 2 tablespoons, and sprinkled dog food on top. The theory behind the dog food is that it's smelly and would help the bait stay fresh for a week or more. But as it turns out, we caught the last squirrel in just a few hours.The Easy-Set is a little different than our previous Havahart traps - it's spring-loaded, and you set/release it with the handle on top. The other models kindof spring shut (but are pressure set & you have the balance the lever on the pressure plate). Honestly the new method is easier but I've never had a problem with the older method, and would probably not pay any more for the Easy-Set.However, I paid $39.99 at Home Depot for a medium Havahart without the Easy-Set, and this one is currently just $42 on Amazon. Doesn't seem like a big price difference.The one really nice thing about the Easy-Set is you can release the animal without having to touch the door. That's really nice when releasing the squirrel/animal into the wild - theoretically, they could reach through the bars and scratch you if you have to lift/open the door manually.I probably suggest paying a little more for the 2-door vs. 1-door, for skiddish animals. But then again, I don't have any hard evidence to support that. Our traps all worked equally well, whether they were 2 or 1 door.It's important to get the right size trap. Too small might spook the critter. But also remember the large traps are really difficult to transport a live animal, especially if maneuvering out of tight spots (basement crawl space, attic, etc). For example, after wrestling the large trap down the attic stairs (and the squirrel was upset, peeing, which dripped on the carpet), I was surprised to learn the large Havahart was just an inch too tall to fit in the trunk of my car! LOL ...this is when I decided to buy the medium trap. I had to transport the critter in my back seat, with towels underneath to catch any more pee (captured animals are obviously freaked out).So after trapping over a dozen attic squirrels for ourselves & neighbors, and seeing many of them come right back, here are some tips:* Squirrels are ~amazing~ trackers. They can find their way home from up to 15 miles away. I'm not kidding about this at all - we had a squirrel (with unique markings) travel 10 miles, through the city, back to our attic. Our area pest control guy marks animals he traps, and had one squirrel return from 25 miles away! Plus, squirrels can chew through a 2x4 - basically, if they've made a home in your basement or attic, almost nothing can keep them out unless they find a new home.* Plus, having a critter in the house is an urgent situation. It's not safe - you don't want them back. We had a squirrel chew through electrical wiring in the wall, a terrible fire hazard and very expensive to find & fix. They can do lots of damage to the house, track in all sorts of insects (fleas, mites, bed bugs, etc). And they can electrocute themselves, smell up the house, attract flies and maggots, etc etc. Critters in the house is a pretty serious situation, don't take it lightly.* The solution, & most humane way, to keep the squirrels (& other critters) away after trapping is:(A) After trapping, cover the trap in an opaque fabric or bag (a paper lawn bag is best - it's big, disposable, and breathable). It disorients them a little, but the dark also helps keep them calm;(B) Put them in the car where they can't see out the windows, and drive around in a few circles first;(C) Take them a minimum of 10-15 miles away;(D) Try to cross a bridge;(E) Find a NICE place to drop them with lots of trees & wildlife, so they will be less tempted to come back to your home.* If you catch more than one animal (family of possums in the crawl space, several squirrels in the attic, etc), make sure to drop them all off at the same place. That way, you're not breaking up a family, and more importantly, they can build a new home together and not be tempted to come find you.* After you get rid of the existing problem, there are inexpensive sprays & powders by Havahart that help deter against new squirrels (& other critters) moving in. We got a spray called \"Deer-Off\", a 1-gallon with built-in spray (could reach the roof from the ground, no ladders), for about $30. It seemed to work for squirrels, and I'm sure there are similar products specific to whatever critters you're trying to repel.Hope this helps - good luck!
With just one look it appears \"Easy Set\" is indeed the Cadillac of traps so I was eager to try it out,and I'm pleased to experience that it functions excellently and with as much ease as it appears.FUNCTIONALITY ~ there's more to this handle then meets the eye.This design is an impressive, improvement for several reasons ~ even over Havahart's basic style.This multi-task handle is a solid piece of plastic, riveted to the hand guard, so it can't move around.This is more comfortable and offers more control to keep the trap away from your body then the typical (swinging) wire handles.DESIGN ~ The handle is as smooth as silk to lock/un-lock ~ by the flip of the handle, there-fore ~no more fiddling around with a touchy trigger rod, and/or thinner wire gage trap that the rod is weaker & difficult to keep set.To use both doors simply leave the cable looped around the 'setting loop', (hook)and to use only one door slip the cable out of the 'setting loop' (hook).This two door feature is quite a clever design, and both options work the same ~ with the flip of the handle.I've never used a trap with a two door feature for placing the trap in the animal \"run\"but I can see how it will be a valuable advantage.We've borrowed many traps over the years to catch, spay/neuter and release (feral) stray cats in our neighborhoodbefore finally buying two Havahart traps of our own a couple years ago, (Havahart # 1079 at Home Depot)After borrowing a variety of brands, one can't help but notice a big difference in quality from one brand to another.Many have thinner wire then Havahart, which make them trickier to get the trigger rod set.Some may be painted ~ (like at Tractor Supply) rather than galvanized for rust resistance as Havahart is.Some have had a smaller hand guard, or worse ~ none.CONCLUSION ~ Havahart is an easy to use, excellent preforming,  quality constructed, durable trap.With heavy gage galvanized wire and all smooth/ rounded edges. It's a five star product.As if it couldn't get any better ~ Havahart is made in America.Footnote:  For convenience ~ three sizes of Havahart traps ~Small ~ Ideal for catching chipmunks, rats, squirrels and similar-size nuisance animals7.1\" long ~ 2.4\" wide ~ 3.5\" high.Medium ~ Ideal for catching rabbits, skunks, squirrels and similar-size nuisance animals. (this one)25\" long ~ 7\" wide ~ 7 1/4\" highLarge ~ Ideal for catching raccoons, stray cats, groundhogs (woodchucks), opossums, and similar-size nuisance animals.32\" long ~ 10\" wide ~ 12\" high.
this is one super nice high quality product. and it is very easy to setup and to use. i opened the box and took the trap out of it. i looked at the instructions and withing just a couple of minutes i had it ready to go. i am using one piece of bread with peanut butter on it folded over to attract the critter. the trap is heavy guage wire and it also looks like a quality product. you can choose the use of one door or two doors by the cable that is attached to it. i love it!  thanks!
This is the easiest trap to set. I have had to set other traps, but this one is the best. If you are trapping small animals, then this is the one for you.
We have had live traps for rabbits and garden pests before, but I have always relied on my husband to set them for me. This one is SO easy to set that I can do it myself. With one flip of the lever, both sides were set and ready for catching pests. Now, if I can only get courageous enough to empty the trap on my own, we'll make some progress.The handle on top makes me feel a lot more secure about picking it up with an animal inside. The metal plate protects your hand when carrying the cage, if any animal inside should get agitated. And, the handle is very sturdy, making it easy to get a good enough grip to carry away from the side of your body.The dual sided doors make it convenient for trapping certain animals. Trying to catch a groundhog that has dug a hole in the garden? Position the trap near the hole in the ground, and pile up a few rocks or bricks around it to force the animal to run through the trap when it comes in or out. Now, you can transport it out of the garden and repair (or add)the fence to keep it from returning.
It seems a little tight but does it's job.  I think a little working of the doors will make it work much better.  I don't want to spray it with wd-40 because I don't want the smell to ward off the rodents.  Other than that, it's an easy to use trap and shuts well so animals can't escape
This medium trap is perfect for the smaller nuisance animals:  rabbits and squirrels.  The easy set feature is an amazing feat in engineering.  Construction is solid and will hold up for years, although it will likely rust after enough use and time.  A previous trap in a different size I bought began rusting after a year or two but still works.The wire on this medium size trap is far enough apart for my husband to stick the barrel of a Ruger 10-22 rifle in it.  Let's face it - on a farm, nuisance animals have to be put down, and these traps fulfill that purpose, despite the name.Judging by the quality construction of the old trap versus the new, Havahart hasn't changed.  It is still the same quality product today that it was in years past.  Buy with confidence.Trapping success rate depends on bait and the animal you're trying to catch.  There are always a few that know what to avoid like my local rabbits that prefer to dine in safety on my flowers rather  than bait.
This trap seems reasonably well constructed and requires no assembly, so I cannot really fault the manufacturer, but it has been sitting in our garden with lettuce inside for a few days and the hare that frequented our veggies continues to ignores it. Come to think about it, why would it bother to go inside a metal cage when there is plenty of yummy food outside?So, I upgraded the bait to a tomato, and the hare cleaned it out without triggering the trap doors. I tried another tomato and switched the trap to one-end-opened-only. The hare again cleaned out the bait and the trap was tripped this time, but the hare was nowhere to be found. I repeated the process with a strawberry, with the same result. The hare must think of this thing as a feeding station now.================================== Added 6/21/2013 ==================================After deploying a wildlife observation camera next to the trap, I finally solved the mystery. It turns out the fruit thief is not the rabbit after all. Instead, the camera caught two chipmunks enjoying the baits. Once the trap is triggered, they simply squeeze through the wire mesh and escape. Amazingly, after all the yummy treats, they do not seem to gain weight.This appears to be a major design flaw. Unless your yard is free of chipmunks and field mice, the baits will go to these little critters without anything to show for them.
This is yet another good product from Havahart. Time was that I thought squirrels were cute. Now they are a major nuisance. They find it oh so convenient to move into any of my buildings and create unwelcome messes. Oh yeah, thanks for providing a nice dry even somewhat heated place for me to raise little squirrels. Arg!!This trap works just fine and the manufacturer gives instructions on which bait to use for which animal. That's good because here on the river there are also skunks and I have no intention of accidentally trapping one of those. So here it is: a trap designed for squirrels, well made for repeated use which no doubt it will get over the years. Thanks!
I have used the Havahart animal traps for years and have been very pleased with them. I have used the larger one for trapping raccoons for many years. This smaller trap is designed to catch smaller animals like squirrels, armadillos, rabbits, etc. The new improved design actually works better than my older larger trap. It uses a cable and lever on top of the cage for easier setting. All you do is set the bait and push the lever to set the trap. An animal entering the cage will step on the trap door which quickly slams both doors on each end. The previous version only closed at one end. This one increases your chances of catching the critter. Made of strong steel, the animal cannot escape. You can then relocate to the wild or to an animal shelter. The trap isn't always foolproof. Sometimes animals can enter and retrieve the bait without setting the trap (raccoons are especially clever) but the trap works 90% of the time.
This improved version of the Havahart trap allows one door to remain closed when the trap is set.  With the bait (food) placed farther inside the trap near that closed door, there is less chance of the animal escaping as happened frequently with our older version.  This new trap is incredibly easy to set and to release with one hand.
The two end trap doesn't work on smarter pests, like the average Raccoon. I concocted a workaround, using a paperclip I hang the bait over the trip plate and get the little rodents about a third of the time. Just putting bait behind the plate, they will just come in the other door. I also wish the sensitivity was adjustable, because something is delicately stealing the bait much of the time (Possum?). Any way, its a descent trap just needs a little added engineering......
My husband is an avid trapper and we own many of these types of live traps. The older styles we have are hard to set, I was impressed with how easily this is to set. It's also very easy to open to release the animal. It's great to have one of these on hand if you have chickens or other prey animals so you can relocate the nuisance animal.
Havahart brand of live traps are used by professionals and the general public alike.  We own several different sizes and models but this is our first two door trap.  If a small, skittish animal like squirrels or rabbits can see an open trap instead of a closed-end trap, they are more likely to enter.  The only problem I have with the trap is the PLASTIC HANDLE.  I prefer a metal one, since these traps are left out in the elements and plastic cracks and breaks.  Other than that, this trap does what it says it will do...
This is the best trap, construction wise, I have ever had. Living in the country one is always moving animals around from their garden to a a a... neighbors garden. The Havahart trap is very well made with strong gage wire, solid construction (unlike those folding cages), rubber coated metal cables, great thought out design and easy to use.Now for the reason this is part one. I haven't trapped an animal in it yet. Apparently the rabbits in my yard (and I have a lot of them) are smarter then everyones elses rabbits. The cage has been out for a week now. The rabbits eat the vegetables, trip the trap and go home for a nice nap. Not sure how they are doing it. In defense of the rabbits it may be a squirrel doing the veggie steal but if it is how are they not getting caught? Yes I followed directions. Even watched all the videos just in case I was missing something.I'm still trying and when I finally catch an animal I will update here. I know trapping an animal isn't always 100% fool proof so I will keep trying and eventually prevail.With all said I still think this is a well-made trap.
I wanted to try this as a neighbor is always shooting the squirrels ,rabbits and really does not care  that his BB gun is not very effective at killing them so they suffer.The  havahart Trap works great. Easy to set up and easy to realease the critters you catch.I thought I would try trapping them and relocating them.  I have not caught any skunks but then we have never had any around here. You can easly disguise it by covering with pine needles, branches etc. The cage also protects whatever you catch from being injured until you can release it.It is one thing if another animal catches them as a food source, but to kill them because they do the things squirrles, rabbits, etc do is senseless.I have also used it to transport small  injured animals  to the rehabiltation center. It keeps the animal secure,you can still get a syringe through the openings ( for anesthesia)so no one gets hurt when removing  the animal from the cage.The price is reasonable. It is well made. Other Havahear traps I have seen last forever!
I say that because the trap can be a bit difficult to get used to, especially if you have not used one before. Just practice opening and closing it because when you actually do use it to trap an animal, you won't have time to read the instructions on what to do to release, etc.!This is our 3rd Havahart trap.  We have a smaller one and a larger one. I really like this size - the #1062 - for rescuing feral kittens and very small cats.  You certainly would not want to use it for a large cat because it is not made for that and the cat could be constricted to the point it might get hurt.Havahart traps are the best and the most humane and in my opinion, the easiest to use, especially the 2 door traps.  If you are transporting a feral cat to a vet for spay/neutering, they can easily be released into a carrier or a cage.We are not in an area with skunks or squirrels, but do have cats and rabbits.  We have rabbit rescues in the area who will help relocate them.Again, this size is made for exactly what it says - rabbits, skunks and squirrels.If you are looking for a Havahart to trap larger animals such as feral or lost and scared cats, buy the #1045.  That's the one we have.I would also suggest after you set the trap to cover the top and sides with a dark fabric so the animal can't see the actual trap. Lots of rescue groups make covers out of old sheets with an opening on the top to allow the handle to be accessible.  The cats are then transported with the cover still on.  Helps also if you have trapped an unneutered male/female cat and they spray!There are lots of 'humane' traps out there on the market, but if you truly want a trap that is humane and will not hurt the animal and is well constructed, buy Havahart. You don't EVER want to see an animal - in our case a cat - whose leg gets caught when that door slams down....trust me on that :(  At that time, we didn't know there was a difference in the quality and construction of live animal traps and there definitely is.
One problem with most traps is they can be tricky to set, and tend to trip when you try to bait them.  Also, if you catch & release, opening the trap requires you to get your hands on the door and face awfully close to the trap.  This trap couldn't be easier to use.  Pull the handle, and it sets.  Hold the handle and load the bait in.  When you want to release, pull the handle again and step back so the animal can exit.  This trap is very sturdily built, and the trigger works fine, as one very surprised squirrel has already discovered.  If there are any cons with this unit, I haven't found them.  I can definitely recommend this to anyone who needs to rid their yard of varmints.
This Made-in-the-USA steel trap is a nice upgrade to the previous design which I've owned for about 10 years.This is a solid, well-made and ingenious device for live trapping of rabbit-sized mammals.  It is made with heavy stainless steel for use in any weather.This new design uses cables and lever on top for easy setting - just place the bait and push the lever and place the trap.  When the animal steps on the plate in middle of the trap, both doors drop and lock in place.  Throw a towel over the trap to calm the animal, bring the trap to the release location, push the lever and let it go.The heavy steel cage ensures the animal can't bite it's way out.My original Havahart trap from 10 years ago has lasted fine and still works like new, being left outside for months at a time, and having helped relocate many rabbits over that time.  This one is more complicated and has more parts, such as the 2 cables and springs to help ensure the locking bars which hold the doors shut fall into place quickly.  So this trap may require a little more care (and oiling) to ensure it lasts as long.This trigger plate isn't quite as sensitive as the old one, which means it is easier to place the trap without it snapping shut, but also if the animal is cautious it might not go off.  once a rabbit apparently sneaked in, ate the bait, and left without setting it off.  The old one was very sensitive and the slightest touch would snap it shut due to the different mechanism.  However, it was trickier to set - instead of the new single lever that can be set with one hand, it required a couple of bars to be carefully placed together.  It was also a little harder to release the animal than the new design.So far I appreciate this new easy-to-use design and will report back in a year or so with an update.This is a great trap and the perfect size for rabbits or squirrels.  We've used the previous design for catching both rabbits in the garden (using any bait or even none) and squirrels in my Dad's attic (using peanut butter) and it has worked like a champ.
These Havahart traps work very well. I had one in that past that I used to catch and relocate squirrels that clustered about our bird feeder. I could catch at least one a day and often 3 in a day. Over the course of the summer I carted off over 150 squirrels. None were hurt and when released ran off without any signs of injury. The traps work well and are easy to maintain.
My old Have a Heart trap opened on one end only.  This one is open on both ends when set, so it appears less confining to the animal being captured.  The handguard under the handle is also a good feature.
We bought one a few weeks ago and we're enjoying watching the birds so much that I bought another one for the other side of the house.  The birds found it within seconds.  One was drinking before I even got back in the house.
Years ago I kept buying expensive humming bird feeders and then not liking them or they would break.  Or they were awful to clean.  On a whim I bought one of these somewhere at the end of the season on sale.  I couldn't believe how terrific it was.  They come in different sizes and right now I have one 16 oz and a 32 oz.  Easy to clean, easy to fill, and the birds love them!  Highly recommend.  Don't melt yours in the dishwasher like I did.  Hand wash.
This feeder is easy to clean and the hummers seem to like it quite well. I don't like that it's plastic. It's the best feeder I've owned.
This is a very basic feeder that I have owned for about 4 years now.  It holds a good amount of nectar and does a good job of attracting the hummingbirds.  As for its durability, all I can say for me is that it is almost like new after 4 years of summer use.  Here in New England we only get one species of hummer that comes this far north, (the ruby throated) and then only in late spring through summer.  Since my feeder is only exposed to the wind, sun, and rain for about 4 months out of the year, the durability of its plastic is excellent.  (In the winter I clean it throughly and store it away).  The only thing I would say about this feeder is my usually needing a tool to accomplish getting the base separated for cleaning.  It's supposed to twist off but I seldom manage that without giving it a head start with a screwdriver. But I have always managed to get it done and with no worse for the wear on the feeder.  I don't know about this feeders durability being that it's made entirely out of plastic if I lived in a part of the country that was fortunate enough to get hummers near year round.  But here in New England where its a seasonal privilege, its a good feeder at a great price that I have had excellent luck with... : )
Made of thin plastic. Very basic construction.Very easy to load, and very easy to clean. Once filled, carry it out to the yard in a pan, because it will leak if tilted in the slightest. the birds have no trouble getting the fluid. If you want them to hover entertainingly instead of perch there, break off the little outriggers. I'm not gonna... these little guys need a rest once in awhile.
We purchased these as a replacement for 3 others that were looking tired after many years and washes.  They are exactly the same size as the originals.  They're easy to take apart and wash which is a must before you refill.  The price we paid also beat the large department store that also carries them.
This is a really nice large hummingbird feeder so you don't have to fill as often.  I usually have 7 feeders going at one time.  It comes apart quickly and is easy to keep clean with a little brushing.  Has thin rim around so the little hummers can rest their claws while feeding.  Many birds feed at one time.  Even have a family of orioles that like it!  Makes my life easier.
I purchased two of these in March of 2012 and have loved them!!!  In fact, we've been having hummingbirds for about a month now.  We live waaaay out in the country in North East Texas.  Hot blazing sun....eats plastic like no one's business.  These have withstood the test of time.  This is the third summer I've used them.  Sure, the red has faded a little, but these feeders are easy to clean, no cracks or leaks.  I always clean them & bring them inside for the winter.  We've probably had at least ten to fifteen different feeders over 20 years & these are the ABSOLUTE BEST, in my humble opinion!  You can't go wrong with them.  They DO LAST!
A very good feeder, easy to clean and fill.  I have the hummingbirds all over it at, a very good buy.
I've had this long enough to refill it a couple of times. It was easy to clean & refill. I like the clasp on the top because this feeder is replacing one that fell down in the wind and this one can't. It has Christmas mini lights wrapped around it right now to keep it from freezing as we have cold weather and our little Anna's hummingbirds are appreciative.
I tried everything I could to get rid of fleas this past summer. It's hard to pinpoint exactly what did the trick but I did notice a significant reduction in fleas (and ultimately an elimination of fleas) after using this product. I spread it everywhere I could think of, but mostly on furniture and area rugs in my living room. After waiting a few minutes I vacuumed it back up and within a week or so I didn't see any more fleas. Granted, I continued to vacuum and clean everyday after this, but I had been doing that before using DE with minimal results. I would recommend a combination of compulsive cleaning, DE, and flea vacuum pellets for flea problems.Be prepared for a mess. DE is a super fine powder and coats everything. Also, wear a mask when spreading it. I didn't and I got a pretty bad headache, but I'll take a headache and a mess over fleas any day.After spreading this once I have about 7lbs left over...
I don't use much DE, so I'm guessing this'll last me several years in the garden, and on my dog.I bought the larger amount because it was the bets price I could find ANYWHERE. These diatom shells are millions of years old, so i figure they'll easily last another 5 years sitting in my garage. Never have to buy DE again, and I got it cheap as can be.
DE is a natural product made from hard-shelled algae. I sprinkle it around the outside of the house and around my garden to kill ants, ticks and fleas. It shreds insects to death, but is safe to use in the home and around pets. If you use it for your garden, be careful not to put it on the plant to on the flower buds, as it will harm honey bees. It feels like flour and can even be consumed. It can be mixed with your dogs or cats food or you can drink it yourself mixed in water with a little cinnamon. I put a little bit on my dog to prevent fleas, and it seems to be working. This is a useful product to have on hand and 10 lbs will go a long way.
Works on roaches very well.  I tried to get rid of my ants, but it doesn't seem to do anything.  The roaches are all dead and gone.
I should have taken pictures before DE and after DE. I don't even believe the results myself. I have only taken one tablespoon a day for four days. On day two, my ragged and bleeding hangnails were completely healed (they don't hurt any more either). On day three, I noticed my pores were nearly invisible compared to how they were before I started DE. My skin has a nice glow to it now, looks fresh. I am hoping for even better skin results as I continue to take it daily. I have also started giving it to the dogs every morning in their kibble. Our two oldest dogs have so much more energy and pep now you would think they were puppies (minus their grey hair). I also put some DE around the outside doors to keep ants out and I haven't seen one ant since I put the DE out. I will continue to use DE. It is economical and it works!
I've used this for the first time this year to help control both Japanese beetle infestation on my green beans and a Caterpillar infestation on my cabbages. This product was effective in reducing both populations to a manageable level within a week. I've also used this to deal with an ant hill to great effect. You must keep in mind when using this product that it doesn't discriminate against good vs bad insects, and should be used sparingly as a treatment, not as a deterrent.
I set up a test site to experiment on ways and chemicals to eliminates ants.  This product is only one of two that works.  I have an invasion of Argentina army ants.  The liquid Terro works with qualifications.  The granular Terro does not work.  This stuff worked and when you have a well covered area with dust the ants will not go there.  I put som greasy chicken bones in the middle of the dust and the ants would not go in the area covered.  They would go close but not in the dust.  The liquid sprays work on contact but they say they continue to work for 90 days.  Not so, unless they mean the ant comes back to life in 90 days.  One day after the spray the ants come back with any liquid spray I tried. What I need is a delivery system that will shoot the stuff 10 feet.
First let me say that I have gone through a LOT of hoses in my day...a LOT.  From cheap junk, to coiled, to commercial grade rubber that I could hardly move.Finding a balance is not easy, but this hose fits in that category - not too heavy, but definitely not cheap either.  I have yet to see it kink, but I should note one thing for those that might be considering going with this or the Tuff-Guard (TG) (as I was):  while it's true that this one doesn't kink, it behaves in a completely different way from the TG in that it TWISTS in your hand, until you hold it &#34;correctly&#34;, thus avoiding kinking.  I guess due to the flexibility of the material (or lack thereof).  Kind of annoying, but MUCH less annoying than kinking, which just enrages me like the Hulk for some reason.I actually have this hose connected to a 50' run of the TG, and even though this Flexzilla costs generally $10 to $15 less,I much prefer the TG, only due to the action I described above, which does not happen with the TG.One drawback of the TG, especially if you abuse your hoses like I do (dragging on concrete, dragging under fences, etc), is that the hard plastic ridges rub up and scratch quite a bit, and turn white, making the hose look absolutely awful.  But if I bought hoses for prettiness, then I certainly wouldn't have bought this neon/lime green one, either! :D (I actually like the color of this hose, so only half joking there)Overall, a very good hose, highly recommended, but if you are willing to pay just a little more, I would definitely go with the Tuff-Guard for the ultimate in non-kinking, non-twisting, truly tough as nails.
Almost completely kink-proof in the first month of use.  Fittings high quality.  Will come back and review in another year as I store it outside, though in the shade. I expect it will last well,
Please do not get me wrong I purchased two of these hoses site unseen, from a product review on a local gardening show. It does the job, but they were not what I had expected. It was described as not your general pocket hose, but I mistakenly thought it was similar just a better design and quality. The picture online is a bit deceiving it looks small, but is large. It is a high quality, full size hose, but I could have gotten something similar at my local hardware or box store. The material the hose is made of is not rigid but supple and it does not kink, but it is heavy and does take a bit of time winding it up because I have to manipulate it a bit to wind the way I want it to go.
IT IS MY BELIEF THAT THERE IS NO PERFECT HOSE BECAUSE GOD WANTS US TO RELY ON HIM.  It's the only explanation there could possibly be.  We can go to the moon, to the bottom of the ocean, microwave food, have test tube babies but we can't have a freaking easy to handle hose that doesn't leak.So onto the hose.  It's is light weight and doesn't kink much but it does coil up.  It's hard to roll back on the holder.  It's a bit of a fight BUT it's light so better then a rubber / heavy hose.  It's seems well bad and will last for years.
The main thing I like about this hose is that it is extremely light and seems to be holding up. If it gives me any problems, I will update this review.
hello,we have owned so many hoses that we lost count.  rubber, plastic, curly, non kink, lifetime warranty, etc.  they all did their respective jobs, but eventually wore out or were not repairable.  this hose is very lightweight for a 50 foot hose.  the kinks just pop straight when stretched.  be warned... when you first hook up the hose and put on a sprayer head, the hose will kink to no end.  just pull out the kinks by twisting to make a long smooth hose.  when you turn off the water, the hose should curl easily into near perfect circles to store the hose away. the water flow is so much better than other hoses we have owned.  after fighting to uncurl those lightweight curly hoses, this hose is so much better for every day use.  those curly hoses are plastic and can easily break or split.  owner repairable, but not worth the effort.the hose is lightweight and the color is 80's fluorescent, but looks very cool in the green garden. the gardeners with their nasty weed whackers will not mistake this color for grass or weeds.  we will see how long this hose will last with the usual amount of use in the garden.  great product and fast delivery...
Good quality hose that is very light and does not kink.  That said, just try rolling it up.  It has a strong memory and refuses to change it's shape which makes it a bit difficult to put away.Update:After a couple weeks of use, it does kink.  It is easy to unkink, if that is a word, with a whipping motion I am sure you are all aware of.  I still do not like trying to coil this hose.
My mother said that her existing hose was to heavy and hard to handle. I have used the Flexzilla air hoses before, so I thought this garden hose might be a good choice for her. She likes that it is so flexible and easy to see. My sister used it and said that it's the best hose she has ever used! Probably a hint for this Christmas. My take on this hose is that it is very supple and will lay any which way you want. Light in weight and flows plenty of water. I suspect that it would not take being abused as well as some of the stiffer hoses on the market.
So, I know I needed one of these &#34;things&#34; to dig my dandelions out.  I went online and looked at reviews, and selected this lovely item.  Once it came I realized...I don't really know how these work.  I mean I could figure out the general idea without any stressful thought, but I have no idea if I'm using it to its best potential.  Sometimes the root breaks off underground....is that just a fact of life, or am I using it wrong?  Sometimes I feel like I'm disturbing a lot of earth...is that normal?Such anxiety causing questions.Really though, even if I'm using it wrong...the major goal is accomplished--the weed and a good portion of its root comes up.  I just wish it would come with a little manual or something to help me feel more confident in my technique....maybe that's what google is for..
I purchased this weeder based on the excellent reviews, but I had a totally different experience with this product.  I used this tool for about 1 hr straight today.  Mostly I was weeding dandelions (this weeder really looks to be a take on the traditional dandelion digger, so I thought it would work well).  But I also used it to weed various other types of weeds throughout the yard and garden.As other reviewers have pointed out, the tool does have very sharp points and is built to last - nice, heavy, one-piece polished aluminum construction and nice quality handle.  However, I was very disappointed in the functionality of this tool, mainly because of the design of the functional weeding tip.  The widest opening at tip (top width of the V) is only 3/8\" (actually slightly less than 3/8\") and it is a very narrow V (the vertical cutting part of the V is 3/4\").  It just did not work for big dandelions - the root of big dandelions is just too large to fit nicely into the cutting area, even if when I used force to try to cut off large roots, it did not work well. I think this is also because the inside cutting edges of the V are very dull, so it does not cut roots well.  Also, the V is very narrow and thick and gets clogged with dirt easily.  Another point about the design is that the lever is at a very flat, awkward angle and does not work well for \"popping\" weeds.  I did try different angles and positions of the Fiskars weeder and it just did not work for me.  It seemed to take so much effort to use.The only minor success that I had was in very soft soil in a mulched garden bed, but definitely worse than the standard dandelion digger.  It also worked okay for digging under clover on bare soil.  I cannot imagine using this tool in thick grass or hard dirt.  Definitely do not recommend.  I will try sharpening my traditional dandelion digger tip and continue using it.
The only reason I won't give it 4 stars is because the handle could have a thin layer of neoprene for cushion. As for those complaining about the small 3/8\" opening not pulling up the larger dandelions, I haven't had a problem. The aluminum does go 3/4 of the way down the handle so it's almost full tang, YEA! This tool will probably be handed down to my next of kin when I die and still fully functional.
This has a very comfortable handle, does the job for which it is intended and is available at a reasonable price. I can't say that it makes weeding a pleasure but it does take some of the drudgery out of a necessary task. This is a worthwhile tool.
I powered through a lawn full of dandelions in no time this afternoon. The Fiskars Softouch Weeder is sturdy, ergonomic, and effective at its task. Really, there is nothing they could have done to improve this tool. Well done!This product is made in China.
Got this for my mom.  Very sturdy and comfortable grip.  Easy to use and weeds out the roots!  Great weeder and great price.
I put a 9'x4' flower bed in front of my porch in March 2012 and have really enjoyed it. The only part I don't like is the weeding. When I planted the flower bed, it seemed like weeding such a small area regularly would be no trouble at all. More experienced gardeners are probably enjoying a good laugh at that. LOLWhat I didn't expect was how stubborn so many of the weeds and grass would be - many would break at the stem and leave the root in the ground. I resolved to get a weeding tool to help.Last weekend I attacked that flower bed with the Fiskars 7060 Softouch Weeder and I can ecstatically report that it was MUCH easier to weed that flower bed with this tool! The long, forked tip really gets into the ground to loosen the root, even with the tenacious grass.The grip was so comfortable to use that I will definitely consider the Fiskars line of gardening tools the next time I need something.I would highly recommend this weeder to anyone who needs to weed a small area like a flower bed.
I've been through a lot of weeders in my gardening life, and this one is the BEST!  I love the grip, and the ergonomic design.  It pops dandelions like nobody's business, and it makes crabgrass absolutely jump out of the ground.  Best of all, it's relatively cheap.  This is a fine addition to the gardening arsenal.
Love Fiskars products but this is not a good product for my use.  I have a large garden so this wouldn't work for me but could be useful for small gardener.  Better off using cobra type of weeder.
It does job much better than I expected.  Great for taking out annoying clovers; cleaner and efficient than using my own fingers.
This works great at helping pull up the weeds with stickers.  It pulls from the root keeping them from growing back.
Like many gardens, an Alaskan garden can have lots of huge weeds, tons of clover (spreading runners), well entrenched dandelions, and other yet to be identified things.  (There is this oddly invasive thing that looks like a wild chamomile, but I couldn't get an accurate ID on it.)Have great success by plunging this tool down vertically adjacent to the weed, moving it around to break things up, give a swift twist of the wrist in an upward direction & the offender pops out. Enables you to get the root tip & pull the weed out in its entirety.  There you go, great tool, nice weight, nice design. Purchasing my third one shortly-nice little gift for your gardener friends.Did you know Gardening is the #1 Exercise & The #1 Hobby nationwide?addendum:For really hard work-and we're talking Alaskan gardens especially (very difficult soil)- sometimes the trusty mattock is your best friend (about $5 at Home Depot), A mattock is a small sledge hammer, Relatively lightweight. Woe be to your weedy nemesis with a combination of these tools!
Soon as this came in I got to work.  I had a lot of dandelions growing around my yard.  I used this tool to get under them and pull them out.  Well worth the price, built very well and it is simple to use.
this little weeder is very well made and has a comfy grip.  The bend allows for some added strength in pulling up the weeds and works quite well.  i would recommend this weeder.
I used this to de-weed a large flower bed over the weekend.  This works better than my old one.  The curve really helps pry against the ground while causing minimal impact to the mulch around the weed (doesn't stir dirt on top of the mulch).
These are very reliable test strips.  The ideal way to use these strips is to put them about 10 inches under the water for a nice solid 60 seconds.  If you use them too close to the top of the water where it's shallow, you'll probably get a false reading.  You know, after 25 years of owning pools, sometimes I wonder why I even bother using test strips.  Whenever a problem occurs it's almost always because of a lack of chlorine.  The pH and alkalinity are usually perfectly fine.  Oh well.  You can use the chart on the back of the bottle to find out what the OK range is.  Anything outside of the OK range means you need to take action because if you don't (and trust me on this one) your pool water WILL turn green in a hurry.  It starts as a little bit of fog, then a slight lime green color, then before you know it, a slimy olive shade of yucky, unswimmable green.  Do NOT let it get to that point!  Not even the frogs will jump in water that green.
These strips work well and are easy to use; couldn't be simpler.  Much easier than the pool test kits.  Reasonably accurate and easy to read if you are not color blind.  Bought at Amazon for a fraction of the cost at my local pool store.  I've been using these strips exclusively now for 2 years with no complaints.
Learning the pool chemistry stuff is kind of mind boggling really.  How much of this for how big of a pool and how often, what is shock? Ph up, ph down free chlorine.  This at least gives me a reasonable idea of being in the ballpark and is fairly affordable.  I have a bleached out spot in the liner but no ones bathing suit has bleached out and no one has had red eyes or infections so I guess I must be doing something right.
sure beats putting water into a vial then adding drops of test solution and shaking until you get your results. These are very easy to use pull out a test strip different in the water and wait about 15 seconds and your water is tested. Don't get much easier than this.
I first started with the vials, thinking these strips wouldn't be as accurate. After multiple readings over the years with various kits, these Aqua Chek strips are the easiest way to profile pool water.I love the cap, which lets you shake out one strip at a time. The less exposure to the elements, the longer they last. I've used expired (by a year) strips of this brand, and they were still accurate.Dip in, and the felt pads change color. Check the color against the label to find out if you are over, under, or just right.
Very easy to use when you are using the small 1 inch tablet Floating Chlorine - 1, 2, 3 - in a few seconds - you have your answer! Awesome for those large inflatable pools and prolongs the lifespan of the water usage and not having to constantly refilling the pool all the time! A necessary item to have to go along with the 1 inch Floating Chlorine; recommend is to get one that has a dial or a controlled device on bottom so you would never have too much Chlorine or too little - no damaging to the pool and helps keeps the PH finely in tune. Depending on how often you use it, it is recommended you check this once a week!
I have reused these over and over. I do wish they were more durable. So I put them in carbboard boxes to make it easier to move them around. Other than that. awesome!
It was nice to get so many plants going at one time all in one place and under one hood. They soaked up the water in 30 minuts and I was a planting. Sprouts were up in four days.
A nice price for an all inclusive set up. Will be getting more this spring when I start buying more seeds again.
I bought the Jiffy 72-plant starter from Walmart at a very low price. It consists of a thin black plastic tray, a transparent plastic cover and another piece of thin black plastic sheet with holes for the peat pellets. The peat pellets are included too. All one has to do is to add water and wait for the peat to expand. (The pellets have fabric wrappings around them to keep them in the right shape, although one of them is broken and the peat overflows into a shapeless mess.) Then seeds can be planted in them. The cover goes on to keep the moisture in. It is important to take the cover off as soon as the seeds sprout roots or stems, for fungus may grow otherwise.Overall, the whole thing is very cheaply made, but it does work and the (Walmart) price cannot be beat. I have two other starter sets from Gardeners.com. They are made of equally flimsy plastic but in a more sophisticated design (similar toBurpee Ultimate Seed Starting System) with Styrofoam holders that allow the use of ordinary potting soil, which has better resistance against fungus than a bag of peat. They cost 4 times as much, however, and hold only 1/3 as many seedlings. For budget seed growing, Jiffy remains the best bet.
I have used these before and it is a very easy way to keep my garden going year round here in Arizona. We are lucky to have good weather and I take advantage of it. I am disabled and in a wheel chair. I'm sure there are many of us who love to garden and need to figure a way to do it. This is how to start right at my kitchen table! Then to a sunny room until they are ready for a raised bed. It is very efficient.
I decided to give everyone flowers for Easter this year so started VERY early with flowers and this comes with peat pellets and a clear lid. Just add water, your seeds and I also recommend a heat mat for under it & your seeds will sprout and grow very fast.
I bought 72-planter at Wall-Mart for $5.63. All you need to do, put water drop the seeds and cover it up. No mess, clean and easy. Yes, the plastic is not durable, but I do not see why you need durable plastic. When seeds sprout, I easily transform them individually because they do no sprout at the same time. Thanks to fabric around the pellet, it does not fall a part and easily transformed into the ground. I saved the tray and bought pellets individually to re-fill for about $0.06 each. Tray is flimsy, but strong enough to use it over and over with re-fill pellets. It is easy, clean and saves time. No dealing with messy soil, transforming from one pot to another, just stick it to the ground after sprouting and let it grow. Love it.
I thought I was ordering the larger peat pellets more suitable for tomato and bean seeds.  Instead, these are the smaller ones more suitable for smaller seeds, measuring around 1.5\" across.  But that is OK because these work great for germination sets and later transplants and I use smaller sizes, too.  When these are saturated with water the peat inside the mesh holds for the duration of the root growing period.I use aluminum baking pans with clear plastic lids as mini greenhouses.  These are a lot cheaper than those plastic germination sets for sale everywhere.This product is made in Canada.
These are a little smaller than the ones that come in the 25-plant jiffy kit, but they do the job well.  We have had great success with planting indoors using these pods, then transplanting outside after a couple weeks.
I use the 36 pellet size because it is easier to handle and I don't need to start more seeds than that at one time. The pellets make it so easy to garden. Just start your seeds in them and transfer the whole pellet with thw baby plant into a pot or the ground. I don't have to feed them, just water and give them plenty of light.
I love these.  They work great!  They are not messy like soil.  You just pop them in; add seeds and water and you are good to go...when they are big enough...it comes out easily and pops right in the ground.
I got a 'hot house' that fits 72  of these for starting my seeds. Starting on my second batch of seeds using these refills. Just soak them overnight then plant your seeds. Transplant quickly and easily with little to no mess.
Cranked up right out the box, only requires you to attach nozzle.  I use it to clean carport, driveway, and piles of leaves/grass in the yard.  Works great for all purposes and cant beat a 7 year warranty.
This is the first 2 cycle gas powered tool I've owned.. I previously had an electric blower which was very powerful, but not very convenient for obvious reasons (corded).This is 75% as powerful as the electric, which is more than enough for light home use (blowing out the garage, driveway, pathways around the property, etc).  Keep in mind that you need to mix gas with oil for this, so order the oil as well (not included).  It started right up on the 2nd pull.  Its not as loud as I thought it would be.  If you don't use it regularly, be sure to use a fuel stabilizer or empty the fuel lines.
I've gone through a progression of blowers in my 10 years as a home owner.  Started with electrics, and gradually moved up to a 4-cycle (had to change oil yearly, pain the arse) and now a few 2-cycles. Earlier this year I purchased theTanaka Commercial Grade 25cc 1.3 HP Blower THB-260PFand absolutely love it.  I purchased this Hitachi on a gold box deal and rebate bringing it down to seventy dollars - and intended it for light use and/or whomever might want to help me with the leaves this year. It came today, put in ETHANOL FREE 89 Octane withRoyal Purple 2 Cycle TCWIIIandSea Foam Fuel TreatmentStarted on first pull.  I also useMr. Funnel F3C Water Removal Fuel Filterwhich is probably overkill because of the Ethanol Free fuel, but you can never be to careful - I've spent a few thousand upgraded all my lawn equipment this year and want to take great care of it.I don't care what anyone says this little thing is POWERFUL.  Loud? Yes - louder than my Tanaka no doubt.  But its light, extremely maneuverable even with the shorter tube - and have not noticed any disadvantages in performance because of its length. (that's what she said) Because of these features I'll most likely use this blower more than the Tanaka - especially with new affliction of Golfers Elbow.JUST REMEMBER TO USE ETHANOL FREE FUEL IN ALL SMALL ENGINES!!!If you can't find Ethanol Free at a gas station - go to your local marina - they will have it.  Expensive, but its totally worth it.  Combined with a quality 2-cycle oil and Seafoam mix, your engine will last forever.The warranty doesn't cover the fuel lines - which will burst if you have Ethanol fuel in the lines or tank over a long period of time/winter.  If you have any doubts on the havoc Ethanol will inflict on your small engine, just do a quick Google search, you'll never use Ethanol fuel again!
I bought this after researching which blowers got good review ratings and were also light (my wife wanted this).  This one was hands down the winner.  I gave it a trial (it's the wrong time of year for heavy use) and it worked really well.  The only negative I would give it is that it wants 89 octane fuel, not the regular 87 that most other equipment and vehicles use.
Like the HItachi trimmer that I bought, this unit had hardening of the gas tubing within a year after purchase.  After two years, the tubing was brittle enough that it began to break.  I decided to take advantage of the big warranty only to find out:a) the warranty doesn't cover the fuel tubing (which is what was breaking)b) I'd have to drive &#62; 25 miles to get it servicedc) the fuel tubing is out of stock everywhere (presumably because they are all breaking)I give this two stars because it was a cheap and powerful blower when it was working.  But now I have to go buy a new one and I definitely want something that will last longer than three years!Don't let the warranty claims fool you; this is not a good product and Chinese Hitachi does not stand behind it.
Purchased this blower based on the multiple glowing reviews it received.Bought one via 'Warehouse Deals' which was supposed to be in 'like new' condition. Box was pretty beaten up and taped in multiple places but blower looked unused to me. Waited for my first day off from work to try it out and on the advice of another reviewer tried the \"TruFuel\" product to use instead of using the gas + oil mixture.Took about 15 pulls on the cord to start it up on first use and then sputtered for some time before finally beginning to run smoothly. With the aggravation of the rough start I would still probably have kept it but in a side by side test with my electric powered Toro Ultra Blower I found almost no difference between what the gas and electric blower could accomplish.Amazon as always has the best customer service and quickly refunded me after I decided that it wasn't worth the hassle to deal with this gas blower.
I bought this because my Hitachi string trimmer is so good and I haven't been disappointed.  Previously I went to a battery operated string trimmer after I gave up on my gas unit after two paid service calls that fixed it so it would start for 3 weeks.  When the batteries died after two years I tried the Hitachi based upon reviews and the 7 year warranty.Like the trimmer, the blower starts every time, the second pull out of the box, first time each time since.  The air velocity is notably better and stronger than the neighbor's brand X and it's of course much more convenient than my previous corded electric version.  It easily moves leaves, grass clippings, and wood chips and slivers from chain sawing two large trees.Although there are only three pieces to assemble, assembly was difficult.  The end piece on the two piece nozzle is a tight fit and the nozzle to the motor housing is an equally tight fit.  It was a two person job and still difficult.  I would not want to have to disassemble and reassemble it for every use.5 stars because it's powerful and starts easily every time.Added after a year of use.  Still strong and always starts.  If you're right handed, you have to hold it away from your body  or you'll block the air inlet.  If you're blowing a yard full of leaves, that can get tiresome.  Holding it in your left hand isn't a problem, the exhaust is aimed forward.  There's no strap or place to hook one, so you can't hang it over your shoulder.  Just observations, still very happy with this.
We had a little rough patch to start, Hitachi and I.  She went through a hard break in period of about 2 hours (running) where starting was a chore and getting it up to speed took a lot of patience (cough, sputter, choke).  After the break in, it really starts and runs nice (still takes a little longer to warm up than my Sears model does - could be that it needs to be adjusted for altitude).  When I put my Craftsman blower side by side with this one, they seem to make the same amount of wind, and the same amount of noise.  I paid $55 for that one on sale (it also has a vacuum bag & attachments), and $150 for this one.  I just spent $30 repairing the craftsman (the recoil spring broke) so it will be interesting to see over time how much I spend on repairs and if it ends up costing more than the hitachi which has a 7 year warranty.Update 5/29/13:  After a few more weeks of running, this blower has really broken in and runs like a dream.  It starts on the first pull almost every time, and the warm up issues have gone away.
this is WAAAYYY better than the cylinder shape feeders. more birds can perch while drinking and the design just makes sense. love the little bar they can sit on. MUCH easier to clean than the bottle style ones. overal GREAT. i bought the larger one and the smaller one.
I've been feeding hummingbirds for many years with both nectar feeders as well as planting flowering vines and plants that they love.  Several years ago, someone suggested to me that I put out my feeder earlier in the spring (early to mid-March here).  The male hummingbirds arrive earlier than the females in order to find an ideal feeding and nesting spot...this gives them a leg-up (wing-up?) on the other males in wooing the females when they finally arrive.  Well, I did as suggested and it worked!  For the past three years, we have ended up with a nest in our large crape myrtle tree at the end of the porch.  It's been fun to watch as the babies begin to fly and drink at the feeder.  Hummingbirds are devilish little things...quite territorial and aggressive (even with their siblings).  Because of this territorial nature, I've had to hang an extra feeder to reduce the squabbles.  Hummingbird habits may vary by region or type, but having the multiple feeding holes on each of the feeders has been unnecessary since they fight each other off and usually only one bird will feed at a time.The feeder I've been using is thePerky-Pet 203CP Pinch Waist Glass 8-Ounce Hummingbird Feederwhich has worked great and is easy to clean and more economical in its use of nectar (none is wasted).  However, in ordering a second easy-clean feeder, I went with this one by Aspects.  It, too, is very easy to clean.  The main thing that I like about it over our other one is that the hummingbirds are much more visible when they come to feed.  It hangs easily using the included rod or you could also position it at the top of a post (safely out of reach of predators of course).  Adding water to the inner moat will help to deter ants.  Unlike the design of many other feeders, so far I haven't needed to put guards on the holes to keep out bees and wasps since they're unable to reach down far enough to get at the nectar.
I would give it 5 stars, but it does not balance - that is it always lists to one side. I have tried bending and rebending the hook, to try to get it to sit &#34;plumb&#34;, but it won't.
Great hummingbird feeder.  Durable, strong, easy to clean, fade/chip/scratch resistant polycarbonate construction; hummingbirds love it; attractive; made in USA.Exceptionally easy to clean and fill and comes with an effective built in ant guard.The perch sits up high, so when the little one are feeding, you have an excellent view of them.
And so do the many hummingbirds around my house.  I saw only a few ants this past summer.  I'm going to get another for next summer, they fight so much over it.  Easy to clean and fill.  Have had other models of hummingbird feeder, this is the best.
UPDATE - OVER ONE YEAR LATER:  Gosh, time flies.  Weather has been strange in our area, which is on a major migration path for many, many birds.  And the migration patterns have adjusted to accommodate the weather differences and fluctuations.  So, we've not seen the huge amount of hummers that we have in past years.  But I'd like to report that these feeders are still looking good and working well after a solid year of use.  We have kept one of the feeders up year-round because we've got a few little guys that toughed it out again through this past winter and stayed with us.Original review follows:I wanted new hummingbird feeders for the upcoming Spring migration.  Our old ones are just too hard to clean, and after several season's use they actually won't come clean anymore.  I heard good things about this shape of feeder.So far, so good.  We have a few hummers that have stayed with us through the very mild winter (we're an hour below Houston) and they have been drinking out of one of our old feeders that is hanging under a pecan tree outside the kitchen window.  I hung one of the these new feeders in the same tree.  Within a week the hummers have changed over to the new feeder.We have a lot of wind in our area and there is a lot of sway in the lower branches of the pecan tree.  This feeder has a reservoir in the center that can catch sugar water as it sloshes back and forth in the wind.  The holes are on the top of the feeder and not on the side, so they don't drip.  The picture is a bit deceiving in that there is no color in the \"flowers\" around the holes.  In the picture on this product page, it is just the sun's reflection on the raised \"flower\" that you are seeing.The lid just pops off and there are no little indents or hard to clean ins and outs.  It is very easy to clean.The little hummers seem to like to be able to perch on the little railing.  They will perch there for several minutes at a time (which of course will all change when the population increases in a few weeks...)  With all the wind we have, it sure seems like the perch makes it easier for them to sip.The hanger is included.  It is very sturdy and screws in to a metal female part buried in the plastic.  The feeder holds 12 ounces and there is a measurement guide in the clear plastic on the side.I knocked it down one star because the lid just pops on, making me afraid that I'll push it down too far and crack the plastic.  Also, it seems a little pricey for what it is.  But, hey, it will be easier to clean (times four), and--in my world--time is money.
We have hundreds of flowers in our yard, so it's very hard to get hummingbirds to drink from a feeder because they are busy eating naturally!  This feeder has brought us more success than others, I would recommend.
I have tried a lot of feeders and this one is the best.  Easy to fill, easy to clean.  No issues with ants or bees.  Does not leak.  And the hummingbirds love it!
I love this.  Easy to clean, bugs stay out, and lots of room for birds.  No little areas for bugs or solution to get stuck in.
Hummingbirds love these feeders, they constantly drain the feeders dry, they love to perch and eat all day long, super product.
I bought this to replace an older saucer type,  Non-Highview feeder.  I like the High-view design.  Helps make the birds more visible.  This \"Saucer Design\" is by far and away the best design of all the hummer feeders.  Ant resistant, Easiest to clean, fill, and view the birds.  If you have a lot of birds, this particular one may be for you.  But I don't have but one or two constant Hummers per year until August.  Thus I would have got a smaller version to prevent waste of food.
I really love this feeder.  So do the hummingbirds!  I had several of them the first day I put this up and they continue to come. I put two images up to show how they just sit there, resting and looking around.  This is the first feeder I've had where they do that and it gives you a chance to watch them for a bit. The rest were all the kind where they hover for a few seconds and then take off, but this one they sit for minutes at a time, until they get spooked off by movement (usually me trying to capture them through my window.)It is super easy to fill and clean too .  I have no complaints at all about this feeder, I am very happy with it.
This is a fine feeder.  The ant moat really works so the sugar solution stays free of ant bodies.  Local hummingbirds keep our feeder so busy we must refill it every 3 days.  Much fun to watch.
You can see all of the feeding ports. The bowl holds 12 ozs which is more than adequate for a week between cleanings. The only reason I don't love it is that my hummies are still getting used to it because of the way the ports are positions.
Well I would have to say that this is a well designed feeder. The red top lifts right off for adding nectar or for cleaning. Cleaning often is a must because the nectar spoils in hot weather. The center holds water to keep the ants away and some birds get a drink. I have mine hanging from a sheppards hook outside of my kitchen window. I can top off the water well by shooting my sink sprayer through the window screen. At this point you may be thinking that I am lazy, but that's a different review. Now back on subject, I also coated a six inch portion of the sheppard's hook with vaselene about two feet up. Ants don't like vaselene. The directions on the nectar said to use a higher concentration to initially attract the birds. Last year I bought my mother a pretty glass one at Lowes and that one turned out to be hard to use and not so good. You may think it is just a waste of time because you have never seen hummming birds in your area. I also thought that. After the first month with the feeder, two hummers found it and they are at the feeder every day.
Experiments have shown that BPA is harmful to animals with negative impacts on functions including development, metabolism, reproductive activity and many more (E.g., see Science Daily \"Harmful effects of bisphenol A demonstrated experimentally\", January 22, 2013, or Google for a very long list of other articles.  The danger of BPA has pretty well become common knowledge at this point and doesn't seem to be disputed.)I emailed Aspects to ask if this feeder contains BPA because it was not clear that it did not. I received a reply from them that Aspects does use BPA in this and all their other polycarbonate feeders.  They also explicitly said they have no current intent to make a BPA-free feeder.  Let's encourage them to change that stance!I think it goes without saying that we should not be feeding our beautiful wildlife chemicals that harm them if we care about them as much as we like to think we do. Even if one isn't concerned about the first generation of hummingbirds, consider the likely possibility that the chemicals are also transferred to offspring during gestation and may accumulate through generations. Furthermore, consider the food chain and the general fact that we're putting these chemicals out in our environment.Nalgene and other companies have removed BPA from their plastics and still make very strong and aesthetic water bottles without it. This feeder has many great properties, but it's not the only feeder with them; personally I will buy alternatives (of which there are plenty) until Aspects decides to make a BPA-free hummingbird feeder to purchase one of theirs. I would love to see them do so.
Love it, washes up easy and boy can you see the hummers good, I have had lots of feeders but this is my favorite.
My title represents the design in a nut shell.For starters, it's made of a good material.  Second, ease of keeping clean just can not be beat! Third, it's design keeps it from &#34;dripping&#34; nectar which attracts ants.  Fourth, it's design will make even your most seasoned hummer check it out within the first hour you put it out.I've read some reviews that say &#34;their local hummers&#34; will not eat from it.  Yes, that is true for anything &#34;new&#34; you put out. All hummingbirds migrate twice a year, mainly by the availability of a good supply of nectar.  Certain nectar flowers/plants only produce certain  times of the year.  Thus, any hummer that you see each year, has adapted to the available of nectar in your area.  While  you and I know that a plastic feeder is not a plant, the birds do notSo, any time you introduce  a new feeder to an area, especially in the spring, don't expect immediate results.  Yes, they will check it out really fast, but usually, they will not start trying to feed from it for a few days, and often, a few weeks.For example, I have had several &#34;trusted&#34; feeders that I put out each year, and they produce viewing pleasure for my family without fail.  But, I also have the problem of ants that has really become more of a hassle that has all but made me stop putting out feeders. I came across this feeder while reading a &#34;hummingbird web site&#34; and decided to give it a try.  All the hype about the feeder is not hype but truth!This feeder comes with an ant mote, but you will not need it unless you are placing it in the same spot that you have had feeders that &#34;drip&#34; nectar to the ground and attract ants, which means that the &#34;sugar trail&#34; has already been established.  Motes do not KILL ants, so I am fully in favor of them.  Never, use insecticides for ants, as you are not only killing a life form that has done no crime, but also, possibility killing the hummingbirds too.I'm  glad I purchased two, as both are now hits with the hummers. once I gave them time to adapt  to them. I know, with confidence that once they learn the &#34;habits&#34; of these new feeders, they will be back next year, and also their offspring that will be feeding from them later this year.
This thing is ridiculously flimsy and it arrived with crimps and damaged  rim. For $12 this is ridiculous...and it has a sticker one it calling it a kitty litterbox cover...WTF is that? It's also not Hydrofarm brand, I own several Hydrofarm products froms grow lights to timers and it's all high quality which is why I ordered this, I am very disappointed. It works but it's so thin you have to be very easy with it .
I was really a neat addition. Gives you head room for plants. Cheap and well built for the price, IHMO.
I haven't used this yet, but looking foward to it.  This dome is of quality so I'll be able to use it year after year.  It wasn't stated that it comes with a bottom seedling tray, but it does.  I am so looking foward to starting my garden this year.
I bought the hydrofarm sprouting kit with heat mat but found my cuttings were too tall. This item fixed that problem.
If you're trying to start plants indoors under grow lights, you're going to want a tall dome to allow them to get some height and this dome allows for that. The vents on the top and sides make it convenient if you need some airflow over your plants, or if you just need to dry it out a bit. It fit on my standard base without any problems. I definitely recommend it.
This dome is better quality and thicker plastic than the short height dome that comes with most seed starting trays.  Not sure why the picture on Amazon got changed to a wall hook though!
Fortunately the dome, while not very heavy duty, was easy to &#34;bump out&#34; after arriving in a box that had been banged up and so poorly, but obviously, re-taped I was surprised it just didn't come with a label on the dome and no box.  The dome itself had the side vent covers taped to it's top so they were easy to find and apply.  Might be nice if they did send some directions/instructions along.  It's not brain surgery but a few hints or something for using it would be good customer relations.  I knocked it off a star for deliver and for the dents that didn't come all the way out.  I'd recommend if a better delivery system could be assured.
It's just what they said it was with strong durable vents and clips onto the cloning pan tight.  packaged in a good box and was sent faster than I thought it would take.
Perfect for starting your plants just be careful how you handle it because it easily cracks but nothing that will cause the dome not to work, it's a good investment for the price.
Note: One of the 2 traps broke without catching a mouse and there have been many misses, but the other trap in the 2 pack finally did catch one, so I'll upgrade from 1 stars to 2 stars.  Still not thrilled with these seemingly cheaply made mousetraps, however.  My original review follows.Based on my experience, this device is more of a mouse feeding tray than a mousetrap.  It's been used for over 2 weeks, as of this writing, and it has not captured a mouse.The food/bait has been partially or entirely eaten at least 5 times but the trap has not managed to kill the hungry critters.  I am assuming that mice absolutely love this device, because it is a terrific source of cheese and peanut butter, available on demand, with little apparent risk of injury to the mouse.The trap snapped shut on my finger and it didn't hurt a bit.  Perhaps the is the reason that it's not catching any mice.The trap was triggered 4 or 5 times, but still no mouse.  There were a number of times where the trap was moved around by the mice but didn't even trigger.  Based on the fact that in my experience it did not catch a mouse, I can't see how it should be rated higher than 1 star.This trap is very lightweight and seems cheaply made and poorly constructed.  As metioned, the spring tension seems minimal and is apparently not up to the task.  From my perspective, this mousetrap is useless.I will continue to evaulate this trap and if results improve then I will update my review and increase the rating accordingly.  But a mousetrap than can't catch mice isn't going to do you a whole lot of good.Don't waste your money on this one.  Buy a bigger and better mousetrap.  Specifically, I would recommend the Ortho 0321210 Home Defense Max Secure-Kill Rat Trap - 1 Pack which I have also reviewed here at Amazon.  This trap is larger, features far better construction and has a spring offering a much higher level of tension.  You would not want to get your finger caught in the Ortho 0321210 trap and I have given that mousetrap a 5 star rating.I've seen some favorable reviews here, but I can't share their positive feelings about this product.  It is not recommended.
These traps have caught more mice than I ever expected. Set two out and each day was successfully, and for the first month, without replacing the bait. There's a little well for the bait and I jammed peanut butter into them (stuffing the bait into these wells is the key), made it hard to get and the mouse got caught without any marks in the bait. It's getting stripped a bit now, but that because of the chipmunks raiding it; they're too big for this kinda trap. But for mice, it's great.
This has been a first for us and with hope a last.  With all the recent rain we have been inundated with critters from snakes to mice to other nocturnal visitors.  Only the mice chose to enter the house and we went into motion after reading all the different reviews.  I read the Ortho Home Defense Max reviews and could not believe how many positive responses there were.  So I bought a pair with the thought that if they do not work it will be a small financial loss and if they do work the cost is even more important especially since it appears that they can be reused.  I probably will not reuse them but keep them for potential future use.They are plastic and they are engineered with the thought of completing a thorough job in a safe and mannerly manner.  Lots of thought went into the design phase of this trap and the end product reflects that thought because it works and with considerable effectiveness.  The food well holds mouse goodies from peanut butter (peanuts do not work well), ham, turkey or even dry dog food.  There is something mice cannot resist and that is a combination meal of peanut butter and Beneful that is hard to resist.  We placed each in a location away from potential dog noses and on the first night, we had company that made its way to the garbage can thanks to a snapper that is really fast and effective.  The mouse did not know what hit it.  Please be careful after the 'mouth' has been set.  It has a hair trigger and will go off with the least amount of pressure applied to it.  I laid a t-shirt sleeve on it and without applying any more pressure than the weight of the fabric it snapped shut.  Thank goodness it did not tear the t-shirt sleeve.  I'd hate to go to church with a hole in my shirt.
Easy to bait and set. Easy to remove the trapped mouse and reset. Prevents direct handling of the mouse. Works great the wife loves it and I am happy. Can never see buying or using a conventional mouse trap again.
I cannot praise these traps highly enough, because they worked so well and so quickly to eliminate our mouse problem. Yes, even though we have cats, the house offers too many nooks and crannies that protect the mice. (And maybe our cats are too well fed.) Placing these traps near these areas produced almost instant results.The traps are designed to be disposable, offering a handle at a \"safe\" distance to pick up the trap with the mouse still in it. But the traps are reusable. It all depends on how squeamish you are.
I really like the idea of a one touch mouse trap, and these seem to be pretty good.  I have not caught a mouse with them yet. (I think I only have had one mouse so far.) The teeth on the trap make it look like it could be pretty messy if it caught a mouse, so I am not looking forward to catching a mouse with them.  I also purchased tow other types of traps at the same time, and I prefer theD-Con 00027 Ultra Set Covered Snap Mouse Trap.  It is fairly easy to set, and you don't have to see the mouse, just drop it in the trash.  It is a little more expensive, but in my opinion worth the extra.  I also purchased theVictor M265 Kill & Seal Mouse Trap, 2-Pack, and found that they are just a little too pricey for me since they are one time use only.  If you don't want to see or deal with resetting a trap, they would be perfect for you, but I don't mind reusing my traps.
We live out in the country and have a real field mouse problem.  The cats usually keep them out of the house, but it gets frustrating when the mice get into our vehicles.  Sometimes the critters only nibble on our registration papers, but when they start eating the car (actually, just the insulation and filters), it can get real annoying real fast.So we got these traps to put in our vehicles.  We've caught a mouse a night so far.  Not too bad, considering how sneaky the little !@#$%s can be.  I've posted a picture of the most interesting \"catch.\"
I tried some of the fancy-shmancy 'you won't see the dead mouse' traps and they were worthless. These Ortho traps are a very neat updating of the classic type of mouse trap and THEY WORK! Two mice trapped 12 hours after setting the traps. The traps are easy to use and the simple instructions are very clear. I use peanut butter as bait.Highly recommended.
Tried the dumb traps with little yellow cheese plates, and wires that snap shut.  The MOUSE LAUGHED AT ME.Tried yet another brand, a brand we got in a grocery store.  It sorta bruised the mouse.  The mouse danced around for 11 minutes screaming \"ouch\" and getting blood everywhere in gross little bloody footprints.Then it shook it off, and went and got a paring knife, and attacked my wife.So, we tried these.  These bad MF traps.  These stone killers.And they went WHACK.  And the mouse went \"I am dead now!\"  All good.  All gone.  And we used the traps again, and again!  Still killing.These are nice, I just wish they came in 6' foot size, for the neighbors.
I think all of the mouse traps on the market work most of the time. Having said that, this Ortho trap never misses. I have never seen the bait eaten or the trap set off without a dead mouse in this trap. It is easy to set with one click and your fingers are not in harms way. This trap hits hard for a fast kill. I have read that some mice will avoid a trap with a human's smell. Take steps like gloves, trap cleaning and never touching the bait for that one educated mouse. Dead mouse smell on the trap can also be a turn off. So think clean. One way to keep mice out of your house is to locate exterior gaps or holes. Buy a roll of copper mesh, available on Amazon. Stuff it into any cracks or holes. Mice cannot chew through the mesh and the copper is soft enough to be easy to use.
Like many people, I hate the thought of killing mice. However, they (and their droppings) pose a serious health risk to my pups.I also hate the use of plastics that wind up in a landfill.The wooden traps are hard to use, and glue boards cause suffering, so I reluctantly tried these.Easy to bait and set, and yes, they work. Peanut butter goes in a bait cup, then simply pull back a flap to set the jaws. They snapped down with enough force to kill instantly.Decent value for an effective mousetrap.
If you have mice in your home, there are only two things you have to do,  to get rid of them permanently. Number 1 is to kill all of them in your home and Number 2 is to seal your home completely- focusing on the bottom 3 feet. When mice have no way to enter your home and there are no mice in your home, your rodent problem will be gone.There are only 2 types of traps that catch a mouse every time you set them- Snap-E and these newer Ortho Home Defense Max Press 'N Set Mouse Traps. Snap-E figured out years ago, that a 90 degree bar comes down twice as fast as the old 180 degree bar does, leaving even the fastest mouse dead. It's the greatest mouse trap to date and works every time.Like Snap-E these Ortho traps can be used over and over again, as they have a release to drop the mouse in a garbage bag, which allows you to then reset the trap to catch another filthy disease spreading rodent. If I could rate both of these traps 10 stars, I would.  I do not prefer one over the other, as they both kill a mouse every time, but the Snap-E makes more noise when a mouse is caught, as when it snaps and falls over, the metal bar does make more racket letting me know there is a mouse to throw in the trash. This is the only difference I notice, but you should check your traps daily, so hearing the trap fly and hit the ground really doesn't matter, as you'll know what was caught the night before when you check the next day.Keep setting the traps even when you think the mice are gone, as baby mice don't make much noise and could still be living in your home. Besides using these traps, you will need to seal your home completely. This means checking for any cracks- a baby mouse can fit in a 1/4 inch crack! The bottom 3 feet are the most important to check. For larger openings like steps pulled away from the house which you can't see down into, buy some chicken wire. You can cut and fold this into any shape. Form it and fit it into the opening.  Buy some easy mix cement or mortar mix, add some small stone or a bit of sand for grit and gently push it into the chicken wire. Even if the mice chew through this cement patch, they can't get through the chicken wire. For smaller cracks, just stuff with cement, or fill with fine wire wool first, pushing it deep inside the crack, then cement over it.  Filling every opening or crack on the outside of your house eliminates the doors mice need to live in your home. If you have trees overhanging your home or bushes against it, get rid of all these easy stairways for the mice and check the upper parts of your house as well for openings. If you have open drains in your home, keep chicken wire covered over it, or screen it in by making a 4 walled screen securely around it.Once your home is sealed completely, you must inspect it every year to make certain the mice are not chewing a new opening. Once mice have lived in your home, they leave a scent to tell others this is a great place to live. The best time to inspect your home is at the end of summer, when they are looking for a warm place to breed during the winter. Putting down peppermint oil, pepper or moth balls near any old openings you found and sealed, makes the mice less attracted to your home, as these are smells that they don't like.These Ortho Press 'N Set traps, as well as the Snap-E's should always be placed along the wall edges or corners, or wherever you find droppings or hear them. Mice never run in the open but along edges where they can't easily be seen. For a couple dollars worth of these re-useable traps, a few dabs of peanut butter, a small amount of cement and chicken wire, you'll save a fortune on exterminators and you'll be rodent and disease free!
We ordered these when some field mice decided to attack the fuel lines and wires in our two vehicles and cost us a great deal of money to repair. The war is on to kill these little buggers and this is just part of our arsenal to get rid of them. They arrived promptly and as described, but since we put them out, no mice have been caught, so either the mice are gone or hiding. We'll see and will update this review accordingly then.Overall, they appear durable enough to do the job they were designed for and very easy to handle and set up and the best part, they appear strong and lasting enough to reuse if you can stomach doing so.UPDATE as of 3/22/14:No mice caught in them and they broke with regular use after owning for just a couple of months. CAN'T RECOMMEND AT ALL!!!!:(  Used peanut butter as bait and nothing.
Initially, I was concerned that this mousetrap might not be up to the task.  It was originally placed in the hallway and the first time the trap was baited, part of the peanut butter was eaten but the trap did not spring.After being shutout for over a week, the mousetrap was moved to the kitchen area.  On the 2nd day, a fat light grey mouse was captured and killed, may he rest in peace.What was particularly nice was that there was no blood involved.  I can't say that there won't blood under different circumstances, but in this case, the trap sprung down upon the decedent mouse's neck and disposal of the mouse was not a difficult or gruesome task, as I had expected that it might be.Using a plastic bag in place of gloves, all that was needed to get rid of the little critter was to pull the handle down and drop the mouse into a bag, compost heap or wherever.  You do need to exercise caution so that you don't snap you fingers in the mousetrap, giving the dearly departed rodent one final measure of revenge.While the instructions suggest simply throwing the mousetrap away with the mouse still attached, be aware that you can easily reuse this device.  But if you are extremely squimish then perhaps you'll just want to toss the thing, mouse and all and be done with it.  It is easier to reuse this mousetrap than it would be to reuse the old fashioned wood and metal traps.One final suggestion, a raisin was placed inside of the peanut butter and that seemed to do the trick.  This is presumably because the mouse had to work harder to get at that raisin.So in closing, this mousetrap does indeed work well.  I'm pleased by the fact that this was a bloodless event.  The fact that it is easily reusable is another plus.  However, if you place the trap and are not seeing results, simply move it to a different location or place additional traps until success is achieved.  But the bottom line is that this trap works well and is recommended.
Nobody likes to admit that they have a rat problem.  My neighbor on one side calls rats \"those really BIG mice\".  Hmmm.  I think you mean \"rats\".  My neighbor on the other side says \"I saw *your* rat walking on *my* wall again last night\".  Good grief.  C'mon man, that structure between our homes is \"our\" wall (yours and mine!).  And unless you see a collar with my phone number on it, the rats walking on *our* wall must be *our* rats.So yeah, rats happen.I've tried lots of different solutions.  Poison bait is probably the most effective for controlling them in the yard, but that's really risky when there are pets in the yard.  So non-poison bated traps are the safest solution for us, as long as we keep the traps away from areas where the pets can get to them.  I don't like traditional traps though, because they're risky to set, tricky to bait, and not especially effective.  Many times I've found the bait missing and the trap still set--or even the trap sprung but no dead rat.I really like this trap though.  It's very easy to bait the trap BEFORE you arm it.  There's a hole in the top jaw that lets you fill the bait cup.  Once the bait is in place, just push down on the arming lever to latch the spring down.  Make sure the trap is where you want it first, because it's too dangerous to move it once it's set.I've experimented with different baits.  I first tried creamy peanut butter.  That was OK, but it dries out after a few days and isn't as effective.  Then on a lark I tried a spoon full of gunk from my barbecue's drip pan.  It looks pretty gross, but I know that rodents are really interested in the grill.  This works great.  I've had very good luck reloading the trap with BBQ drippings and reusing it.I've also had mixed success with lemon wedges.  The biggest attraction for rodents in our yard is our lemon tree.  They love the vitamins from the lemon peels.  I don't think the lemons put out the same smell as the food drippings though.Anyway, this trap is really effective.  I've never seen the bait taken without the trap catching its prey.  And the trap's jaws are wickedly strong. It's a quick (but messy) end to Mr. Rat.Killing the rats one at a time like this is slow business, but I've definitely seen their numbers decrease.
Unlike the Ortho mouse traps I have used (which were very effective), I have not yet seen results with these rat traps. So far, one has been tripped without catching anything, and the other one has been ignored. I'm still hoping for results, based on the success of the mouse traps they make, but only time will tell.
It hasn't caught a rat yet, and I wouldn't use this anywhere dogs, cats, or curious children might encounter it. But I have no pets, and a lot of possums and other strange creatures which prowl my property, so I feel good with this spring loaded nightmare just inside my basement/crawlspace. Let that be a warning to ye'!
There's nothing worse that hearing that scuffling noise above your head and knowing that you have a rat in the attic.  My neighbors insist on creating beautiful rat habitats in the side yards on either side of my house and when the weather is wet or cold, they like to find their way inside.  I normally use the old fashioned rat sized mouse trap and I hate them with a passion.  Once you have one set and try to put it down where you think the rat will find it and your cat and dog will not, you have to be very careful it doesn't go off.  This trap doesn't give me that trouble.  you can set it down where you want it and press down (hard) on the lever and the trap is set.  The bait goes in a small indention where the rat would have to set the trap off.  The jaws close fast and tight and I'm certain that if mister rat triggered the trap, he would be dead.  Sadly, mister rat has not triggered my trap and I haven't heard his scuffling for several weeks.  Still, the trap is set and waiting for him.  I will keep fresh bait in it and hopefully be able to update my review with another positive comment.  The three stars instead of five are because I suspect the trap is not sensitive enough for the rat to trigger it.
So far, one trap was tripped without catching anything and had to be reset. Did catch one rat later, and killed it. I can't say for sure whether these are better than other traps, but they are easy to bait and set--and what's really nice is that you can put in the bait BEFORE you set it. They're also easy to dispose of when they've done their job.
I've used many different types of rat traps, including the classic Victor wood and metal snap trap, a Victor knock-off, a couple of cage traps that catch them alive, two different glue traps, and two plastic snap traps, this being one of them.  I've caught rats in all of them except the Victor knock-off.  I like this one the most.First, it's very easy to bait.  I use peanut butter, and you just dab some in a well and it stays there.  (Live traps are particularly difficult to bait.)Second, there's little risk of getting your finger caught in this trap, unlike the Victor type, which you must very carefully handle once it's set or it'll snap.  With this trap, once you set it by pushing down on the back of the trap, which you can easily do with your foot once it's where you want it, it locks, until something touches a area surrounding the bait well, which is easy for you to avoid, and hard for the rat to avoid.Third, while I respect those who prefer live traps because they're humane, I don't want to transport the live rats to some other place and free them.  I'd rather get rid of them once and for all, and live with my karma.Fourth, they're sensitive, so if a rat touches that trigger piece around the bait well, the trap will spring shut--unlike, say, the Victor knock-off, which serves exclusively as a rat feeding station in my experience.Fifth, being plastic, it won't rot or rust, unlike the Victor, which will rust quickly outside.  (And glue traps, whether inside or outside, soon collect all kinds of dirt, bugs, lizards, etc., and tend to not catch a lot of rats.)Finally, although the illustration appears to suggest that once you catch a rat, you throw out the whole trap, this isn't necessary--it's simple to release the rat into the trash and rebait the trap.
Have had this trap for about a week, set and baited with peanut butter. Adjusted the trigger as best I could for sensitivity.  Had one sprung trap, but didn't catch the rat.  Rebaited and waiting.  This may be a case of my not being a good trapper...though have the trap set up against the wall as per the instructions.  I don't care for the pictures shown on the amazon page instructions, as they seem to be misleading to me.  It would be easy to dispose of a dead rat, as the trap basicallly works like a huge spring loaded clothes pin...with teeth.  Clean, easy to set with foot or hands, a bit difficult to remove from packaging.
This trap got the rat on the very first night! The spring is plenty strong and the trap is easy to set. No chance of banged up fingers, as you set it from the back end. No need to touch the jaw end. Surprisingly the rat was able to run off with the trap around it's head. Found it dead, six feet away, hung up under a fence. So I may try tying a wire and weight to the trap for next time. If he would have gotten under the fence, I would have lost the trap. Second rat in trap also ran off with the trap and stuck at the fence. This trap is very effective at catching rats, but not strong enough to make a quick kill. Not strong enough to break the rats neck or the trap is not big enough and ends up closing on the head, not the neck. Peanut butter was used as bait.
A little more expensive than traditional traps, but I've used several of these now and noticed that the rats aren't able to fool them like they can with the cheap wooden ones (that are actually designed for mice unless you purchase the really large ones).  They're very easy to set and do a quick and efficient job of killing any rodents lurking in my attic.Update April 2012: Still using this trap and getting results, and I've also started re-using the trap, which is pretty easy to do and not as messy as you might think. I've started laying out multiple types of traps to test the effectiveness of them, and noticed that the rats don't always go for the Ortho any more, and I think have become accustomed to it.
I set two of these to try to catch the rats that have been pestering my chickens. Both traps caught a rat. Neither trap killed the rat immediately.The first was pretty horrific, as the trap somehow caught the rat at the hip. The rat crawled a good 25 feet away and was still breathing 8ish hours later when i found it. The second seems to have been a bit faster, as the trap did close on the rat's head/neck, but the rat was able to crawl about 8 feet away from where the trap was set before finally dying.So if you're totally ok with this being a grossly INhumane trap, i can say it does seem to _catch_ rats. It's easy to bate, and there's no risk of breaking a finger while setting it. However, if you're queasy about killing and were hoping for something that would kill the vermin so quickly they didn't know what hit them, this is absolutely not the trap to get.
I know it's gross to even admit that but I have a hangar at the airport and there's a lot of little visitors at night. Now there are two less. This seems to be a much more sanitary method than the wood traps as the \"leavings\" wash right off and don't stain anything. The best part is that it's easy to set and you don't have to worry about losing a finger. This really is a better mousetrap.
I grow strawberries and herbs in the flower boxes on my desk.  I have large (36\"), medium (27\") and smaller (24\") flower boxes. They are lightweight yet sturdy. They fit just the right amount of dirt for a healthy plant yet do not take up a lot of space. And they look pretty decent, from a distance you can't tell they are plastic.These planters stay outside during the winter and survived several winters without cracking or deteriorating. One of my friends is a master gardener and she gave me a tip to store these boxes on their side during the winter. This way they don't get filled with water that freezes and expands which can crack the plastic. I had the current set of planters for several years and they survived well: no cracks and not much fading.The smaller ones are hanging on the railing using railing flower holdersHoldAll Railing Flower Box Holder, Black, and the larger ones are placed on utility shelves which I re-purposed to be garden shelves.  This set up allows me to garden despite the bad back, I don't need to bend over - everything is elevated.Overall, I am very pleased with these planters and will buy them again if I need another one.
I've got a narrow shelf above a half-height dividing wall that separates the kitchen from the living room, and I wanted something long and narrow to put a large Pothos in. There is room for two of these end-to-end, and I may get another one to make a solid area of green across that shelf to help disguise the kitchen.I picked up a large-leafed Pothos in a hanging basket from Ingle's and planted it in the center of this window box. As the trailers on &#34;the kitchen side&#34; get longer, I tuck them into the dirt at the sides (without cutting them off), where they root along the buried parts, making for a spreading lush mass of green along the length of the planter. On the living room side, I'm letting them just grow and hang down, which looks nice, and will cut them back only when they start reaching the floor.This is not a self-watering planter, although it does have a drip tray, so you have to be careful not to overwater. That's why a Pothos is so good because they can handle a lot of abuse and are fine with minimal water. I don't water until I see a leaf or two starting to yellow and, if the soil seems completely dried out, I give the whole surface of the soil a bit of a drink and then pour some more in the center where the original plant was planted.It's a great look for a small price, and this planter comes in several colors that would blend with any decor.
They are full of herbs sitting out on the deck by the pools.  I like the color - it goes well with the wood and the slate tiles.  The bottom tray does not come off nor has it any holes.  When rain blows in on the deck the planters can get over loaded with water and it has no place to go.  This lack would doubtless be a good thing indoors on a table or counter where one had perfect control over the water applied.  They seem sturdy enough.  I'll know in a few years if they hold up or not.
was able to trsnpose my newly planted cucumber seedling to this large pot. They are growing great due to its size. Plenty of room for growth. Holds the watering too no leaking. Will buy another soon
Since I had the CobraCo Kingston bronze window flower box, I decided to order the recommended Poly box. It fit perfectly, the wire Kingston box is adjustable. The poly window box is very solid and well made and should last a very long time. The brown earthenware color looks very natural with the wire box holder and sits in it level and solidly. After checking around in local stores for something similar, I found that nothing compared in quality or price. I'm very happy with the purchase and it looks great on our bedroom deck.
After using Coshell I can't say that the claims made by the manufacturer are true.  I used the charcoal at a cook-out to celebrate a friends wedding.  The time from lighting until ready to cook was the same as any other charcoal.  No difference in cooking times and no noticeable difference in taste.  I made sure to tell the guests about the charcoal and asked if anyone could taste a difference in the food...no one could.I know that the charcoal is eco-friendly and if your willing to pay more for that reason alone it may be worth it to you.  I just can't justify paying more for this charcoal when price is the only difference between Coshell and other charcoal brands.
Charcoal made from coconut shells- who would imagine such a concept? Well, that is exactly what you get with Coshell charcoal briquettes, an environmentally- friendly alternative to ordinary charcoal. This product claims to burn longer and hotter than regular charcoal and since it is all- natural, it produces less waste and the leftovers can even be used as fertilizer.Given the lofty claims and uniqueness of this product, I was anxious to give it a try. Opening the bag, my first impression was mixed. The briquettes are more evenly shaped and smoother than ordinary charcoal, but I noticed that they were quite dirty, leaving a black, powdery coating on the hands. Oh well- at least they look good. So far, the product seems acceptable.Now, it was time for the real test: lighting the briquettes on fire and using them to cook some burgers and steaks. I noticed that the product took a little longer to catch fire, but once it was caught, the briquettes slowly turned gray in color and they held their heat for a good long time. Of all the positive qualities during the heating and cooking process, the one I remember best is the cleanliness of this product. It doesn't produce much smoke and it imparts almost no taste on the food.If there is anything negative to say about this product (aside from the initial handling), it would be the fact that coconut shells do not accomplish much in the way of adding flavor to the food. Like I said, they impart almost no taste difference due to their cleanliness and while this will be considered an asset to some, others will immediately give this product a failing grade because they will want to taste mesquite or at least some smokiness in their food. You don't get any added flavor benefits, so it is almost like cooking on a stovetop.Coconut shell briquettes are an interesting concept and this product is certainly an unusual one. I like that it is more environmentally- friendly than ordinary charcoal and I like knowing that there is no landfill waste to worry about. The powdery mess is an annoyance, but I still like this prod
Contrary to expectations, this eco-friendly charcoal made from coconut shell burned clean and delivered a clean taste to the food grilled (steaks, chicken, asparagus).  There was no coconut flavour (nor does the product claim that) as some might expect.Coconut shell charcoal is the everyday charcoal made and used in many tropical countries where hardwood is too valuable.  I'm hoping that this charcoal becomes more widely available and in larger bags as transporting smaller bags for longer distances seems to create a lot of dust and broken pieces in the bag.Compared to Kingsford charcoal briquettes, this product did burn cleaner.  Heat output was about the same.  Compared to hardwood lump charcoal, heat output was much lower.If you use a Cobb grill, these work wonderfully.
I'm more of a fan of gas-fired BBQ (heresy, I know for the BBQ purists) or electric (smoking). When I do go for the traditional coal, I usually use hardwood briquettes since I don't care for the way regular briquettes make the food taste.These coconut shell briquettes were a nice change. They did take a bit longer to catch than regular briquettes (used a chimney-type device to get them lit) but once they got started they burned evenly. Best of all, no taste impact - nice and clean. The manufacturer claims they burn hotter and longer, but I didn't notice a huge difference. A bit longer, perhaps, but the heat seems to be no different. That's just my impression, however - didn't do any side-by-side tests.While they burn clean, they are not clean when it comes to handling them. Lots of black soot comes off on your hands, and quite a bit of messy powder is in the bag, probably due to the bouncing about during shipping. Much messier than hardwood. The mess knocks the rating down a star.While these won't convert me away from gas and electric, it is a viable alternative to hardwood charcoal.
I am still using this type of briquette, it is one of the best. I use a chimney to heat my coals, it works very well with these. They heat pretty quickly, but what I really like is that they stay hot for a long time, I am able to cook everything I have tried, even chicken. I will definitely purchase this in the future!
We used these just the other day to cook some burgers and steaks.  They lit well and kept nice and hot just as well (if not slightly better) than regular charcoal that we usually buy.  There was no odd smell or anything.  They burned nice.  There was also no charcoal aftertaste in the food that we cooked.  I would definitely purchase this again.  These charcoal briquettes are black and will leave the black on you if you touch them.  They are still charcoal.  :)These came in a plastic bag.  I would really like to see the company go to an eco bag that possibly could be burned with the charcoal as a starter.Other than that, I was highly pleased with this item.
I found that these Coshell Coconut Shell Charcoal Briquettes worked well compared to mainstream brand briquettes, and certainly better than generic or store brand briquettes in terms of evenness, clean-burning, heat, and time span of usable heat. I did not find that they burned any better than any quality brand of all-natural hardwood lump charcoal, nor did they have as good of aroma.I use a Weber chimney starter, with some wadded up newspaper doused in vegetable oil underneath, to get the charcoal going regardless of brand or type. This was a little slower to light than regular briquettes, but not longer than quality hardwood lump charcoal. I found that it burned cleaner, longer and more evenly than the regular briquettes, but again was comparable to quality hardwood lump charcoal. I did find that there was very little smoke/flavor transferred to the food, which is better than transferring a petroleum type flavor from cheap match-light briquettes, but not as good as the smokey goodness transferred from some good quality lump charcoal. All in all, I found this product to be a clean, even burning charcoal, with very little aroma/flavor emitted, which might be a good fuel for a smoker when you can add your choice of wood chips for type and amount of flavoring. The quality from a novel source such as coconut shells was surprising, and it is worth noting that the fuel source is fully renewable (and might have just been thrown in the landfill anyway if it comes from a coconut (food/milk) processing plant. For my tastes, however, it just didn't add that charcoal-grilled quality to the food that a good quality (and comparably priced or cheaper) hardwood lump charcoal does.
This is a great way to recycle coconut shells! Make charcoal biquettes out of them. I used these in my good ol' grill and they worked like a charm. The  Porterhouse steaks I cooked tasted great! Gonna try chicken breasts text time... Very recommened by this man!
By the time the bag got to me it was perforated in multiple places and charcoal dust leaked all over my floor. The charcoal itself was fine and I would use it again, but the kitchen cleanup was a hassle. No discernable difference for me in lighting, I use a chimney starter and 2 sheets of newspapaer worked fine. If they improve the quality of the bag I'd improve the rating.
I gave these a good try on my grill tonight, and here were my results:Feel: Charcoal is surprisingly dusty and dirty.  It has a fine black dust all over it that gets on everything.  Once I had the bag open, I had to double bag the rest to prevent it from getting on my clothing and on everything in my house.Lighting: Charcol lit very easily from a chimney.  No problem getting it started.Briquette Burning: Burned very easily--briquettes turned light grey very quickly and evenly burned.Smoke: No smoke---this is a major problem for barbecues.  I use hardwood briquettes mostly for the wonderful smoke that infuses the food with flavor.  These have no smoke, so they did not create the barbecue flavor.Smell: Did not smell like the barbecue I know and love.  Apart from no smoke, they had a strange odor while burning that was not appetizing.Heat: While the briquettes lit quickly and burned evenly, they did not burn very hot.  It would be impossible to sear my food with these briquettes, or cool at any reasonable temperature.  I had to add a few real briquettes to get my food done.Price: Far more expensive than conventional briquettes.In short, I see nothing redeeming in this product and recommend you do not buy it.
This charcoal works great. I do not use starter fluid I use a chimney starter and It took longer but it worked well. It burns very consistently and for a longer time than the Kingsford that I normally use. Eco friendly? Charcoal grilling in general is not eco friendly. The use of coconut shells instead of trees is novel way to be eco friendly but inaccurate. Kingsford is not clear cutting the amazon or ravaging old growth forests to make briquettes. They use wood scraps and always have. So it's not like your saving an important tree grove by burning coconuts. So why would I buy these for twice the price of Kingsford? They burn longer and have a more neutral flavor. So this is perfect for seafood that does not benefit in my opinion from strong smokey flavors. And because they do not have the sure fire grooves that Kingsford has, they last longer. For slow roasting meats like pork shoulder for pulled pork where you will need 2-6 hours for slow cooking they work together as a team very well. Start with the Kingsford \"Ready in 15 min\" and add 4-6 briquettes of Coshell every 40 minutes or so. I was able to keep a constant temp of about 220. I will keep a bag of these for that purpose alone.I received this product free of charge to try through the vine program.Would I spend my own money on this? Yes
These are very nice charcoal briquetes. They lit easily, burned hot and all in all did everything I could want charcoal to do. The potential environmental benefits of using coconut shells as the primary material seems like a good idea at first, but importing charcoal from Thailand probably isn't better for the environment than is processing lumber mill waste into charcoal here in the US.Traditional charcoal briquetes are usually made by compressing sawdust and other scraps left over from lumbering and milling operations. Henry Ford, in fact, invented the charcoal briquete as a way to put sawdust and other scraps to use. As such, the environmental benefits of this product are not what they might first appear to be.
Put it to the test!!!I had some kingsford charcoal left over so I lit both side by side and here are the results:CoShell:Cons:- Took a little longer to light up... Because it is more compact.- A little bit more dusty but it's part of the charcoal fun/curse.- That is it!!!Pros:- It burns more evenly...which gives way to the next point.- It actually burns hotter because there is more surface area lit and burning as opposed tothe name brand charcoal.- No chemical smell, and actually while unlit it has a faint coconut smell but itdoes not pass it to the food.- It lasts up to 10-15 minutes longer than the name brand, mostly because it really feels compactedand therefore it burns slower.- It's from a highly renewable source.- It burns completely....no half pieces left, no little chunks, just ash.
I live in NYC and by the time I received these last year, the BBQ was packed away. So I was extremely happy when we got a batch of nice weather, the BBQ urge hit and I didnt have to go out to buy charcoal. These are made from coconut shells but but dont look much different from reg charcoal. They took a while to light but once they got going they stood lit longer. They get very hot, something i didnt expect so make sure you check your food. I liked how they smelled while they were cooking but was dismayed to realize when tasting the food that it didnt have that BBQ flavor I love. No coconut, no hint of anything.  Its the whole reason I use a coal grill so this was a big negative for me. It was like cooking on a gas grill....w/o the gas.  Maybe if I marinade my food w a lil smoke seasoning next time it might add that smoky flavor I'm looking for,  but I think I'll stick to reg charcoal. I really did like how clean they burned so if you are eco concious these are great. The price is a bit much for me as well but if you want better, you pay more.
As you probably know, these are charcoal briquettes made from coconut husks which, from my view as an environmentalist, is a perfectly terrific idea. After all, what else could you do with a discarded coconut husk? And most folks are unaware that nearly every other charcoal brand uses mutiple wood species in their mix so flavor consistency can become an issue at times... but not with these coconut husk briquettes.In any case, I actually like these briquettes far better than Kingsford brand (and many other less-well-known varieties) because it gives me more latitude in terms of flavoring foods on my charcoal grill. Most charcoal brands impart a particular flavor (such as hickory or mesquite) but this one just leaves you with a nice even *smokey* flavor [being fairly undefinable beyond that vague description]. This means that if I actually desire a hickory flavor, I can toss in a small piece of water-soaked hickory wood with it -- the same goes with apple wood, yellow poplar (which is superb for chicken), and so on.I cook from scratch, grilling quite often, and I have numerous barbeque/grilling recipes posted [free to print them] on Food.com [formerly Recipezaar] under my screen name there of Bone Man. I would highly recommend this charcoal for any of those recipes. I also employ my Chinese wok directly on this charcoal having discovered that these briquettes function really exceptionally in that mode, due largely to their notably high heat capacity. (Of course you can also limit this heat through the venting of your grill if you wish.)This charcoal is *very* easy to light (it does require charcoal lighter which is a superior method to using the [pre-soaked] *matchlight* briquettes, offered by Kingsford and others), and the coals burn very hot and evenly. You won't see tons of smoke but the smokey flavor gets imparted nonetheless, especially when the lid is closed on the grill. I'm pretty excited about this new product which presents me with many more options while using my charcoal grill.Highly recommended.
At first I wasn't sure what to think of these briquets -- after all, I've been using charcoal for all of my BBQing life.  I decided that I needed to give them a real-life test, so Saturday night we decided to fire up the grill and make a nice fall meal of steaks, potatoes and grilled corn.At first I was a little worried - these guys are definitely a bit harder to start than your normal charcoal.  I don't like to pile up tons of lighter fluid because 1) I had the taste it can give food and 2) it's expensive!  So I piled these up in a chimney device and put a bit of fluid on and let it soak down for a few minutes.  After about 5 minutes I was rewarded with a decent burn that soon spread down (slowly) to the other briquettes.  The BBQ was on!One thing I noticed right away was how much less \"pollution\" these things were putting out.  One thing I don't like about traditional charcoal is the amount of smoke and taste it leaves on your food.  These guys were generating far less smoke and \"smell\" than I am used to - at once point I was sure they went out because I just wasn't seeing anything, but sure enough they were still going - and generating a good heat, too.The real test of how long these guys were going to last was baking the potatoes.  As you all know, baking a potatoe on the grill in an exercise in patience.  Normally I have to time things just right so I don't lose my heat.  With these guys I was very surprised that an hour after lighting them they were still generating a good amount of heat and showed no signs of stopping.  Ninety minutes later I put on the steaks.  Things were looking good.We ate, we drank, and in the end - it was good.  The steaks tasted really good, part of the reason I credit to the briquettes.  Three hours after I lit things up the heat was still going good and we even managed to throw on some hamburgers and cook them up for our lunch the next day.Overall, very impressed!  I think I've found a new BBQ buddy here...
We have a small Weber grill we use to cook out occasionally. When we do cook out, I usually just buy whatever kind of charcoal is available at the corner supermarket. Last weekend we tried these coconut shell briquettes to make hamburgers. My husband loaded the briquettes along with some tinder in a metal chimney style charcoal starter.  The coals got hot as quickly as regular charcoal and the burgers cooked up just fine.  The only difference we noticed was that the coals were a little smokier to start off with than the charcoal we regularly use. This may have been partly our fault as we ordered these briquettes awhile back and then left them sitting in our garage for some time during all kinds of weather before we tried them. It is possible the smoky part wouldn't have happened if we hadn't let the briquettes sit around for as long as we did in a sometimes damp, uninsulated garage. Beside a little bit of extra smoke at the beginning the cookout, the burgers tasted fine and we didn't notice much difference compared to regular charcoal.I received these free from the Vine program and am considering stocking up on these on a regular basis. I like the idea of recycling natural coconut shells into a useful product.
The main difference between these coconut briquettes and regular charcoal briquettes seems to be that the coconut  burns much hotter and because of that I was able to use about 1/3 less briquettes than normal.They lit easily with no lighter fluid, using a chimney starter. The only reason I would purchase these is to have an outdoor cookout with little charcoal flavoring. Personally when my family ate the meat that had been cooked with these; the main comment was that they missed the distinctive flavoring that a charcoal grill gives to meat. If that is what you look forward to in your grilling, give these a skip.
I made one application around the trees and shrubs that have been chewed on by some mysterious insects and I am yet to see the results. I like the easiness of using the product and the safe way to measure the necessary amount.
I live in south Louisiana in a newly constructed neighborhood.  There are lots of woods around us and many critters on the move from losing there home. Mostly Silverfish and spiders.  We tried Home Defense and store bought products with little success.  I did a full treatment of Talstar on the inside, outside, and yard. Results = ZERO BUGS.  Its almost laughable how well this worked.  We dont see a single bug anywhere.  The spiders migrated over to my neighbors yard.  It seems you need to retreat about every 3 months.
I sprayed using the ratio recommended on the box, but the ants still came back a week later.  After a month went by I sprayed again using a little higher ratio of talstar to water and I have not seen ants in over a month.  Actually I have yet to respray in the last 6 weeks.  Maybe I was a little to water heavy on the first application; but product works as expected and I am relatively ant free.
I hadn't used a pesticide spray for years, but was trying to knock down some particularly pesty pests away from my edibles (I use organics there) .. this did the job quickly. Overnight the clouds of little bugs disappeared.
The bottle is huge for my needs for a small garden, but after reading the reviews, I gave it a try. My lemon tree had some Millepedes in the soil and I was grossed out by it. Some people said to try organic stuff such as putting garlic in the soil, but I don't think the garlic did much. I used the chemical as per Rx and sprayed around the pot 2-3 times, and now I don't see those little disgusting crawling pests.
My lawn and home were infected with insects so i purchased this with high hopes. Seems to work!! sprayed around the foundation of the house outside and on the lawn. While spraying I saw ants, small black insects and spiders crawling along the home. After a few days there's no sign of them. Still see insects flying around at night but nothing like compared to before. Would recommend!
If you are reading this, you are looking for a solution to your indoor flea infestation. I had a room with hardwood floors infested with fleas after fostering a rescue cat and her kittens. It was so bad that it sounded like popcorn popping when you opened the door! I tried Suspend with Archer, but was still infested after 4 treatments! I tried some horribly smelly pyrethin spray that did nothing to the fleas.Talstar, as part of my recipe, is what finally did work!I mixed these three chemicals together at the recommended levels with water in a 1-gal sprayer (all purchased from Amazon):1) Talstar Pro insecticide (active ingredient: 7.9% Bifenthrin)2) Dominion insecticide (active ingredient: 21.4% Imidacloprid)3) Nyguard IGR (active ingredient: Pyriproxyfen)4) Smith 1-gallon Chemical SprayerFirst let me warn that Talstar is not really recommended for broadcast spray indoors, however I was willing to try anything that might work. Talstar is a very strong insecticide. Dominion contains the same chemical used in Advantage topical flea treatment (do NOT use Dominion on pets though!). Nyguard stops eggs and larvae from hatching.To mix and spray these chemicals, I wore a respirator mask and I recommend wearing long pants tucked into rubber rain boots, long sleeves, goggles, and elbow length chemical-resistant gloves. The chemicals are low odor, but to be safe you should crack the windows to ventilate and keep pets and people out of the treated room. Remove EVERYTHING from the floor including closets. Vacuum the floor and discard the bag or empty it in an outside trashbin. Spray the entire floor, with extra into the baseboard cracks. If cats were in the room, spray windowsills too. Leave the room and let it dry.After the first spray with this mix, nearly all fleas were DEAD that day! A week later, only a few flea eggs had managed to survive and hatch, and the second spray eliminated them. No return of fleas! Just for good measure, I sprayed a third time (all 3 spraying were 1 week apart), and I left the room with the residue on the floor for several weeks after the last spray. Just be safe I mopped the floors with pinesol twice to remove any trace of the chemicals before allowing any pets to enter the room. This long process may be overly cautious but I didn't want any possibility of a reinfestation by mopping too soon, and I wouldn't take a chance of poisoning to my pets! If I ever have to deal with fleas again, I won't wast my time or money with other chemicals. I will use Talstar with Dominion and Nyguard and be done with it.
I have been doing my own pest control for a while and this seems to do the trick. It has the same active ingredient Bifenthrin that many other sprays use.  This amount should last me for a couple years hopefully the ingredients wont go bad in that time.  I got about twice the amount for the same price as the local bug store.
Think long-term when it comes to getting rid of stink bugs. My landscaper does the spraying for me and he tells me he has the best results when he uses far more of the pesticide than the label suggests. Even though spraying once got rid of them last fall, they showed up again in late August of this year. The landscaper sprayed a couple of times, but the stink bugs were persistent. Finally he sprayed a LOT of the pesticide (via one of those sprayers that connect to the garden hose), and it has gotten rid of most -- but not all -- of them. I've seen three live ones since he sprayed, but I've found a lot more dead ones. I'll probably get the property sprayed again before cold weather sets in for good.I bought a stink bug spray at Lowe's (something in a small spray bottle) that I use between the hose sprayings. It works pretty well when I spray directly on them. It's called Bayer Advanced Home Pest Plus Germ Killer.Up close against my house there's a huge evergreen. I noticed that the stink bugs flew into and out of it, so the last spraying included a drenching of that tree. A lot of the bugs flew out of the tree when the spraying was going on. It was after that spraying that I saw the most dramatic difference. I didn't see any stink bugs for several days and then after that only the three I mentioned. Since this product goes on killing for up to three months, I don't know how long they might have lived if I left them alone, but I didn't chance it. I sprayed them with the Bayer product.It's odd how these critters pick a place to invade. My neighbors who are very close on both sides of me are not bothered at all. I have no idea why my house was picked out. It's possible the evergreen was the attraction. I wish everyone luck in getting rid of this nuisance. Thank goodness they don't bite!UPDATE: I'm now augmenting my stink bug treatments with pro treatments by Terminex. When I talked to the sales rep on the phone, he promised me the Terminex treatments would get rid of \"everything that's not paying rent at your house.\" When the Terminex exterminator showed up at my house, it was a different story. He said the best they can do is help a homeowner control stink bugs, but not end an infestation entirely. It's expensive, but I decided to give year of treatments a try and will report back if that works. Meanwhile, I'll use this product on my shrubs and evergreen because Terminex isn't licensed to treat those things. The technician told me the best protection against stink bugs is to keep them out of the house. If they can't get in, they won't hang around outside. Seal all entry points. That sounds good, but it's harder to do than it might appear. Stink bugs seem to be able to get into the tiniest of tiny openings.
for what I wanted. I will probably wind up getting more of these. Don't know why I can't find them in the store!
Update: I was going to return these, but I decided to use these. The plants *should* last a month inside these pots if I'm lucky.Update 2: Just noticed I'm missing 20 pots out of the 60 I ordered! I didn't count them because I was taking them as I needed.-------------------------------------------------------These are NOT 4 inch pots you will be getting. These are not even deep enough to transplant into. What you're getting is more like 3 inch pots. Avoid these!I compared these to my true 4\" pot's and these are a lot smaller.Mine came from the seller Seed kingdom.
I bought some inexpensive ceramic pots (Oradd plant pot, no hole) from a Scandinavian store to use on my windowsill.  These 4 inch liners are just a perfect fit for the pots.  There are 19 drain holes at the bottom of these liners so your plants will never have to worry about drainage!  These liners can also be used as seedling pots in the spring.  The plastic is relatively thin but it is far stronger than the seedling starting cells from garden centers.  This is the best price for the pots that I can find online!Delivery from 9GreenBox was extremely fast via Priority Mail.  I ordered in the beginning of the week and got the pots by Friday.
I am very pleased with this purchase. This time of year (spring) I do a lot of transplanting and go through a ton of 3-inch and 4-inch pots and, to be honest, I'm sick of paying premium price for them. These pots are the exact same quality that you get in a garden center and they were much cheaper. They came nicely bundled and packaged and I'm very happy with them. Buy with confidence.
I like these, they are tougher than the pots that are \"give away pots\" They are the kind you use and reuse.  I'm a bottom water'er so I like the 8 holes on the bottom.  The price is good, so buy some!
This is a great deal for starting seeds - I got them to establish cuttings, but then realized I needed a 6-inch because of the length of my cuttings.  So, I can say as a caution that that there is a huge difference between the 4- and 6-inch pot, almost twice the size. It is good they are available at a decent price for Prime.
I bought this to use with my Q240 Electric grill by Weber. The grill fits perfectly, it makes moving around the grill easy, and in general does a really good job. One star taken off because it's a bit flimsy feeling. I have seen no signs that there's any problem with it, it's just very light weight and therefore a bit disconcertingly flimsy. I'd still recommend this product and buy another if I needed one.Because everyone needs two Weber electric grills.
For a portable stand it does the job and works well.  Could be a little sturdier and a touch taller for my preference.  However it folds up to store down in the basement out of the elements with the grill and take with me camping.
Setting this up from being folded isn't hard, but isn't brainless either.  It does take some attention and coordination - add darkness and/or alcohol in the mix and it could be a little challenging.  It is stable and has some nice spots to hang your tools.
I bought this unit as a house-warming gift for a friend.  I have not used it myself.  I have a couple friends that own one of these, and they love it.
Perfect height and perfect for the Weber 386002 Q 100 Portable Propane Gas Grill.  It's too bad there isn't more shelf space somewhere, but then it probably wouldn't be as versatile as it is.
When I ordered the Weber 1400 electric, I just clicked the package deal, Grill, Cart and Cover.  Then I read description and it said to use the portable cart.  I was worried that I did the wrong thing and the 1400 wouldn't fit on this, but I need not have.  The 1400 fit perfectly in it.  The back side of this has open places for the Grill legs and capture notches in front.  The handle side of grill goes to the front capture notches so when you open grill cover the grill does not come off the cart.  When you get it and put the grill on, open the cover and you will see what I mean if you did it wrong way round.  Not a big deal to change.
extremely easy to put together and matches all our furniture perfectly. will be keeping cushions---wife loved it as part of her birthday now she is retired it will be used daily thru-out the rest of spring and summer . thank,s amazon for great product for her birthday! well, two weeks later and my wife loved product so much we ordered a second one. don't hesitate-this is a great product. thanks, amazon for another feather in my cap. my wife loves the products we have bought.
I like this storage seat. It's just the right size, holds lots of garden items that I don't want lying around.
We used this for grill/smoker pieces outside, but I am thinking about sealing it up and using it for a cooler! It is a nice piece and looks better than the standard gray Suncast boxes.
Easy to put together... about 5 minutes for 2 of them. READ the directions and it's easy. Strong seat that holds my 235 pounds firmly.  Looks great and holds a lot of stuff.
This was purchased as a seat and a rain protected spot for delivery of small parcels.It was simple to put together after read through the instructions. It would not have been so easy without the instructions.It has gone through a season of heat and cold. So far so good.
We've been using these since the beginning of the summer to store towels for the pool on our back patio.I was impressed initially with the ease of assembly. They snap securely and logically together-no screws required. They also feel incredibly sturdy once put together and close with a snap. Though they are in a covered locale, so far we've had no issues with dirt, water or anything else soiling the towels before use. They've stayed clean, dry and ready to go even when a week or so goes by between uses.Overall, I'm very impressed with the quality you get for the price. They work fine for extra seating in the sense of sitting down to put on or take off shoes, though I wouldn't use them for dining or the like. They are better as side tables than seats, probably. But pull fine double duty as stools.We recently added theSuncast GHW1732 Resin Wicker Trash Hideawayand found it just as well designed.
Really durable, tough, material.  Not the usual flimsy blowing in the wind, stuff.  I will enjoy the protection this will offer throughout the winter months as well as in bad weather days.
I use it with my Weber E210 gas grill. It fits sufficiently snug to stay in place in windy conditions and has protected the grill from rain (not yet tested it in the snow). I leave it zipped and fold down the wings on the grill so I don't have to mess with the zippers. They are a royal pain to zip up. It is nearly impossible to zip them up without snagging some of the fabric near the zipper. I had read the reviews and was extremely careful when zipping the cover up the first time and still snagged it twice. The second zipper snag required me to use a pair of pliers to un-snag it. With the cover completely zipped to its smallest size and my grill wings folded down, I pick up the cover from the front and pitch it over the grill, allowing air to billow out the cover. I usually only have to pull the sides over the grill to cover it completely.
I bought this cover before I bought my new grill so when I covered my grill I noticed the the top of the cover had small cuts. I called Amazon because the cover is now on back order and it might take 4-6 weeks to get a new one. The person I spoke to Leo O. was very understanding knowing that I didn't want my new grill uncovered for that long so he is letting me keep the old one until there stock recovers. Thank you for extending the 30 day guaranty.
Great fit for my Spirit grill. Easy on and easy off. Just like the grill the cover is well made. Good price onAmazon vs stores.
I am glad I decided to spend a bit more and get this.  It is stiff enough to put on and take off by yourself and it fits well.  The quality is obvious.
This Wheatgrass Seed grows like a dream.  I bought it so my dogs and cat could eat on it.  I only have one dog that is interested.  You pet owners know the story.....it's the neighbors weeds the little varmints want.
Good value for the dollar and the germination rate is not only very high but quick.  Cats seem to love this stuff!
I put some potting soil in a 4 inch pot, covered it with seeded and watered. Seeds germinated in two days, grass was 1 inch high after 5 days and grew fast from there. Will definitely be less expensive than buying the $2-3 cat grass at the store every two weeks or so. Most importantly the cats will eat the grass so I would recommend this again. Based on the amount of seeds used this will probably last for at least 10 4&#34; pots worth of grass, perhaps more.
My cats just love grass. One summer day (I live in New England) I made the silly mistake of bringing in some wild grass from the garden to see if the cats would like it and they instantly became like little crack addicts. (Fortunately, I think grass is very beneficial to cats.) If I even went near the garden they started yowling from the porch to bring them some grass--I'm not kidding. Of course, then winter came and the grass was all gone: Cosmic Kitty Herbs to the rescue--and they worked great. But then I discovered this red wheat grass and it's a much better bargain. Those Kitty Herbs contain a mix and that cats do love them, but they also love this red wheat and for under $8 you get a LOT of seed--it quite nearly filled a one-quart jar in my kitchen. I wish there was a mix version that contained some other seeds (oats probably), I think the cats might like it even more, but they're pretty happy with this.One reviewer here mentioned getting bugs in the seed--but I very much doubt it came from this seed and even if it did, 24 hours in your freezer and it's not an issue. I keep the seed in mason jars and I've had some seed in there up to a year and it is bug free and germinates quickly. Hint: Heat and light help this seed to germinate, so if you can put it on top of the fridge or in a very sunny south-facing window to get it started it will grow faster. I actually start it under a desk lamp with an energy-saving fluorescent bulb and that works well (not much heat, but good light). And, by the way, that's how I start tomato seeds for the garden--I just bought a couple of el cheapo goose neck lamps at the office store on sale.And I've noticed that while that grass will live pretty long even if you ignore it, the cats will eat it more readily if you water it before it totally dries out. Part of what cats (and other critters) are after is the moisture content of the grass, so keeping it watered (but not soaking) is a great help.I've bought this seed more than once from this company and I'm very satisfied. In summer, however, I have to say the little crack addicts do prefer garden grass. And I don't dare come in from the garden without a fistful.
I just love watching our cats gravitate to the wheat grass as it grows - by far the best grass we have purchased - just soak the seeds for 24-36 hours, changing the water every day, then watch for the little roots popping out; scatter over organic soil, spray with water daily and within a week it's cat-chomping time.  Plus, the grass lasts for several weeks if kept watered, even a bit longer if cut.  Go for it - your cats will forever love you!
I keep a little pot of grass growing for the cats, which is the only thing I've found that gets them to leave my houseplants alone. They seem to like wheat sprouts better than anything else. My (many) assorted houseplants remain unmolested so long as I keep some of this growing for them.
Okay, I was concerned the first day I put out this trap for the damn mole squirrels that dig holes all over my backyard. I propped the cage up but it wouldn't stay in an open position, I found the cage had to be flat on the ground to work (odd, but okay). I put a piece of bread inside, next day the bread was gone and no squirrel!I didn't have time to put another bait inside so I left the cage opened and empty and bam! I caught one! Yeah success!I will have to knock off 1 star as previously mentioned, I couldn't keep the cage propped open in a sight angle, but once flat, it was perfect!Now time to find a sane way to dispose this rodent.
I got this trap because there is something in the Fall that climbs up my grape vines and eats all the grapes before they are fully ripe.  I want to catch whatever it is and dispatch it.  I tried mouse traps and they ended up tripped with nothing in them.  So this may be a chipmunk or a squirrel - we will find out now!I would recommend using only one door and putting the bait on the side of the trip plate opposite the door.  That way, the animal is forced to walk over the plate to get the bait.  I don't have much confidence that a mouse or vole could trip this trap though.  I might have to somehow adjust the sensitivity of the trip plate, but there are no instructions on how to do that.
Saves the lives of many of the small animals that have their own important place in this world, yet become pests when they invade our home and our gardens... I can trap them and easily move them far out into the woods where they can forage on their own, instead of amongst my own beloved plants, bulbs and flowers! Or inside our house in the cabinets and kitchen.Easy setup (although I have saved the instructions and taped them on top in a zip lock bag) and once an animal is trapped (usually by the next morning) I can pop the whole thing in the back of our station wagon or truck and whoosh! Set them free in \"another world\" where I hope they can make their own way.I like the \"have a heart\" aspect of not killing or injuring the animals in any way, but being able to easily remove them from our own habitat and put them in their own! Thank you Havahart. Great company name for an excellent and humane product. If only they made one large enough for DEER! Now that's something I would line up for!
In the spring small squirrels abound near my bird feeders, but this trap hasn't caught any.  My other Havahart trap catches many, but this one is too small and the two door thing doesn't help.  If you're trying to catch smaller critters, the easy set feature is really nice and the trap may work great, but was a failure for my intended purpose.The trap I received was a little different from the one pictured, so it might have been just a fluke that when I tried the one door method the trigger panel on the bottom was facing the wrong way.  There is a large hook on the top of the trap that holds one of the setting wires.  When you disengage that wire from the hook, the door to which the wire is attached stays closed when you set the trap.  The other wire is connected directly to the other door mechanism and can't be released.I tried the trap with both doors open first and didn't catch any critters even though the trap was sprung.  The directions say that if that happens, set it with only one door open, so I released the door wire from the top hook.  Didn't  make sense to me as the squirrel would trigger the panel before it was fully in the cage.  After multiple days, no squirrels were caught by this method nor was the trap sprung, so I decided to cut the wire to the door I thought should be the one left open (per the picture and common sense).  No takers that way either.It is hard to drop bait into the trap with only one door open because of the slant of the closed door and the fact that it's a solid panel, so I finally gave up on this trap and returned to the regular Havahart squirrel sized trap which is always effective.  It is harder to set, but more sensitive and snaps shut faster which is a requirement for squirrels.  Because it is larger, if a big squirrel comes by he will be caught just like a small squirrel, rather than springing the trap and getting away.I hoped this trap would be sturdier because eventually the other trap gets bent and won't set anymore so I have to replace it.  This one is sturdier, but since it's not effective for my needs, that doesn't help me.  I plan to put it in the barn as see if it catches mice, but will return to my regular method for squirrels.
I like this product as can be used to catch critters that you want to get rid of, but do not want to kill in the process. It is a human way of disposing of problems if you want to give a second chance! The construction is durable also. It is easy to use.
We live in the country and often have issues with critters tearing up our lawn and trees. This trap is easy to set, with the option of having 1 or 2 ends open.The trap is pretty sensitive. We tried the suggested raisins, which were eaten and the trap had triggered, but no animal inside. We suspect they pawed at the raisins from the side. We are going to try peanut butter so they can't just get it from the side.The quality is nice. It is a great , simple trap.
The Havahart 1061 Easy Set Two- Door Live Animal Cage Trap is a fairly small trap 5&#34;x5&#34; doors and 18&#34; long so you can easily set it in small spaces but you will need room around the trap for the mechanism to trigger. Being a small trap you can also assure you don't capture undesired larger creatures such as rabbits, possums, cats, skunks, etc. The 1061 trap seems best suited for chipmunks, rats, and most squirrels although I did catch a couple mice and they were not able to escape through the mesh.As a 2 door trap you can use this in an area that rodents pass through, without spooking them to go around the trap.  Although you can set the trap with one one trap door by moving a cable which allows that door to stay shut when set.Setting the trap is easy, a single swing arm on top of the trap attaches with cables to the doors and opens both, set the trip plate, all in one control.Also on top is a convenient carrying handle behind a solid metal top plate so no worries about a trapped rodent biting your fingers as you remove the cage.To release the trapped critter miles away, just move the control arm again just as you did when you first set the trap.The wire is very sturdy gauge and I can not imagine any rodent that you would trap being able to damage the trap.
I've used a larger Havahart trap for years and had great luck with it, catching, everything from squirrels, rabbits, raccoons, opossums to our family cat.  This one was a bit more tempermental to set than the larger one, but once set, I was able to catch a small squirrel, and easily release him.
The Havahart small animal cage is constructed of rust resistant wire with long lasting mesh.  The two door trap is spring loaded to assure you of the trapped animal...small animal such as squirrel, mice, moles, voles and chipmunks or ground squirrels as we call them.  I live in a cabin in the woods and sometimes these critter are fun to watch and sometimes (most times) these critters are real pests...they will eat through anything...even the barn walls.  The squirrels have eaten my bird house for the last time!!  I will set these and catch those critters before they do any more damage.  The mesh on this cage is small enough to catch and hold the small four legged pests.  The handle is strong and protects the handler while transporting.  You might want to get one from Amazon which is where I got mine.
We have had the cage for larger critters like racoons for years. We've used it and had very good results. I wanted to give the smaller cage a try since we have some pesky squirrels.For us, the cage itself was very easy to set. You literally just take the setting handle on top of the cage and flip it from one side to the other. The cage's doors are now open and ready. It is very sensitive so you have to be careful putting in your bait or moving the cage around or the doors snap close.I didn't have any trouble in the operation of the cage but we haven't caught a thing. We have had it tripped on several occasions but nothing inside. I think that something larger is reaching in getting the bait without going in all the way so they don't get caught inside. I don't really want to fault the cage for that but we've used it for about 3 weeks now and we've yet to trap our first squirrel.
I had a few squirrels that were going after one of my fruit trees. I wanted them gone but didn't want to harm them.The Havahart 1061 is the perfect size for rats and small squirrels. The trapped worked very well. I was able to relocate3 squirrels without any problems. I don't think this is the trap to leave outdoors 24/7 365 days a year but for the occasionalsmall nuisance this is perfect.
I have another Havahart trap for larger critters and within a few hours of putting it out, I had my varmint.  The whole idea of the Havahart traps are to trap and release in a humane manner.  Once you set out the trap, it&#8217;s a wise idea to check frequently.  I had a really miffed squirrel when I went out to check to see if I&#8217;d caught anything.First of all, you really have to take into consideration the size of the trap you need.  For example, even though the Havahart #1061 claims it will capture small squirrels, you may wish to go up a size.  If you have a small gray squirrel around, you&#8217;ve probably got larger ones as well.  This one is fine for red squirrels, but not the gray.  Take a close look at the charts.Another thing you&#8217;ll really need to pay attention to is the type of recommended bait.  I used the recommended bait for the squirrel and was very successful.  Practice opening and closing before setting the trap.  You will really want to make sure that you&#8217;ll be able to release quickly and easily.  For example, some critters can really be excitable and potentially dangerous.One last suggestion would be to cover the trap with leaves or something like small branches to camouflage it.  This trap will work for red squirrels, but can&#8217;t vouch for any other kind of small animals.  Right now, because it&#8217;s spring, I&#8217;m not going to use this trap because the squirrel&#8217;s young may be left behind.  I&#8217;ve had a lot of success with Havahart traps and really like them and would highly recommend them to others.
We live 40 minutes west of the George Washington Bridge but we see every kind animal in our yard and (alas) in our garage. You name it, bear, coyote, fox and of course, chipmunks, moles, squirrels and mice. We keep our winter and gardening shoes in the garage and, sadly, discovered that some creatures like to make a home in our sneakers and boots(I just tossed a very nice par of winter boots out because it was full of mouse droppings). We tried a mouse trap (non lethal) and not a mouse nut it wasn't big enough top catch the whatever was eating the bird and grass seed we had stored. I deployed this slightly larger trap and within 2 days, we had a chipmunk. It was scared but unhurt (baited with peanut butter on crackers). We carried the critter to the far side of the street, across a small bridge. We have put the trap back in the garage and are waiting to see if the chipmunk returns or had a mate.Overall, this trap works well, sets up easily and doesn't hurt the trapped animal. It's a little tricky to get the animal out (wear gloves!!) but it can be done if you are careful. This is a job not recommended for children.Recommended if you have to catch a small (mouse, chipmunk) critter. Too small for a raccoon or possum.
This trap is small, good for rats, chipmunk, and small squirrels. It has an easy set handle that allows you to set it with one door open, or both of them. The setting wire is very sensitive, it takes patience to keep trying until it stays. I think that as you use it the wire will stretch out some to help you set it easier. Hopefully it won't stretch out too much, or it won't trip!
The \"easy set\" mechanism is finicky. When it works, it is truly \"easy set\". But I have encountered extended periods where I pull down the easy-set handle and the trap refuses to stay set. I have been unable to determine what the difference is (and I am mechanically inclined). What *tends* to work for me during such episodes is to hold the easy-set handle down and use my other hand to lift each of the doors in turn to fully-open: This is only a fraction of an inch higher, but it lets the cables go slack. When I let the doors settle back into position (with the cable taut), this usually fixes the problem, and if not, repeat of this does.Advantages in locating the trap:--------------------------------I use live traps for mice and rats. While one can be reasonably successful setting traps for squirrels and chipmunks in relatively open spaces, my experience has been to be successful with mice and rats, you need to locate the trap in sheltered locations. This poses two basic problems:1). You need to be able either to position the trap without triggering it, or set the trigger with the trap in position. The trigger on the small Havahart traps are so sensitive that they will be set off by even slow movement into position (no sudden changes in direction or speed, no bumps). This model is no exception. However, the Easy-set handle makes it easier than sibling models to reset in a location that is awkward or hard-to-reach.2). There needs to be suitable clearance around the trap for the mechanism to move to release doors. The classic Havahart design has a rod that swings out and up from the side of the trap, requiring too much space to be located behind furniture (such as a couch). On this model, you need very little clearance on the sides, but you do need clearance above the trap for the handle to swing through. This is a potential problem: Years ago, I had rats in my attic and the trap was constantly being triggered without catching anything. I borrowed a surveillance camera and what I saw was that the rats, being cautious, would climb on top of various platforms to look and smell for danger. They used that Havahart live trap as such an observation platform, and while getting on top (before venturing in) they were triggering the trap -- sometimes by bumping the mechanism and sometimes simply by jiggling the trap. Putting something like a single sheet of newspaper over the top of the trap *might* discourage this behavior (It didn't impede the trap springing shut in my experiments).Construction Quality--------------------Excellent. Heavier duty than my earlier model (with which I never had a problem).One issue: There doesn't seem to be a reasonable way to replace the cables (between the doors and the lever) if such should become necessary (each cable terminates inside a part riveted to the door).Issues with baiting the trap----------------------------If you read the instructions and/or watch the videos, there is very little about baiting the trap for mice and rats, yet this is one of the most difficult aspects of setting up this type of trap. With a one-door model, you can put the bait on a tray in the back of the trap (enticing the critter to climb over the trigger plate to get to it). Even this is not simple because the tray tends to spill if you need to maneuver the trap into a hard-to-reach location. With a two-door trap for rats and mice, the only real choice is to suspend the bait above the trigger plate -- this encourages the critter to put its full weight on the trigger plate, to jiggle it, and if this isn't enough, the additional weight of some of the bait falling on the plate can help. My practice is to use tissue paper to create a small bag holding some nuts or sunflower seeds (remember you want a material that lets the smell of the nuts/seeds reach the critters). On some models, I can push a narrow metal rod from one side of the cage to the other just under its top and suspend the bag from it (the rod passes under the string that ties off the top of the bag). I haven't been able to do this with this model because the clearance between the top plate (with the handle) and the cage's mesh is very narrow -- too narrow for any of the rods I have on hand. I have thought of adding a loop on each side to hold the rod up high enough (using wire, string, cable tie,...). However, for my first deployment, I ran string from the bag through the two holes in the top plate. For me, this is unsatisfactory: The bag doesn't hang as high as it would with a rod, and it took too much readjustment to set up. See photo under \"Product Images from Customers\" (not at the top of the page, but to the right of the beginning of the reviews).For a single-door trap, you can temporarily remove the door at the back of the trap to insert and position the bait. With a two-door trap, both doors are spring loaded -- when your hand is inside the trap, the door is pressing down on your forearm. The pressure is annoying but not painful, but it does impede the free movement of your hand inside the trap. One solution is to latch the door in its open position. The manufacturer provides no instructions on how best to do this, or any mechanism to make it easier. What I did was slide a metal rod across the cage just under the door, using the mesh to hold it in place.OK for long-tail critters-------------------------When the doors snap shut, there is a fraction of an inch at the bottom left for the animal's tail. Note: if you trigger an empty trap, momentum takes the door all the way to the bottom, but I stuck various small objects there to confirm that it would crush or hold something similar to a rat's tail (my neighborhood has Dusky-footed Woodrats and their tails are very long -- 150% of body length).Explanation of my rating/my priorities--------------------------------------I down-rated this product primarily because the \"easy set\" mechanism failed to engage too often. I saw the advantage of that mechanism as being better suited for hard-to-reach locations. With earlier models, one often couldn't maneuver the trap into such locations without triggering it, and resetting it in place was difficult/unpleasant. If the easy-set mechanism were reliable, it would have eliminated much of this problem of putting traps in such locations.A lesser part of my down-rating this model was the difficulty noted above about baiting. This review is targeted at a typical consumer, not the professional trapper, and thus *their* ease-of-use is important. Many homeowners are unlikely to have readily available the metal rods I mentioned above. Many will not have the mechanical experience to quickly recognize what should be done. Tiny improvements in the design and instructions could have alleviated this issue.Caveat on \"Live Trapping\"-------------------------Note: Many people mistakenly think that live-trapping an animal and releasing it in a distant location is humane. I have been told my knowledgeable people that it typically isn't. If you are releasing an animal in a location suitable for that species, other members of that species have almost certainly claimed it as their territory and will attempt to drive off the intruder, with injury or death (immediate or deferred) for one or both. Consequently, there are often laws against relocation of wild animals (the bottom of the product's instructions advise the purchaser of this possibility, but without explanation).I use live traps to relocate mice and rats from inside my house to my yard immediately outside. The rats occasionally find a way into my attic and after I plug the hole, I use live traps to catch any that might remain in the attic. Also, I get mice in my house when my cat get irritated at being ignored for too long -- he zips out to the yard, grabs a mouse and drops it in the middle of the living room. His notion of \"quality time\" with me is not catching the mouse, but the cooperative chase. Sometimes I catch the mouse, sometimes not. However, I do know where mice like to hide and I leave a live trap there. Aside: Before you say anything negative about my cat's behavior, recognize that his need for \"quality time\" is part of what makes him so lovable.Live traps can be useful in the office as well as the home. I once worked in a building that had an infestation of rats -- they had relocated from an adjacent building that was being torn down after sitting empty for a decade. One morning as I was about to sit down at my desk, I noticed a large snap-wire rat trap where I normally put my feet. I negotiated with the Facilities Dept to let me use a live trap in my office area (and save my toes).-- Douglas B. Moran
The havahart live animal cage s easy to set up, sturdy and well built.  It resembles the cage we borrowed from the humane society last year but for the size.  The Havahart trap is smaller to prevent the capture of larger animals.  While I wish some of my neighbors would be more responsible about their pets, I have no desire to trap them.  The smaller openings on this cage prevent such mishaps.I have a small vegetable garden which has been under siege.  I have tried a number of things to prevent mauraders. This is the latest in a series.  Last year we borrowed a trap from our local humane society and frequently awoke to trapped rodents.  I had not been sure what was attacking my garden but it seems the rats were certainly involved.I have not yet caught anything in the Havahart trap, but then I am not hearing them as I usually do.  I suppose time will tell.The trap was easy to set and bait and looks equally as easy to release.  The trap offers one or two door operation.  It comes set up for 2 door use.  For 2 door use, pull back on the spring loaded handle laying it back against the cage.  That pulls the doors open, preparing the trap for use.  Place bait inside on the far side of the pressure sensitive plate. To use with one door simply unhook the cable from the loop on top of the cage and set the same way as for 2 door use.My only qualm, and the reason I gave it 3 stars. is that I wish the carry handle was larger.  I do not like the idea of my hand being that close to a rodent or other wild animal. (The instructions advise use of gloves while carrying a trapped animal.)  The setting handle provides a good deal of clearance from the cage. The carrying handle, however, does not, something I find worrisome.Easy to set and releaseWell built and sturdyDesigned for rodents and small pests: Small door keeps pets and larger animals out.Carrying handle on the short side putting your hand too close to animal for comfort or safety
The Havahart 1061 Easy Set Two- Door Live Animal Cage Trap really is easy to set, and it offers a cruelty free way to catch those rodents around your home and property and relocate them in a safe manner.  The trap has a sturdy construction that offers security to those using it.  The handle is located on top of the trap, behind a guard so that the trapped animal cannot scratch or bite you while you're relocating them.  All around, a good cruelty-free option for relocating rodents.
I'd have to say what I like most and first is that this item is made in USA, so I will be buying more and larger models.  Simple and easy set-up.  The carry handle is a convenient feature that others don't have.  The 2-door idea is brilliant.  I have found that if used correctly, there are no problems for its designed purpose.
I've always relied on Havahart traps for the furry little problems around my home and yard (thanks, Tigger). These new Easy Set traps are so much easier to use, especially in the smaller sizes, which really could be a pain to set in the old days. I'd give this 10 stars if I could recommended without reservation.
I have Havahart #1062 (easy set two-door) and #1083 (easy set one-door) traps.  Because they take care of our large squirrel population so effectively, I was glad to see a smaller model was made for chipmunks.  This particular model can be set with either one or two doors open.  Setting with one door open presents no problems, but trying to set in the two-door open position presented a challenge.  For the life of me I just couldn't keep both doors set open until I learned this trap's secret.Quite by accident, I stumbled upon how to keep both doors open.  After lifting and pulling the handle to the back of the trap, lift up on the door that normally opens in a one-door setting (closest to the cable loop).  While holding the first door up, lift up on the second door as well.  Both doors will now lock in an open position.  It works every time for me.This trap is more sensitive than our larger ones, so occasionally the doors are down with no trapped varmint.  It just requires a re-set and patience.  We have successfully caught chipmunks and small red squirrels using it and a smidge of peanut butter bait smeared on the top/bottom of the trip plate.  Havahart recommends using a one-door approach if the two-door position doesn't result in a catch.  It may indicate the animal is larger in size and best suited for a one-door setting.I prefer using easy set traps over trigger rod types.  After learning how to successfully keep the second door open, this Havahart trap does its job well and keeps the local chipmunks and red squirrels under control.
I have a larger Havahart , single door trap that I purchased over 10 years ago to safely catch and release pesky squirrels that prefer my attic to woods where they rightfully belong. My larger trap still works and was a godsend this winter so I jumped at the opportunity to test this trap on the Vine program. The size is perfect for chipmunks which we don't have here in our suburb of Chicago or for smaller squirrels which are what we have in great abundance. I haven't tried the trap for mice and even though rats are plentiful in Chicago here in my western suburb they are not present. It worked fine and unexpectedly caught a baby possum and then 2 squirrels which were released unharmed in the Forest Preserve.There was a little learning curve with this trap but not a big deal- my other trap is a one door model. The quality and reliability are there- if you have a squirrel problem this might be the perfect solution as long as they are normal to small squirrels.
I have used several cheaper brands of live trap for nuisance mammals in my small yard butHavahart 1061 Easy Set Two- Door Live Animal Cage Trap is considerably better made. It is also easier to set with the unique handle-based setting mechanisms. The small size I review here is too small for anything larger than a squirrel or perhaps a chipmunk: it will not entrap a groundhog or opossum or raccoon. But it worked perfectly for that pesky red squirrel who had been trying to dig his way into my porch attic (he had already chased off all of the more desirable grey and fox squirrels). I baited the Havaheart with bird seed-one of his favorite foods and set it along the trail he usually follows to the porch. Within a few hours, he was caught-and removed to a plot of state land a couple miles away. Within a couple of days the more desirable squirrels had figured out the treetop terror had disappeared and  were back to playing among the trees. And this time, the patch my son applied to the porch eaves will stay secure.Have-a-Heart makes great quality live traps that do NOT injure animals. Other live traps are of lesser quality and cant be expected to give the years of service the Havaheart will. I expect to be using the trap for many years to come and will be replacing my two larger traps with the Havaheart brand.
We have rats in two of our outbuildings. There: now everyone knows. But in two weeks we've caught three of them in this trap, as well as lots using other methods. Although this costs more initially I like the economics of using it better than sticky boards because it ought to last years even with steady use while we get one use from a two dollar board. Our big problem now is a disagreement about what one does with trapped rats, dividing along strict gender lines, but it's a better problem than having the filthy beasts taking over.
This trap was easy to set up and to use. I love the fact that the animal is not harmed and can be taken away from the area and released. A+!
it was easy to set up and it worked great. i was able to get control over a problem with rats underneath of buildings.
I purchased this humane trap based on other reviews and recommendations from people in the trapping field. I had a similar type trap, same size by a different manufacturer. I had set that one up in my garage to trap a chipmunk that was terrorizing my house and chewing the walls. I had set a camera up as well as I noticed that the bait was being taken but the trap never set. The video revealed that the chipmunk was able to elude the trap and get out before the single action door closed. When I set up this new trap I already realized the difference in craftsmanship and quality. Trap was very easy to set. Put it in place the following day and about 6 hours later I heard a noise in the garage. Went to check and there was the little critter, stuck in the trap. Victory is Mine! Brought him down the road to the park an set him free :)
I have several larger sized traps, so this was the first smaller easy set one that I have owned. This one is great. The size is perfect for squirrels, rats, and small rabbits. It feels well made just like the larger ones and will probably last a lifetime. The easy set feature works very well. The trap mechanism is sensitive for its size. Overall I am very impressed with it. Can't wait to put it to use with those squirrels that come back every year in the attic! Seems like a 5 star product so far.
When a rat discovered the bird feeder, we decided to try this trap and see if we could relocate it.  It was a pretty good size, probably from the steady diet of bird seed, but it was still smaller than the rabbits that keep the yard trimmed.  There are also a half a dozen squirrels that hang around the feeder, but our goal was the rat.We baited this trap with peanut butter and put it directly under the bird feeder.  I was a little worried about finding a bird in there, but the birds weren't interested.The rabbits were interested, though.  I've lost track of the number of times I've seen a rabbit wedged into this trap.  Happily, even though the rabbits are almost too big to fit, they've never triggered the trap.  And watching them wriggle out backwards is hilarious.Nothing else has triggered the trap either.  After replacing the peanut butter about 6 times, I gently touched the trigger to be sure we had set it correctly.  We had--the doors snapped shut.Mechanically, it seems to work.  It is easy to set and easy to release.  It doesn't seem to require a lot of pressure to trigger the trap.  It is also apparently easy for the local rodents and rabbits to take the bait without triggering the trap.  It's a great idea, but it hasn't worked for us.
I have a shed full of rats some are endangered species, so I wanted to retrieve them alive and relocate them. The trap is well made but was not as easy to set as it tells you, by simply pulling the handle back. It tripped every time I let the handle go. It only stayed untripped if I pushed in on the through bar before pulling the handle back. I used this with one side closed and baited it with everything from peanut butter on bread, peanuts, cracked corn, cheese and sunflower seeds but never caught the first rat. The food was untouched and the trap was never tripped even though my slightest touch easily tripped it. I placed the bait on the back side of the trip plate but nothing went near it. I then tried to lead them in with a little bait inside the entry as well as over the trip plate still nothing in the trap. Maybe my rats are just too smart to go in this trap. Unfortunately, I had no choice but to use poison we were getting infested. The smell is horrible, all the poison was gone so the rats were still there, they just wouldn't go near this trap. Maybe it would work on something but it didn't work for rats at all.
The Havahart 1061 is for very small animals such as squirrels, rats, chipmunks, etc. with the idea of catching-and-releasing the animal, if you so choose.  Another reason to use this trap over some deadly traps is that you might sometimes have other animals in the area you don't want to kill such as birds and cats.  Believe me -- birds are curious, and I've already caught a few with Havahart's.The trap is so simple it comes only with a one-page manual and thankfully the trap arrives pre-assembled.  The manual gives ideas on some of the best bait for luring various animals.  I've tested the trap trigger with my hand, and it triggered every time.In my experience in catching rats (roof rats, and they come on the ground to eat as well), the trigger mechanism has to be very sensitive.  With Havahart traps, I've sometimes had the bait missing but it never triggered.  To help it along, I sometimes clamp some quarters onto the trap to make it more sensitive.  I've had success with this technique.  Of course, you want to place the bait on and near the trap (both sides) to encourage to animal to put as much weight as possible on the trigger ramp.Note I don't think that this trap will be ideal for mice due to their light weight.  For mice, I recommend using a trap specifically for mice instead.PROS====+ Light with nice handle+ Super easy to set trap with just one hand+ Comes pre-assembled+ Easy to release animal w/o getting your fingers near animal (but they recommend gloves)+ Sturdy construction and no sharp edges that will hurt animalCONS====+ Trigger weight not adjustable (unless you manually add weight somehow)Overall, my initial impressions are very good with this trap, and I highly recommend it for the type of animals advertised.
I have used the Havahart larger single door trap for the large grey squirrels, but had no success with the smaller red squirrels or with rats.  Both the rats and red squirrels could work they way through the cage wire in under two minutes.  I absolutely did not want to use poison, so I thought I was just stuck until I saw this product.  Here is what I liked:1.  The cage is much smaller and easier to place than the larger unit is.2.  The trap is MUCH easier to set as the handle on the top does the work for you!  You can set it for either two open doors or one open door.  This is VERY important when you are trying to release a wild animal after it has been in a cage!  You definitely want it pointed AWAY from you and toward a nice open spot so that it will go that way and not feel cornered by you.3.  Since both ends are blocked when the trap is shut, it is much easier to approach without causing unnecessary agitation in the occupant of the cage.What I did not like as much:1.  Because the trap is open at both ends, the trip lever becomes a problem trying to bait it.  When the design has only one end open, the trip lever is set such that you put the food on the other side of the lever and the critter has to step on the lever to get to the food.  With two sides open, it can approach from either end which generally means that the side it approaches on is NOT the trip side so the food is gone and so is the critter.I was able to deal with the above by using peanut butter and spreading it in a thin amount on the top edge of the trip lever.  That way whatever was after the food had to step on the lever and that resulted in catches each time!!!This is an ideal way to deal with small animals that are too small for the larger cage.  It still traps them without hurting them and allows you to relocate them safely.I highly recommend this product if you have a need for it!!
After a couple of minor adjustments, the trap now works like a charm: The peanut butter, mixed with bird-food containing sunflower seeds, appears to be irresistible to chipmunks and gray squirrels. Although the trap has two doors, the trap seems to be most effective when used in the one-door mode; then the critter has to go OVER the trip plate to get to the bait.  No free lunch in that case.  The design and the efficiency of this trap are just amazing.My trap was not quite square when I took it out of the box.  As a result, the trap door rubbed against one side.  But is was a simple task to bend the cage back into the proper square shape.  Another minor problem was that the trap would not stay open.  Filing the plastic setting handle where it touches the top of the trap when it is pulled open solved that problem.  I wonder, are these traps tested before they are shipped or did the damage occur during shipment?  In any event, it is a good idea to verify that the trap works properly when putting it into service and to make any needed minor adjustments.
I am a real fan of Havahart products.  Quality material, and they stand behind their products.  This is my first double-door trap, the Havahart 1061 Easy Set 2 Door Trap.  It's for smaller mammals, like squirrels and rats.  It has the easy to set handle, and a cable can be detached to make this a single-door trap (easily done).  The wire cage right next to the trigger plate is slightly wider than in the rest of the trap, allowing for your finger to reach inside and set off the trap when testing.However, my model, for both the double and single-door versions, was not well adjusted.  That is, when set, the slightest bump would set the trap off (&#34;hair trigger&#34;).  It was too sensitive.  I could pull up on the primary door when opened and that would make it better, but I shouldn't have to do this.  In any case, make sure your trap is positioned firmly against the ground (no wobbling), baited with the right material to attract the specific animal you want to trap, and that you have a plan in place before you start trapping to deal with the captured animal.
I baited the trap with blue cheese and sure enough, the next morning, I caught Mr. Rat &#34;who ate the lettuce&#34; from the Garden.  He was sleeping when I found him.  He took a final farewell swim and I disposed of the pest.No pet's were harmed from a snap trap.  No poisons were used that could have hurt other animals. It is safe, effective and re-useable.The table will be set all summer near my organic garden.  Hopefully word will spread among the rat family, that &#34;dinner and a swim&#34; is a onetime invitation at my garden.Highly recommended.
Endorsed by mice as a humane feeding device! They go in, eat the bait, and leave at their leisure. There's conflicting info about whether this trap is even intended for mice. The Amazon one-line description lists mice first, but the chart showing which animals are best targeted with which trap doesn't include mice for this one, and the box the trap comes in doesn't either. The chart and the box are right.It appears that despite a hair trigger, mice just aren't heavy enough to spring the trap. I see several other reviews that say chipmunks and other animals of similar size also sometimes walk in and out of the trap without springing it, though several reviews do report success with chipmunks and rats.The Havahart video on the Amazon product page suggests for smaller animals hanging the bait over the trigger plate, so they have to stand up on it to get the bait. That may work well for chipmunks and the like, but it still doesn't work for mice, at least the ones at my house.I've also seen complaints that some squirrels can push their way out of the trap after it's closed. There's no latch to keep the door closed, only the pressure from a spring. I haven't had that problem myself.On the positive side, the trap is solidly made, easy to set, easy to open for release, and works well for animals of the right size. And it doesn't seem to hurt them.Tip: if the trap doesn't set when you pull the handle back, try pulling the cage door up a little higher at the end by hand. Works for me.
This trap (Model 1061) is well-built, sturdy, incredibly easy to set. It can be used as a double door trap or a single door trap by simply unlooping a section of cable or relooping it. Even I could figure it out without assistance and I am notoriously untechnical. A cover can readily be built around the trap or it can be set under something that provides shade to protect any captured animal from the sun during the hours between capture and release. It should do no harm to the trapped animal during the catching process because there are no sharp points, no heavy parts, nothing to cut or crush. It seems to require a moderate amount of weight to trigger the doors to close. I say \"it seems to\" because so far it hasn't caught anything. As the websites that deal with live trapping will tell you, the bait has to be more attractive than the food sources that are available in other locations outside the trap. I have used sunflower seeds, cheese, and peanut butter. No luck yet. I'm still refining my system.Here are some things I just learned: cover the metal mesh bottom of the trap with soil or leaves so the animals don't sense that they're walking into a trap (why didn't I think of that!). Position limbs or boards to create a funnel effect that directs the animals from their entry point into the trap. Cover any glare that may catch the animal's attention. Consider washing the trap to remove any factory odors. I already use old gloves when handling the trap, but I hadn't thought about odors that might have been introduced during manufacture. (My thanks to the Washington Dept. of Fish & Wildlife for these excellent ideas. I highly recommend their website for further ideas and thoughts on the subject.)Live-trapping animals is a difficult issue. First of all, it's illegal to live trap and relocate wild animals from one property to another here in California where I live, although it's okay to trap them indoors and move them outside or move them from one area to another on the same property. I don't know what the law requires for your area, but I did a lot of research and found that in many jurisdictions, laws prohibit relocation because it creates suffering and often death for the relocated animals, increases problems at the release site, and fails to solve the wildlife problem in the initial location as replacement animals move in. Even in those states where it is legal, these problems exist. (Live-trapping for feral cats is a different issue entirely because trapping is the first step in getting the animals spayed and neutered and creating a real solution to a problem.)Before choosing to live-trap it was essential to take all the preventive and ameliorative measures available. Yet my property still suffers from invasive, disease-carrying vermin. Only a few miles away, several people died after catching hanta virus. Other real concerns are salmonellosis, bubonic plague, and Lyme disease. It appears I have no choice but to reduce the burden of ground squirrels and mice on my land.I love animals. I would never use poison because it causes an excruciating death - and stays potent enough to kill unintended victims, animals that eat or come in contact with the poisoned targets. I would never use glue traps for similar reasons. I have no desire to shoot animals, break their necks, or dispatch them in any way.And yet, I have found that trying to coexist with them often results in the proliferation of the most aggressive and unpleasant species while the more desirable animals go elsewhere, die of vermin-carried disease, or suffer in other ways. So, human intervention appears to be something I had better get comfortable with. This trap is part of my effort to intervene in the least inhumane way possible while reducing the load of disease-carrying vermin from my property. I hope it works out, but it hasn't yet.
Havahart builds traps for a variety of small animals.  Model 1061 is intended for small squirrels, chipmunks, rats and for other small animals.  The trap is designed to protect you and the trapped animal.  Two door operation increases the chances of catching the animal.  I am pleased with the quality of construction and would recommend its use to control unwanted pests.
When I ordered this trap, we had a critter, most likely a rat, in the garage.  The rat was actually smart enough to move the glue traps out of his way as he made his way around the garage, shredding anything in sight that looked comfy.  I ordered this trap in the hopes that he would not be wise to this type of trap design and know to avoid it.  After we set this trap up, the rat seemed to have left either of his own free will or a neighborhood cat, so I can't tell you if this trap would have worked for sure or not.  However, I didn't feel it right to downgrade the product just because we no longer had a rat in our midst to field test it.It was easy to set up and place food in the center.  I touched the center part with the food through the bars with a stick, and the cage doors on the ends shut quickly as promised.  I think if we did have a rat this would work.  We are keeping it set up in the garage with food for the next rodent visit, just in case. It is kinder than a glue trap or a snap trap, so I am happy to have it around.
I love these Havahart traps.  I have two now.  The other one I have is a larger one-door trap made for \"rats\" and other similar sized animals.  The wire openings are larger, and it did not catch anything in a friend's garage, where a very large \"mouse\" was spotted.  (I don't know about where you live, but where I live you are only suppose to say you saw a very large \"mouse\", not anything else, such as a small \"rat\".) The \"mouse\" always ate the bait and sprung the trap, but was never in the trap.  (Maybe it was a \"mouse\".)  This two-door trap has smaller wire openings, so it's even suggested that it could be used for \"mice\".  I don't know if it would work for \"mice\", because it is spring and there seem to be no \"mice\" inside anywhere for me to try out the trap.  (The only \"mice\" I saw last winter had been killed by the \"cats\".)  Thus, a 3-star rating for neutrality . . . until the day I possibly catch something with a Havahart trap. :)
Some of which were larger than this trap will allow so for that I have a larger Havahart for rabbits, etc. that I used.Havahart Easy Set Traps are the best for humanely trapping small critters to larger  animals, as in our case, large stray and feral cats to be trapped, neutered and returned.This trap is easy to bait and set and I have found the customer service exceptional in their willingness to answer questions and provide information.I will make a suggestion - before you even think about using any Havahart, get used to it in your home.  Set it, release it, etc so it is second nature.  Even think about putting a cover over it such as an old sheet or pillowcase cut down and cut out around handle and on the cage on the top and both sides - not the ends, when it is baited, so when you walk up and you have caught a tiny something, you won't scare it to death before you get it relocated.  Also helps in case whatever you have inside the trap decides to spray...okay this won't work in the case of skunks :)  You are on your own there........This Havahart 1061 worked great to relocate a family of desert ground squirrels who were in the way of some construction and certain death!
This trap is heavy duty. Has a door on each end of the trap, but seems to be hard to snap closed, as though you have to be a fat rat to get caught. So far we haven't caught anything with this trap. Place bait inside the trap, and as they walk into the trap for the food, the door slams shut. We will see......
This seems to be a good quality trap.  I haven't caught any critters with it yet, but it trips easy, so that should not be a problem.  It looks like any critter won't be getting out by themselves either.  However, it is rather small.  I am not sure it would work on the average sized squirrel because I think the door would drop onto the squirrel thus keeping the door up a bit so the squirrel could squeeze back out.  However, for mice or chipmunks, I think this will work fine.
I've used Havahart Live traps for a number of years now for larger creatures like racoons and possums but I have a bit of a squirrel issue now and I wondered how to trap these smaller animals. I was delighted to see that Havahart has a trap designed for smaller critters.This trap is about the size of a 12 pack refrigerator box of sodas. It features two doors and an easy set lever on top of the trap. My very favorite thing about this trap is the large metal plate under the carrying handle. Not all traps have this and I've had some scary experiences trying to carry a trap with a raccoon in it, desperately trying to scratch and bite my hand through the wire under the carrying handle. This plate offers a lot of welcome protection for your hand, although I advise always wearing a thick leather glove when near any trapped animal.Depending upon what size creature you're trying to trap, you'll need to experiment with bait and whether or not to use one or two open doors. The mechanism for shutting the doors depends upon the animal depressing the center trip plate enough. Lighter animals may be able to get the bait without activating the trap. I advise using a big gob of peanut butter with some cereal or nuts or kibble smushed down into the peanut butter. It adds more weight and makes the creature work at it to get the nuts or cereal or kibble. You can also embed a metal nut in the peanut butter to add even more weight, if necessary.Also, if you find the bait has been taken but the trap didn't close, try using only one door open. You can easily do this by disengaging the second door cable from the setting loop.This trap does work for smaller animals but expect to experiment a little to trap your little pests. Also, be sure to check your trap at least twice a day because a small animal can dehydrate quickly in the trap, especially if it is frantically trying to get out. Releasing the animal safely is the whole reason for live traps anyway, right? So part of using these traps humanely is checking them often.When you do trap an animal, have an old towel or cloth ready to cover the cage before transporting it to a release area. The covering calms the animal down. When you reach the release area, place the trap on the ground and quietly open the trap. Move away from the trap until the animal has left and then retrieve your trap.Sometimes sharing space with small creatures causes big problems. This trap makes it easier to humanely relocate a problem animal.
Need to trap a rat, mouse, squirrel or other rodent? The Havahart two-door live animal trap will do the job. Made of rust-resistant wire mesh, this trap is designed for all rodents, but especially smaller ones. It has smaller mesh openings so that you can even trap mice. The spring-loaded doors and sensitive trigger guarantee that you'll capture your rodentia. A handle guard and solid door also ensure that you're protected when transporting the rodent. It's easy to use and works like a charm.
I had a rat that liked to hang out in my storage locker and I thought that this would be a humane way of relocating him.  However, it was able to eat the bait (crunchy peanut butter) without tripping the doors.  I had to resort to a conventional &#34;kill trap&#34; and found that the offending rodent was large enough that it should have tripped the lever.  Maybe this will work for bigger critters but if it didn't catch my rat it probably shouldn't list it as a rat trap as mine was fairly large.
I have a couple of Havahart 1025 traps that I use to control a chipmunk epidemic in my yard.  They are well built and effective, but they are a bit of a pain to get set up.  The 1061 is very solidly constructed, and features a handle for easy, fast, one-hand setting.  It seemed like an obvious upgrade, and I wanted to test it in my yard to see for sure.  Note that I received this as part of the Amazon Vine program, which means I had just 30 days to test and then post my review.I set the 1061 out along with two of my old 1025 traps.  I set the 1061 just a couple feet away from one of the 1025s to get an accurate assessment.  In the 30-day period, I caught over 10 chippies total, including 6 in the 1025 nearby the 1061.  I caught nothing in the 1061, but on many occasions, the bait was missing.  On one occasion the trap had triggered, but was empty.After some experimenting, I found two interesting things.  First, it takes much more pressure to trigger the 1061 than the 1025.  Second, after the 1061 trips, one of the doors securely locks, but the other doesn&#8217;t.  There is an arm that swings down that is supposed to fit into a notch in the door, but the cable that attaches to the handle that opens the door prevents that arm from engaging.  With some pressure, it will reopen.This unit is advertised as effective for mice, rats, chipmunks, and small squirrels.  Given the pressure required on the trigger, there is no way a mouse would ever spring this trap.  Chippies are taking the bait and getting out unscathed, or escaping afterwards.  I would recommend using the similarly sized Havahart 1025 instead.
To start with, I really do love animals.  Although not a vegetarian, I'm not a hunter, and choose to leave wildlife be when I can.  I feed birds in the winter, etc.  However, there are times when nuisance encroaching animals just have to go.  I prefer to live catch and relocate (rats are an exception, and I have readily resorted to poison).  I've owned and used a larger Havahart for years, having great success at trapping and relocating everything from nuisance possums, to raccoons, to poaching cats on the farm.  My early impression with this smaller trap, is that it is much easier to trap the larger varmints than the smaller ones. The smaller animals have much less body weight, and of course can maneuver in remarkably small spaces, and their survival instincts lead them to be quite inventive.I took this offer for the Havahart 1061 from Amazon to specifically try to thin out  the gray squirrel traffic here at my in-town home.  The grays are much smaller than the larger red squirrels and I thought I'd try this small trap.Features on this trap are Two-Door access (one on each end),  the &#34;Easy Set&#34; system, 17.25&#34; length, 5&#34;x5&#34; opening.  I don't know how to account for some the of the bad experiences in the other reviews, but setting the trap that I received is a breeze!  Simply rotate the setting handle back, and the cable system sets the trap nicely.The 5&#34;x5&#34; opening sounded awfully small, but when finally viewing live, I knew it would be just right for my gray squirrels.  And it is.  Two catches already using peanuts, and also a catch and release small bunny (they are relatively few here and not a problem for me).  I took the squirrels to a nearby lake/park location where there are plentiful walnut trees (yum!).  I have had  a couple incidences of finding an empty tripped trap . . . maybe an escape, but more likely tripped from an outside disturbance . . . this trap is sensitive!  I've also had a couple incidences of stolen bait . . . on that I suspect the local blue jays, which have displayed a vigorous taste for peanuts (I had tossed peanuts out, no trap, for several days in advance to &#34;bait the area&#34;).  I suppose a blue jay is also capable of being caught in this thing - maybe so far they've stayed off of the tripping platform.I will definitely keep this trap on hand for any future mice or (forbid) another rat.  No subject nuisance mice targets yet, so I'll have to take Havahart's word that it works on mice.  The mesh is small, but so are mice.  And the tripping mechanism is sensitive, but mice don't weigh much.  We'll see. I DO like the notion of using this for mice, rather than the traditional wooden neck breaker mouse traps I have used in the past on mice (mice seem nice, but just don't want them in my home).In all, great trap, typical from Havahart:  Sturdy, easy to set, sensitive, and not injurious to animals (notwithstanding the trauma of being caught in the trap . . . so please monitor a set trap often and relocate and release immediately).
Like others I had some trouble keeping the trap set,but still managed to capture 3 squirrels that were tearing up my refinished barn.The trap is sturdy and adjustable,and has proven to be a humane alternative to the pellet gun.
This trap is a well constructed live catch trap designed for ground squirrels, tree squirrels, opossums, and medium sized rodents like rats. It will not trap shrews or mice. It is an easy way to catch and remove these various small animals from your property.Be very careful, as all animals can bite, especially wild ones. The trap does no physical harm but does frighten the animal a great deal. Be very careful handling the trap with a live animal in it and when you release it into the woods.
Damn that is a good looking grill!  I went with the copper colored E-310 grill.  I had seen them in stores and they looked great.  I was very surprised to see how much better it looks in the sunshine.  That grill sparkles!  The copper color is actually a metallic copper that I did not notice in the stores, I was pleasantly surprised.I have owned many, many grills over the years, but never a Weber propane grill.  The other grills always lasted a few years, then the burners needed to be replaced, and they never worked the same again.  My last grill, a Kenmore, served me well for about 6 years.  I decided it was time to replace it because the hinges were rusted along with the propane slide out rack that rusted and did not move.  The stainless steel cover had stains on it.  Seriously?  Why exactly do they call it \"stainless\" steel if it can stain?  Then the door latches broke and I had to keep them closed with a bungee cord.  There is something about using bungee cords to keep doors closed that just struck me as very trashy looking, so it was time to upgrade.I have some experience with Webers, but never on the propane side.  I currently have two Weber charcoal grills, aWeber 751001 22.5-Inch One-Touch Goldand aWeber Performer Grill 1424001 Charcoal Grillwhich both perform well.  I also have two smokers, one homemade out of a 55 gallon drum, and I just finished building a wood fired pizza oven.  Yes, I know, its an addiction, but I love cooking in my yard. I have a few projects for this summer, I am building a firepit, and an outdoor fireplace off my deck.  The fireplace will have a Santa Maria type cooking surface integrated into it. I am also in the process of building a site dedicated to cookinginmyyard. Hopefully that will be up soon.  I only mention these things to add validity to my review.  I may not be the ultimate resource for grills, but I do think my experience counts.Now back to the grill.  Its a Weber, so you probably already know it is well made.  I think it is sturdy and well designed.  I went with the E-310 because I did not need side burners.  I found that I rarely used the side burners but I did need the side shelves, so why spend extra money for something I won't be using.  There is a sturdy feel to the grill, this is not a cheap knock-off grill.The cooking surface is cast iron and thick.  That means it will take a few minutes to heat up fully, but the thick cast iron transfers really nice grill marks onto my steaks.  Plus I do not think the cast iron will rust out too soon and need to be replaced.  The propane holder is actually a gas gauge too.  The tank hangs on a sliding mechanism and gives you a visual display of the tank contents.  That will come in handy because I have run out of gas a time or two in the past.  And it always happens on Sunday night when I cannot jump into the car to get the tank refilled.Why did I go with a Weber?  Because I am tired of replacing grills every so many years.  I plan on living a long time, and grilling very often on this grill, and I fully expect it to give me great service for many years to come.
The assembly was a little challenging by myself, especially when trying to lift the actual grill onto the stand.  I would definately recommend the assembly as a two person job, however for those that can't get another to help; I was able to get it assembled without scratches in about two hours.  The copper look is a little dark, and I would recommend maybe taking one of the doors with you if your picking out matching accessories for the deck.  My copper deck lights are maybe two shades lighter of a copper than this grill.  The grill itself is exceptional (this is my first grill), it reaches over 500 degs in approx. 10 min.  I am able to get a really nice seer on my proteins, have yet to really try veges, but I'm sure they will come out just as good.  There are hangers on both sides which offers many different types of tools, but I am only using three (tongs, spatula and scrapper).  There is a propane holder inside of the cabinet that measures the weight of the can and tells you the level of propane left (don't know how accurate that is yet, since I haven't had to refill).  Grill has enough space to make over 8 nice size burgers spaced well apart.  I would definately recommend this grill; for the newbie to grilling a small book is included that gives approx times for each meat and their website also has how to videos along with reciepes that come in handy.
I decided to finally buy a grown up grill after years of making do with smaller camping grills.  This one seems excellent so far.  I was able to assemble it pretty quickly and it seems very sturdy.  I definitely suggest buying a cover to go with it because it is too pretty to let the dust and pollen cover.  It heats up very quickly and I have been able to cook at temperatures from ~350F to almost 800F.The biggest improvement for me is that it can maintain a cooking temperature even on cold, windy New England nights which my old grill never could do.
I love this grill!  My Char-Broil Red was a big mistake.  That lasted less than 3 years!  This is AMERICAN MADE and worth every penny, my last Weber lasting 16 years.  Weber has nice people that are actually helpful when you need replacement parts, which is seldom.  It assembled in about 1.5 hours with 2 people.  I used it tonight for the first time and I adore it.  The grates are perfect.  Welcome back Weber!  Oh how I missed you.  Just pay a little more, this is obvious quality for the word go!
As we had just move into our new home; we needed something to cook with outside.  We purchased a charcoal grill which lasted a little over a year.  We have a nice large cooking unfinished patio; so I decided that a natural gas grill was the only way to go.  It is so nice not to run out of gas in the middle of a big cookout or the mess of disposing of the remains of a charcoal ashes.  It takes about 10 minutes to preheat and after that the fun begins.  We use a Weber rotisserie and several other small accessories.  The smoke box we use is on the small side because we do not like a heavy smoke flavor.  Cleanup is a breeze and takes about 6 to 10 minutes.  As we live in Florida we keep the grills oiled with Weber oil that also prevents meat from sticking to the grill.  A minor tip is always wrap sweet potatoes in foil.  My DGD failed to do so and it took about 15 minutes to clean her mess up.Getting the gas connected from the house to the outside of the patio was my biggest problem because of my grill location.  I did all the digging and the gas man install the pipe and inspected all of the connections.We have had several cookouts as I like to use MY grill.  It is very easy to adjust the menu and items selected for as many come to eat.  My favorite is a large beef roast (6 to 8 pounds) with grilled vegetables.  The meat is cooked to everyone's liking from rare to well done as you do the slicing.
Great grill. After much research it was this grill that continued to be on the top of my list. After putting it together and lighting it up, i was able to cook up some perfect steaks!
Our old Weber gas grill was 12 years old and dying a prolonged death. After it became apparent that new parts weren't going to fix it, we decided to buy a new one.  It served us well and we were sad to see it retire, but its faithful service made us sure we wanted another Weber.I did a lot of research online for performance and price among mid priced grills, and visited our local Lowe's to see some grills in person.  We settled on this Weber Genesis E-310 gas grill (in black) and received it last week.  I didn't buy it on Amazon but wanted to share our thoughts on it here anyway.It took me about 90 minutes to put it together, but all the parts were in the box, and it was easy to follow the diagrams in the assembly instructions.  I was impressed with how tightly everything fit together - no rattly doors or floppy handles on this model!  The stainless steel trim and enameled paint look to be good quality. It has locking caster wheels that make it easy to move and easy to lock into place.  There is a handy built in thermometer in the lid, which will be especially useful when I try smoking meat on this grill.  I especially like that the propane bottle sits inside the cabinet, out of sight.  And I LOVE that there is a washable, replaceable aluminum tray inside to catch the drippings.  Our last grill called for an empty soup can but it never did the job well.This last weekend I bought some nice steaks and rolled the grill out onto the patio for the inaugural cookout.  I am happy to say that we love this grill!  It lights easily, and cooks like a dream.  The cast iron grates are supposedly coated with porcelain but you can't tell by looking.  I sprayed the grates with Pam and left it burning on low for about 15 minutes to help season the grates.  None of the meat stuck to the grates, and cleanup with a wire brush later was a breeze.The side trays are very useful for holding platters and marinades and tongs.  And the inner wire rack is nice for keeping rare steaks warm while the rest of the steaks are cooked longer.I ordered the Weber cover for our grill, to keep it shiny and new as long as possible.  Hopefully it will last as long as our trusty old grill, who stood by jealously as we raved about our new one.If you're just cooking hotdogs, this is probably more grill than you need.  If you use your grill year round and cook all kinds of meats, vegetables and breads on your grill, this is the one for you.  It's expensive, but there are times you get just what you pay for.ETA:  We've cooked hamburgers, marinated pork loin and BBQ chicken since I wrote this review.  I'm finding reasons to cook out so we can use it.  It's an excellent grill.
The people that said to not worry about spending more for this than others were right.  This is a quality product that does a quality grill job.  I like the heavy cast iron grates.  They put a great set of grill marks on the food.I like the fact that there are other Weber products that can be purchased for their grills.  For Christmas I got their LED lights that attach to the handle, and go on automatically when the handle is raised.  Since I often grill at night, this is a great option.
This grill heats up quickly, is great for searing and has a gas range on the side for doing sides. I really like this grill and am very happy with it. The stainless steel finish is easily cleaned using stainless steel cloths. The grill parts clean off fine using heat and a wire brush. We make sure to take care of this and put it up every night so it won't get damaged. I took off one star because of the knobs, which turn too easily, even when the unit is off. There has been more than one time where we put the cover one and out this away for the night, only to smell gas leaking out of it from one of the kobs turning. We turn off the gas source completely now to avoid this from happening.
I live at a very high altitude and gas grills tend to be very &#34;flaky&#34;.  I could not be happier with the product.  It was a two-person job putting the grill together.  We followed the directions and it took about 2 - 3 hours.  The product is solid and well crafted.  Since I have owned this product, every time I hit the starter button, the grill works.  If it can work at this altitude and with the extreme cold temperatures, it should work anywhere.
Weber 6631001 Genesis E-330 Natural Gas Grill, BlackFirst let me say that anyone who owns there own home (and has natural gas service) should spring for the NG version. Some say that LP burns hotter than NG - I can't comment about that - but I can tell you that with the 4 burns wide open the unit reached almost 800 degrees in less than 15 minutes, air temp was at most 60.Plus you'll save a boatload of money and never run out of fuel again.Next, I strongly recommend you buy the E 330 not the ES 330. The E comes with porcelain coated cast iron grates whereas the ES grates are SS.SS may be resistant to rusting but they are inferior in their cooking qualities.  SS takes forever to get hot, does not retain heat like cast iron.SS grates won't mark the meat like Cast Iron does. Also, food will stick more to SS and are more difficult to clean.Back to the grill, it simply the best grill you can get for the price. Weber doesn't sell on price - it sells on solid design, top quality and unparalleled product support. Weber prices are pretty much the same everywhere - so buying it from Amazon there was a no brainer. There was no sales tax and it shipped free with my Prime membership & I received it in 2 business days.There are lots of grills out there that are cheaper and they are all cheaper but none are better. If you are serious about grilling - Go Weber.
My last stainless steel grill lasted about 5 years and was falling apart.  I bit the bullet and spent the money &#34;one last time&#34; to get a high quality grill.  Instead of stamped steel for the grill bottom this is cast.  The grill surface isn't going to be somethign that will wear out whereas my old grill(s) had flimsy steel grates.  The Sear Zone works great.  I noticed right away the cooking was quicker/more consistent and food tasted better.  If you want to buy a grill that's going to last long enough that you'll most likely won't have to look at another grill for 20 years this one will, in the end, cost you less.
So, after two box store bought grills I decided to go with the name Weber.  Paid about the same price for an indirect heat char broil and it lasted maybe two years and that is covered as well.  The knobs melted and the regulated went bad.  It was a pain to know that I could not trust my grill.  Bought the webber after a lot of research. This has been a great grill. 700 plus degrees and the searing function is great.  Easy to replace parts if need be.  Very well built and easy to use.  Propane weight monitor is great for piece of mind, side burner is great. Can't go wrong with a weber.
I owned a Weber One-Touch Gold for about five years and felt it was time to upgrade to the next best thing from Weber.  After doing tons of research, i concluded this was the grill I wanted.  The two key (and only) differences between the E-330 and the E-310 is the Sear Station and the Side Burner.  I thought about buying the E-330 at my local Home Depot, but they didn't carry it in black. That color was only available online.  Based off that, I decided to purchase the grill on Amazon since online seemed to be my only option.  The grill arrived about a week after I ordered it (used Amazon's free super savings shipping method).  I don't know if they do this with everyone, but they shipped the grill through ABF Freight, and when it arrived at a shipping facility near my house, they sub-contracted it through a local delivery company who contacted me over the phone for a delivery appointment.  The box arrived in great condition, and upon opening, it was obvious that Weber does a great job at packaging this thing.  Assembly took about two hours and was fairly straight forward.  You will need two people to assemble it.I cooked my first steaks and pork chops today and the sear marks were far better than what I got on my One-Touch Gold.  The reason is the porcelain-enameled grates.  These grates do a great job at holding and evenly distributing heat to give your meat those perfect sear marks.  Plus the grill doesn't get flare-ups like you do when cooking over charcoal.  The quality of the grill is rock solid.  You can only expect the best, durable materials from a Company like Weber.  I always tell people that Weber is the only Company I trust when it comes to good grills.  I've seen a lot of friends over the years buy these $200 gas grills at Home Depot or Lowes, only to hear them say their grill is rusting out two years later.  My One-Touch Gold is five years old, and is still in great shape.  I can only expect the same with my Weber Genesis.
This grill is so much better than my previous CharmGlow from Home Depot that it is unbelievable.  The temperature fluctuation control is rock solid. The full on temperature for all 4 burners is 650 degrees and seems more than adequate to char whatever you might want that high temperature for.I bought the rotisserie and it works great on this grill if you just use the outer burners for \"indirect heat\" and I use a drip pan with some water in it to catch the drippings.  A 5 lb chicken took 1.5 hr at 400 degrees and came out PERFECT...............YUM
At first I thought it was silly to buy a manual mower, and had been looking for an electric model.  But when I saw this one and started reading about it, I had to try it out.  To never have to use any gas or electricity to cut the lawn again was a pretty compelling reason.  I have a fairly small yard, so it only takes me about 5-10 minutes to cut the grass.  It cuts through the grass effortlessly, and it a joy to use- honestly, I started looking for \"for sale\" houses in my neighborhood so I can sneak over to cut the grass.  Simple to adjust, an absolute blast to use, I can't recommend this mower highly enough.
Our mower arrived yesterday and took about 15 minutes to assemble.  This machine,while heavy for a push mower, cuts the grass quickly and cleanly.  Neighbors had to come and view the \"new style\" mower - and everyone was impressed.  The name brand Fiskars denotes quality - and this machine is their first venture into the mowing field; other firms should take note of the quality and enhancements offered.  The machine arrived via UPS, utilizing the Amazon Free Shipping - this is a real bonus in making purchases.  Our machine was undamaged and the Instruction Booklet was clear and concise.  Highly recommended.
I've only used it a few times on my small lawn, but it seems to work quite well. The orange blade guard, which directs clippings to the front of the mower, is nice because it keeps them off your pants/legs.Due to my laziness/busy-ness, it's taken some abuse, and has even done fairly well at tasks that reel mowers are supposed to suck at - mowing not only tall, but tall and damp grass (though not perfectly, it did just press down some of the grass), and chewing through light leaf cover and regular-sized branches.I ultimately might end up getting a gas mower, because my yard not only has a steep hill but is quite pitted (meaning this gets pretty bouncy), but those are problems with my yard, not this mower.
This push reel is the perfect machine for the yard fanatic and someone looking to be green.  I had a large riding mower that we've used to maintain my 1 acre for the last ten years.  After spending $100 each year maintaining it for blades, belts, filter, plug and oil; I realized what am I doing wasting all this money.  Watched a tv show one day \"How it's Made\" and this company \"Fiskars\" was featured for their push mower.  I read the reviews, watched the videos and realized I should try this out; hell it's only $299 and never needs sharpening or any real upkeep.  You might have noticed I have 1 acre...that must take hours to push?  Heck no, it takes at most 1.25 hrs and that is pacing myself, walking very slow cause I'm trying to keep my heart rate down.  Heart Rate?  Yes, I'm working out along with myPolar FT60 Men's Heart Rate Monitor Watch (Black with White Display), which tells me how effienct I am with my weight loss.  It tells me at my weight and height I'm burning around 1100-1400 calories per mow.  AMAZING!!!  Yes, this is true I have lost 16 lbs in the last 5 weeks pushing my lawn 3 times a week.Back to the mower...It pushes very easily and has a very versitle height adjustment.  During the Fall months last year I was cutting it around 2\" and now that we are back into the spring/summer months I'm cutting it at 3.5\"  One thing you must do is walk your lawn before hand and make sure there are no twigs or down branches that could get caught in the blades.  This could damage the staysharp ability and put gouges or nicks into the blade.  Other than that, I have not purchased gas in 9 months; and am probably going to sell my riding mower.
Finally a mower that mows.  Just received this mower, took about 10 minutes to assembly (very easy), adjust blades (super simple) only need a 11mm wrench or socket for this, very smart, enviro friendly packaging, and vroom your off mowing, no gas no oil no spark plug no noise, fumes, handle vibration no fuss whats so ever.  After years and years of mowers that Won't start after one season, mowers that rust instantly (we live on Oregon coast), messing with gas, oil, pull starting till your arm dang near falls off, with all our technology, a good old simple mower that really really works.Cuts grass like a dream, us on a 1/4 acre, with a yard that looks alot like a battlefield, thanxs to two dogs and grand-babies, I was concerned that a reel mower would just not handle it, but no problems, this mower pushes easy, easier than shovin those gas mowers around, mulches better than them, no problems with the ruts, humps, bumps, craters in the lawn, cut through the always damp/soggy Oregon grass of h@ll.This mower is very well made, with rubber wheels, heavy metal construction, no cheap charlie crap here, and makes mowing kinda fun, not some horrible chore, just go to the shed and get it and start mowing, this thing pushes so easy, not like grandpas old reel-mower-of-death-n-doom, easy to maneuver, easy to store, easy to maintain.So if your looking for a better, simple, eco-friendlier, tired of noisey, stinky, crumby, junky mowers that always-r-breaking, wanna cut grass and smell cut grass only again, give this mower a try, you will love it!!!UPDATE: 5/20/2012Still luvin my mower, nothing better than coming home and just gettin it out of the garage and start mowing, my lawn has never looked better and even the wife luvs to use this (kinda odd fightin over who gets to mow the lawn :), handles the gooey grass of Oregon Coast wetness just fine, I just spray it with some silicone spray after each mowin or two and unit still looks brand new, only down side of this mower is now I really dislike the neighborhood chorus of gas mowers running, never realized how annoying those things are until now.  P.S. oh and the dog won't get outa the way of it, since it is to quiet.
I've put it through one season here in Colorado and it is doing well.  Pushes fairly easily and does a decent job.  It does leave some whiskers here and there and won't cut tough weeds, dandelions, crabgrass, etc.  Let's be honest, it doesn't cut quite as thoroughly as a traditional mower. But feels good to not have to buy gas for it and to be able to mow my lawn at any time of the day without annoying my neighbors or mowing my lawn at the same time toddlers are running around in the yard.  I haven't figured yet how I am going to sharpen the blades.  I know it says they don't need to be sharpened but I'm sure they will. Seems like it will be a little involved with the rotary blades.  So it has a few quirks but it knocks the grass down and I like some of the other advantages over traditional gas powered mowers.
It's good, but it isn't all I hoped for. I'd still recommend it but a few things to know.1. It is heavy, very heavy,significantly heavier than other reel mowers I've used.2. It is NOT easily maneuvered as many have suggested. Usually reel mowers can easily be tilted back by pushing on the handle to turn at the end of a row - not this unit. If the end of your row includes a fence, home, bush, etc. then there's too much give in the handle for you to push down and turn without banging into things.However, it has a few things that are really good.1. The ability to adjust the blade height, something missing from most reel mowers previously, is huge. I'm finally able to keep the grass at 3-4\" to allow it to crowd out weeds.2. I always enjoyed the quiet reel mowers but this is almost silent. No more clackity-clackity-clackity.3. The handle flips up in storage, so it takes far less space than expected.
I have used just about every major brand of reel mower and this is the most versatile and easiest to use mower of them all.First, this mower has some heft to it. The reel itself is heavy, and they weight is essential to get the momentum to plow through thick grass.  Also, heavy reel mowers stay on the ground mowing instead of bouncing up in bumpy ground.This mower has an excellent handle, too.  The fiskars mower has a heavy duty, stiff handle that should last a really long time.  It blows away the terrible handle of the scotts classic(which is otherwise a pretty good mower.  Still the momentum handle is not as stiff or as strong as the old Agri-Fab reel mower, but it makes up for lacking stiffness by being adjustable. One small weakness to the handle of the momentum is the grip.  It is a cheap foam padding that will likely only last a couple seasons.Cutting height adjustment is maybe where the momentum shines the most.  It is the easiest mower to adjust cutting height of any reel mower and it also has the widest range of cutting heights.  When mowing a really out of control lawn it is nice to be able to mow really high.  Then if you want, you can cut it again at a little lower level.This mower cuts like a pair of scissors where the blade does not actually touch the bed knife.  That means that you will not need to sharpen the fiskars for a really long time.  I have old mowers with this system that are fifty years old and do not need professional sharpening.  I just backlap them every several years and they stay sharp.  I expect the same with this fiskars, and will probably never need to get it sharpened.The drive mechanism is all on the right, so the mower can cut almost flush up against barriers on the left.  That is very handy when cutting along borders.Unlike most mowers, this mower throws the grass to the front.  That helps chop up the trimmings more finely.  In long, thick grass it does mean going over the same grass twice, making a little more work.  Fortunately the mower has the power to handle it.What caused me to buy this and use it over my old Agri-Fabs, which are awesome, is the ease of cutting through thick grass.  Fiskars says the chain allows it to release built up momentum and give extra power.  That is true.  This thing has great power.That chain is the big downside to this mower also.  Chains need to be lubricated to run right, and eventually chains stretch or break.  My chain broke in the first year, and fiskars was very slow in getting back to me.  They say they have fixed the chain issue, but someday all chains wear out.  Too bad, because otherwise this thing is built to last almost forever.If you want the most powerful, easiest to use reel mower available buy this fiskars momentum.  If you do not need quite as much power, but want one that can indeed last almost forever buy the very fine replica of the agri-fab mowers from mascot.Mascot Silent Cut 18 Deluxe Reel Mower - In Stock!
I bought this to save money but, I bought a house with 1 acre of land and it works excellent at cutting but doesn't get all the tall grease and weeds in lawns. If you have a small lawn thats not crazy with weeds and is not over 4 inches tall, this will work great. I bought a honda gas push mower as a replacement to mow over growth and tall weeds and then I have taken steps to fix my large lawn.
This was my first lawnmower, and I'm glad I chose a reel mower, especially this model.  It was easy to assemble, is easy to use, and works really well.  It is not heavy and is pretty easy to maneuver.  I am actually able to breeze right through my property in about the same time as the neighbors do with their gas and electric mowers but without all the hassle and maintenance they have to do on their mowers.I was tempted to skip the adjustment steps in the assembly instructions at first, but I decided to do things right and do the tests using small strips of paper.  It was easy to make the necessary adjustments so the mower operated efficiently.  As soon as I first pushed it across the grass, I got giddy when I saw the blades of grass flying out.  I'm actually having fun mowing my lawn rather than paying someone else to do it!  This is a great, high quality reel mower and I'm very happy with it.UPDATE: A few weeks later, a neighbor asked to borrow this mower.  She said that it got in to areas her gas mower could never get in to.  She said she could not believe she never looked into these before, and she asked for the exact brand of this model because she liked the performance so much.
I've been cutting the lawn on my hilly quarter-acre lot with a Scotts push mower.  My lawn came back thick and lush this spring, which I attribute to sheer luck rather than any skill on my part, and it was quite difficult to cut the grass with the Scotts mower.  I ordered this mower.  It is far superior to the Scotts mower (with which I had been quite happy until this spring).  It is quieter.  It cuts thick grass better.  It cuts closer to a fence, tree, or other obstruction (with the left side of the mower only; the right side has the chain that drives the blades and the housing for the drive assembly).  It is less much likely to pick up twigs in its blade and jam the blade with them.It is considerably heavier than the Scotts mower, although it's not so heavy that it's a problem pushing the mower.The manual states quite clearly that the mower won't cut grass more than six inches tall.  Based on my own experience, I'd say that it won't cut grass more than two inches higher than the setting for the height of the cut (the maximum height is four inches, so the manual's statement is true; it just won't cut six-inch-high grass unless the mower is set at the maximum cut height).  I'd recommend that Amazon include this fact on the page for the mower, however, so that buyers aren't disappointed.Assembly took less than ten minutes; it probably would have taken longer if I hadn't had an 11-mm socket for my ratchet drive.  I do recommend reading the assembly instructions all the way through before starting to assemble the mower; doing so kept me from putting some things together that needed to wait for another piece.I've mowed my lawn six times with this mower now, and it has satisfied me in every way imaginable.
This is my third \"reel\" type mower, and this is the best.  I have tried a German and an American product, and both had problems dealing with small sticks, rough lawn, and both had the \"bolt\" problem.The bolt problem comes about when the handles are attached to the cutter with bolts that the handles slide over.  These bolts inevitably become worn, and the handles slide off easily.  Frankly, this usually ends the life of the mower.On the Fiskars, they use cotter pins, which hold the handles on, and can be easily replaced if they fall off.  The result is a simple engineering solution.Also, I have a cottonwood tree.  Other mowers get bound up on the almost daily rain of small sticks and stuff that come off the tree.  Mowing would involve 30 minutes of pickup for a 40 minute mow.  With this solid machine, I pick up the big sticks and run over the others.A very good machine, which gives a very good cut!
I purchased this product last year when we bought a new house. I have just below 1 acre of land that is hilly, has lots of trees and garden beds, and a variety of grasses and weeds in the lawn itself. The product was shipped on time, was easy to put together and was exactly what I expected. Both the wife and kids(9 and 14) found it easy to push, but needless to say, they don't mow the yard, that is my task. I went this route because A. I couldn't afford a riding mower and B. It seemed like it would do the same task as a push mower without all the gas and noise. Last year we had a ton of rain and the grass was growing at a good clip. My Fiskars did a great 
I've been using this mower for a few months and so far I've been loving it.  No noise and no more fumes.  Its nice to be able to cut the grass while talking on the phone or listening to music.  I can cut the grass early in the morning before it gets hot without disturbing the neighbors.  The mower adjusts from 1\" to 4\" so I can cut my fescue at 3-3.5\" which is higher that my old gas mower could cut.  This mower weighs around 35lbs or so, which makes it much heavier than other reel mowers on the market.  However the flywheel and the extra heft allows you to easily push it through thick grass.  It doesn't produce that perfect cut like a gas mower, so you will have a few stray blades that didn't get clipped, but it cuts the blades so cleanly that its almost like someone cut the grass with a pair of scissors :)  I'm amazed at how well it cuts without stressing the grass.  My old gas mower is forsale on craigslist and I don't think I'll ever own another gas mower.  My yard is roughly 1/4 acre with a fairly steep hill in the back yard and it only takes about 10 mins longer to cut using this mower than my old gas mower.  The only downside is that this mower doesn't handle overgrown grass very well.  You will have to set it to its highest setting, and make multiple passes, so be sure to cut regularly.PROS:- No Noise- No fumes- Can cut higher than most gas mowers- Only reel market on the mower that can go as high as 4\"- Adjustable handle to suit your height- Much lighter than a gas mower, so easier to push on inclines- Cuts grass into confetti/ribbon strips for easy grass-cycling- Transports easily (handle quickly detaches using 2 cotter pins)CONS:- Very difficult to cut overgrown grass- Difficult to cut wet grass.- No way to collect clippings which could be an issue if you have a lot of weeds.- Would be easier to turn and handle dips if rear wheels were larger.- Doesn't cut tall/bendy weeds well.  They bend under the mower and pop back up.- Only cuts when moving forward, takes longer to cut around obstacles than it would with gas/electric mowerSpring 2011 Update:This mower has made me a victim of my own success.  The yard looks better than ever but I now have to cut 3 times every 2 weeks to keep the grass in check, and if we've had rain, my tall fescue is on steroids and I get a real workout.My grass cutting time has increased as tall leggy weeds have popped up in the back yard.  They bend and go under the blade and pop right back up.  So I have to back up several times to get the head of the weed in the mower just right to cut it.  My front yard has few weeds, so this isn't a problem.  However its a real pain in the back yard.  This will get better as the turf improves.  However if you have more weeds than lawn, a reel mower might be very frustrating.Fall 2013 Update:I finally gave it up.  I've put a lot of work into my lawn over the past few years and it is really starting to thrive.  So much so that I don't have the time to cut it every 5 days with the fiskars, and if you ever get behind with this mower, you will regret it.  Since I have tall fescue, it can easily grow to 8-9 inches in just over a week.So I purchased a battery powered mower.  I went with the green works 19\" lithium ion gmax mower and love it.  Much easier to cut tall grass and around obstacles.  Cutting the grass is significantly less work now.  Only downside, is that even though the green works is quiet, I miss the silence of the fiskars.
I was looking at putting a new belt on my riding mower (half acre of grass), doing a blade sharpen/balance and an oil change.  So I used my push mower for a couple of weeks because I'm too lazy to do all that stuff.  Having found that to be a good little workout and trying to lose some weight, I decided to try an old fashioned reel mower with a modern twist.Unlike many reel mowers, this one uses a chain and reduction gear plus a flywheel effect.  It needs a little hard push to get started, but once you get going you're not going to have a hard time with it until you hit wet, thick, deep grass or uphill.  Both requires you to get a little extra speed up and push hard through those patches.  It did however quite agreeably chomp up twigs, cut low ivy and didnt show much of a problem with weeds.Quiet (so I can mow early or really late when its 110 degrees in the summer) and no maintenance other than lubrication and an annual blade sharpening/adjust.  Fiskars offers exceptional customer service, recently replacing a ten year old pole saw when its attachment clamps no longer worked.  When the USPS lost it, they quickly fed-ex'd another one.  These guys have made high quality scissors and yard gear for some time.  While I had very little brand loyalty in this area, once I got great service from them they became my go-to brand.This mower is rugged and finely made.  Spray everything other than the handle with wd-40 before use and it moves and cuts easier and wont rust.  Brush the blades with a broom when you're done, never spray it with a hose.Some people pay someone to do all of their yard work and then pay for a gym that they never go to.  I've lost 50lbs largely by eating better and doing my own yard work and house keeping.  Not only am I improving my weight and health, my house and yard look good!
This pair of scissors definitely lives up to the Fiskars high reputation. If you watched the promotional video, I can tell you the scissors truly do almost everything shown.I do say almost: I have three problems with the scissors.1) The box opener/tape opener was not great, in my opinion.2) Using the pull-apart blade as a knife is handy, but it's a bit awkward to hold safely. Maybe I could get used to it, but I'm not sure I'd want to.3) I very much dislike the bottle opener. It makes pulling the scissors out of their case difficult and potentially painful. I can imagine how some people would find it useful, but it isn't to me - it's just in the way.Having gotten those negatives out of the way, though, let me take a minute to just rave about everything else.-The scissors truly can bounce back and forth from cutting fabric to cutting cardboard and plastic, to small branches, and back to fabric. Having been trained from early in life that a pair of scissors is ruined for fabric as soon as it touches paper, this is a HUGE deal to me.-The awl amazed me. I didn't have leather to try, but it pierced thick cardboard as if it were putty! Perfect for starting holes!-The twine and wire cutters also definitely work as advertised, smoothly and cleanly.-Being able to take the scissors apart for cleaning is another great plus, allowing them to truly remain multi-purpose even after an especially dirty job.This product is definitely worth every penny. I might even need a second pair...
These scissors come in handy in a variety of circumstances. They are very sharp; I tested them on a lot of tough materials and they did a good job. The design allows you to take the two halves apart and use half as a knife which is great.I haven't had a whole lot of use for some of the features like the wire cutter and twine cutter, and when I did try to use the bottle opener I was disappointed with it. It just didn't work very well.I do like that they are dishwasher safe so I don't have to worry about them getting too messy because I can just through them in.Overall, I would recommend these, particularly if you need some of the extra functionality.
Although not perfect, these Fiskars 5-in-1 Multi-Purpose Scissors, are pretty close and have become a constant companion everywhere I go.I recently purchased a refrigerator and needed to purchase ratchet tie downs to hold the appliance in place on my truck.  I tried without  success to pull the tie-downs out of the cardboard, held in place by those annoying plastic cables.  Luckily I had these in the truck and with a few quick snips, the packaging was removed and I was using the tie-downs.They are perfect to open boxes, bottles, cut paper and so much more.The sharpener/cover keeps the blades sharp and makes carrying the scissors in my purse, where they have been since the plastic cable incident, much safer. I take them everywhere I go and find myself using them many times throughout the day.My only complaint is that the scissors will not stay together if opened too wide but for me this isn't a deal breaker as they are easy to put back together.I'm very happy with these scissors and find they are very useful.
The Fiskars Cuts+More scissors definitely lives up to its name.It is very versatile in that it works well for cutting a variety of materials beyond the usual objects, such as (but not limited to) packaging, cardboard, twine light wire and fabric. Further, when the need arises for a sharp knife, the scissors can be taken apart so that the titanium blade will serve as a knife. In addition, the product comes with a handy sheath that not only protects the blades, it also enables you to sharpen the scissor blades and to open taped boxes. The only annoyance I have with this product, for which I deducted on star from my rating, is that the blades sometimes came apart when I widely extended the blades to cut some large object.Overall, the multi-purpose aspects of these scissors make this a product I think you'll find to be very useful and a good value for the money.
The first thing I noticed about these scissors are how sharp they are. It is almost scary sharp. So they really get the job done and due to the titanium will keep their sharpness for a long time. The engineers must have sat down and decided to create the ultimate shears. Let's see how many cool features we can include? I won't mention them all because they are already covered in the description. The hard plastic cover that they slide into is designed so well that you need to insert it just a certain way for it to go in, and once in there it is not going to fall out.The other thing that impressed me the most was how comfortable the handles are. It reminds me of a well designed carved base wooden chair; the surface is hard but it feels super comfortable due to the fit.Scissors are an item that you need more than one pair of. I have pruning scissors for plants that also hold onto the cut stem. I went out into the yard with these and they do a great job even on the woodier stems. I keep them next to my desk because they will outperform my other pairs of scissors just because of how sharp they are. Sometimes though you just want a regular pair of scissors sitting in a desk jockey to get the job done. These you have to pull out of the holder and they are a little more bulky than a standard pair, but that extra heft goes into extra heavy duty capabilities; need to cut up some cardboard, these will fly right through it.I can't think of any downside to these with their super sharp edges and handy \"other\" functions built in; they are a must have for any kitchen junk drawer. Highly recommended.
What I didn't consider useful:- The separate \"twine cutter\", actually a sharpened section of plastic on scissors handle. These are scissors, after all.- The bottle opener- The section on the outside of one blade that's like a sawWhat I didn't think worked well:- The handle is a bit small for me. I have average sized hands for a 6'2\" guy.- The blade guard that doesn't quite fit snuggly.  Keep in in the drawer for- The tape cutter. It's a sharp plastic piece that didn't cut tape when I tried it.  I can accomplish the same thing better with the tip of the scissors- The \"tightness\" of the blades. They rub together and require some force to close. Not a big deal for one or two cuts but if you are cutting stuff for a while your hand will probably get tired.- The blade guard didn't hold firmly and it started falling off after a few weeks use.What I did like:- As supplied, the scissors are quite sharp- The \"power notch\" could be useful for cutting rope, as suggested, branches in the yard, or bones in your chicken.- The wire cutter, something not every kitchen has- The sharpener that comes in the blade guard.- The \"take apart\" feature for easy and thorough cleaning- Being made of Titanium makes them lightIf you ignore all the \"wouldn't uses\", you're left with a very sharp, slightly difficult to use pair of scissors that come with a few useful features including a sharpener.All things considered, a good value. It would be 5 stars if they were easier to open/close.
These scissors claim to be five tools in one:1. The bottle opener worked fine2. I used the wire cutter to cut off a piece of small gauge wire3. I used to twine cutter to spit a normal sized piece of tough twine4. I cut the end off a small piece of nylon rope with the rope cutter5. The regular scissors function worked fineI don't know if you will really need a pair of scissors that does these things. I know that I in particular don't often run into an unopened bottle, take a pair of scissors out of my pocket, and say, \"Drat, I wish these scissors had a bottle opener on it!\" ... especially since most bottle have twist off caps these days anyway. However, if you find your self in that predicament with these scissors on hand then you are in luck! LOLSince these scissors don't cost particularly more than just plain Fiskars scissors, you aren't spend a lot of extra money for features you'll never use, you're spending about the same money for features you might never use. However, you need a pair of utility scissors around the garage or workshop, maybe you will use the extra features.I will have to say that I had none of the problems using these scissors that the low star reviews reported. The normal hand cutting action for the scissors worked fine, and the blades did not come apart.EDIT: Another recent reviewer noted below that he did have this problem, so I went and double checked my pair. The scissors are designed to come apart to use as a knife or straight edge, but you have to open them more than 90 degrees for the notch to come into play that allows them to separate. My hand is about normal size and I don't open them that far in a normal cutting motion. If you have really big hands, you might.Good product from Fiskars as usual.
I already have two pairs of 'utility' scissors in the kitchen drawer... why do I need another pair?  Well, what I already have isChicago Cutlery Walnut Tradition Kitchen Scissors, Brownand a pair called \"Catter\", which has patent #272410 from someone in Taiwan in 1984.  As a cook, one of my main uses for kitchen scissors is cutting chickens in half, cutting string beans or herbs, fresh pasta, and other food preparation and gardening.  The catter and Chicago Cutlery scissors have a tough time going through the chicken backbone and my fingers hurt from the pressure needed to cut.  However these Fiskars are much sharper, have better leverage and the handle is more comfortable, making the cutting that much easier.  The Fiskars also comes with a sheath that doubles as a sharpener and packaging tape cutter.The other two pairs include a nutcracker, and the Chicago Cutlery has a flathead screwdriver, but I don't think I will miss those features on the Fiskars.  I probably won't use the bottle opener or wire cutter, but they don't get in the way.  Since we already have and like a couple pairs ofFiskars 12-75807097 Softgrip No.8 Razor-Edged Bent ScissorsandFiskars Classic 8\" Scissorfor sewing and material cutting, I'm thinking we'll be happy with these utility scissors as well.  The two old pairs of utility scissors will be in the next garage sale; I'm keeping the Fiskars!Update:  These don't really cut through chicken very well.  The notch in the blade for cutting twine makes it hard to get enough leverage to cut through the back and ribs to split the chicken.  Looks like I'll be looking elsewhere for a more sturdy pair for the tougher jobs.
I have several other Fiskars products and they have all worked well and lasted a long time, this pair should do likewise I'd think.Some early design and production problems perhaps, but they have been redesigned since the bad reviews in 2010.Other than being in the 'Lawn & Patio' area of Amazon, Not many claims for much real gardening use made by Fiskars, but that is where I will be using them after a test run shows they do a fine job cutting vines, stems and even small twigs (in the rope groove).I do find that the handle opening for my fingers (6' male with average size hands) is a bit too tight for me, most of the problem is that opening is too narrow for the thickness of my fingers.also helps to let my little finger dangle outside the opening...  I hope it will not be a problem when they are used a lot, wearing gloves is definitely out of the question.Note that these are NOT made from Titanium, just the black blade is Titanium \"coated\"Titanium \"coating\" is better than plain steel I guess, but not as good as if the blades were actually made from Titanium of course. Coating is only as good as its thickness on the cutting edge and with each sharpening you wear away that coating.  On the other hand, if they WERE made of solid Titanium most could not afford them 8-)I do like the sheath that comes with them, although, I'd rather have had a way to clip it to my belt than have the bottle opener feature... can't really remember the last time I needed a bottle opener close at hand.They even made the sheath so that the bottle opener is ready to use without pulling the tool out.  Maybe it's just ME, but this is not a selling feature with all the twist off caps in use now.Nice touch adding a sharpener right on the sheath however, lets you sharpen as needed on the run.I MAY just file off the \"tape cutter\" feature as I've already stuck myself a couple of times with it while handling them.We'll see how they hold up, good brand with good reputation so high hopes.
I have found the tool great to have in my tool bucketand Garden bucket. I had ordered 3 but one had bent blades. I would have liked to have one for kitchen and to use around house.
I tend to do a lot of crafting so I'm a sucker for good scissors.  I like these because they are comfortable to use, have a very sharp edge (that is easy to sharpen and maintain over time) and they are versatile thanks to the 5 in 1 functionality.  Most of the time, I use these as standard scissors, but the knife and wire cutter functions are great as well.  Initially, I wasn't sure I needed a pair of scissors that did five things at once, but I've found them to be quite handy as I can have one pair of scissors in the craftroom, kitchen or at my desk that performs multiple functions.  When you are as disorganized as I can be at times it's handy to not have to get up mid project and try to hunt down another tool.  My only slight nit is that due to the take apart design the two pieces sometimes come apart when I don't need them too, but this is only occasionally and does
Love this scissors!  I can finally have a scissors that feels manly. I use it cut open boxes, small branches, general paper cutting, and others.  Love the fact that it has it's own sharpener.  Anyways, great product at great price.
I have used Fiskars products for years and this product is tops!  Whoever thought you would have all of these uses in one scissors!  This is fantastic and I will definitely recommend to others!
They cut paper fine but they want to fall apart all the time because of the design of the lock that allows the scissors to come apart. To cut anything heavy you need to open the blades far and then they want to fall apart, they don't live up to their claims, this is a very serious defect which makes the scissors a poor performer.
I got these scissors mostly for gardening. They work great. The blades are pretty sharp, so they are perfect for prunning my herbs. The herb plants are fairly delicate, so a sharp blade is a must. These make a perfectly clean cut. I have also used them to open boxes, and they work great for that as well, but I am especially grateful for cutting herbs. Great product!
I have to admit to a love for gadgetry. I love checking out all the new gadgets, and trying a few.  One of my favorite mechanical gadgets I've tried recently is the Cuts + More multi-purpose scissors made by Fiskars.Fiskars, the oldest company in Finland having been founded 360 years ago, is the creator of the original orange-handled scissors that has become a household favorite in America. Fiskars, which specializes in hand tools, released the world's first plastic-handled scissors in 1967.Cuts + More attracted my attention because of all the tasks it performs, somewhat like the famed Swiss Knife. The function that really caught my eye is that you can easily take the scissors apart and use one blade as a knife, especially as a box-cutter. That strength, however, is also the products weakness because in my experience the scissors come apart when I don't want it to and then I have to take time to make it one-piece again.The scissors has one notch that allows it to be used as a wire cutter and another notch so it can cut twine. A power notch on one blade can be used to cut light rope. The other blade has a bottle opener, although how often do we use bottle openers anymore? And the same blade has a pointed awl tip.The titanium steel blades are very sharp and cut easily. The Cut + More scissors boost the company's patented ergonomic handles. Another nice feature is that this tool is shipped with its own sheath which contains a blade sharpening tool.After trying out the Cut + More, I was going to put it in my gadget drawer but had second thoughts. This is useful enough to keep it in a handier spot because it's a tool I will be using often.
These are the ultimate scissors--sharp, tough, and multi-purpose.  In addition to titanium coated blades for cutting everything from paper to fabric, the scissors include a notch for cutting rope, a twine cutter, a wire cutter, and even a bottle opener.  One blade is blunt, while the other has a sharp pointed awl tip.  The scissors come with a sheath that covers the awl tip, and includes a tape cutter for opening cardboard boxes, and a scissors sharpener, useful for sharpening not only these scissors, but any other scissors you have in your drawer.These are comfortable scissors to use, well-balanced and easy to grip, but they are clearly right-handed.  The blades are sharp enough to cut hair, but you wouldn't want to do that because of the pointed awl tip.  Also, in order to cut hair, you need to hold the scissors upside down.  But for just about any other purpose, these scissors are the ideal cutting tool.
Chances are that you are aware of, maybe even familiar with any number of multiple purpose tools based upon a pocket knife (Wenger Swiss Army Knife) or a pair of pliers (Leatherman Multi Purpose Tool), but have you ever seen one based upon a pair scissors?Me neither.Of course, the mere fact that you've bundled a bunch of tools into one package means nothing.  The question is, \"Do they work?\"With a single exception, yes.  That exception is the Tape Cutter on the plastic Blade Sheath, which cannot cut through more than a single layer of packing tape.  If you must regularly open packages sealed by the careful (or the paranoid!), you will have to use some sort of knife blade, leaving a useless but sharp-enough-to-hurt plastic projection on the blade sheath with which you can accidentally stab yourself.As for the basic function of the scissors themselves, it is excell
I think that anyone who paid less than $14.00 for these scissors would be pleased and feel like they got a very fair deal.The only thing I dont love is the sleeve. I like the idea of the sharpener but it's a pain to work with the sleeve so I dont use it.I havent had any trouble with the 2 parts coming apart while using the scissors.These are MUCH more sharp and heavy duty than the regular orange handle fiskars. It's not pruning snippers but it's much more than scissors.I really like the black side of the scissors. I'm always taking it apart to use the knife to open boxes.For gardening I like a Hori Hori knife, but for in the house in the room where I open all my Amazon boxes and in the kitchen and for arts and crafts these are very very good.
Wow!  I didn't realize when I purchased these scissors that they were sooooooooooo handy, 5-in-1.  I bought them to cut up chicken, particularly chicken leg quarters and splitting breast.  An old pair of cheaper scissors has begun to come apart and I threw them away.  I live in fear of salmonella.  I spray the kitchen counters, the scissors, EVERYTHING down with bleach after cutting up chicken and packing it away in plastic bags for the freezer.  Believe me, these scissors have no little nooks or crannies for the dastardly salmonella virus to hide.  I had no idea that these scissors were so multi-useful. Actually, the tape cutter doesn't work all that well because I already tried it on an Amazon box.  I particularly like the sheath though; makes me feel like Sheena of the jungle using it in my kitchen.I love that they come apart, literally separate into two pieces, and can be sharpened on their own built-in sharpener.  I have found it particularly hard to sharpen scissors and will enjoy this feature.
I found these for like five bucks at Marshall's the day after I ordered these!  Anyhow, they are a nice set of scissors and have a heavy duty feel to them.  I like how you can easily take the scissors apart for cleaning, or using the blade as a knife.  It's a really handy pair of scissors, as it has all these other functions built-in, like a bottle opener.  I have a pair of Tradesman scissors which are even more heavy-duty, but this is a good pair to keep around to use in the kitchen, or even the garden.
Great cutters and safer than using a box blade or a knife. It is sharp and works well opening packages, cutting string and small rope. The sheath is also a nice addition.
These work great for the garden.  Their size and design make it very easy to cut herbs with.  I've used them for numerous things - to give you an example, azealas and stray boxwood hedges coming up as weeds are easily cut with these.  I put up a clothes line with them, and the twine cutter works just as good on thin rope.I did not find them precise enough for coupons though.  I washed them up, and cut up a whole chicken with them.  While they aren't made for the kitchen, they work great there.  It's really nice that these go through the dishwasher well.Mine have found their final home in the kitchen, but they go get to go outside to cut some herbs and okra now and then.I give them 4 stars because while they are tough and versatile, they are not precise enough for me to cut coupons or fabric for sewing with.
These scissors are designed to be the ultimate multi-purpose scissors.  I found them to be amazingly up to every task I have tried them on.  These scissors are very sharp and comfortable to use.  I did not have any issues using these and I have a very small hand (I am a pretty tiny person).  I easily cut through one of the cardboard boxes that Amazon sends their products in.  These also worked well with some light pruning (cutting flowers for the house).  The other features I tried were the tape cutter, the bottle opener, the sharpener, and the knife feature and all were easy to use.  Although some users have had issues with the scissors coming apart as they used them, this has never been an issue for me.  While I found it pretty easy to take the scissors apart when I wanted to, they have never come apart as I used them.  I think this may be a difference in hand size,  when they are cutting, someone with large hands may open the scissors to the point where the T hinge is released.These scissors also got a big thumbs up from my husband who has also been using them around the house.  These are definitely a great product.
I have always kept an emergency set of tools in my bag so that I don't always need to hunt down tools when I need them. The items in said bag include a multi-tool, a small LED flashlight, a couple of pens and a dual-tip screwdriver. None of these would be considered ideal tools but they are sufficient for getting most tasks done. These scissors are going in the bag with the other tools.This pair of scissors is a multi-tool of sorts in its own right. It is a normal pair of scissors, and it also is a wire cutter, single blade knife, and bottle opener. The sheath serves as a sharpener and a tape cutter. While this tool works in all of these roles, it really only works especially well as a pair of normal scissors and as a single-blade knife. The other roles it tries to fill it does with average results at best.I decided to use the scissors as straight scissors on one task that I find most scissors struggle with - cutting duct tape. While most will cut, the adhesive usually sticks to the blades and makes a mess, requiring cleaning and often interfering with the cutting action. This particular pair of scissors did a lot better than most; the adhesive still stuck to the blades but much less so and it did not interfere with the cutting. I was able to get very clean, straight cuts of duct tape with these scissors without having to stop to clean them every few minutes, a big improvement over typical scissors.I want to address one the of the complaints that many others have with these scissors. The blades are detachable and as such it is indeed possible to have them separate when trying to use them. That said, my particular pair of scissors will not separate unless opened to 90 degrees. Typically, I open them to about half that for cutting jobs so I usually do not see this issue.For a pair of just scissors, or as a single blade knife, this is a good tool. It is master of nothing else it tries to do, though, but it does everything else well enough to merit consideration when looking for a does-it-all tool to keep in the emergency tool bag.
The kitchen needed scissors.  The garden basket needed scissors.  So did the craft room, the bathroom, the kids....you get the picture, there is always a reason to be grabbing for a pair of scissors (from clipping coupons, opening a package to snipping an uneven piece of hair).  But the scissors are never where I need them to be when I need them!This pair of scissors is perfect for ALL of my needs.  They come apart to make a sturdy little knife with a saw blade (works great for crafts & gardening), they're strong enough to clip garden items, craft items, food items, packaging yet sharp enough to snip hair, fabric and paper because there is an included scissor sharpener.  Since there is also a handy slip on sheath (to keep you from cutting yourself), you can keep them on your tool belt or in a pocket if you're out in the garden.Sometimes it's the simple things that make life pleasant and these definitely qualify.  I'm going to get an extra pair to keep in the car for when we're traveling and always need a pair of scissors for some reason.  Would also be great for camping, hiking, etc.
I have several all-in-one tools, but scissors are usually the least functional parts of those sets. These scissors have multiple functions, some I use and some I don't. I love the ability to cut through wire, straps, rope and other thick or sturdy items. The box opening function is also very useful, especially for those of us who receive lots of boxes from Amazon. Many of the cutting functions listed under the description are those that any pair of scissors would do. The selling items for me on this item are the sheath that covers the scissors that also doubles as a sharpener, the ability to easily take apart the scissors for cleaning -- even in the dishwasher, and the various items that can be cut. Although it has a sharpener, I'd probably relegate these scissors to the more heavy-duty cutting and leave the fabric and thread cutting to a different pair of scissors. I would have liked them to have more cushioned handles, particularly when cutting through thick materials. That's the only reason for taking away a star.
They advertise these scissors as a \"multi-tool\" and although they are useful, they really can't be used for much more than kitchen scissors. They are very sharp and come apart easily for cleaning, but not during use.  They also come with a plastic sleeve, which is nice and allows you to just toss them in a drawer without worrying about getting poked when you reach in to get them out.  I've used them to cut everything from regular computer paper to chicken breast and they cut even the thick stuff with little hesitation or effort.  Overall, good kitchen scissors, but I wouldn't call them a multi-tool any more than any other type of kitchen scissors.
Well, I never really thought of scissors as anything to get to excited over. I thought they were pretty much all the same up until now. These Fiskars scissors are about the best I have used, in terms of a pair of general scissors (as opposed to hair scissors, or specialty fabric scissors).I love that they have a protective sheath to store on the blades. It locks into place too, so there is no chance of it falling off. It will only go onto the blades one way, so there is also no chance of putting it on wrong.The scissors are sturdy and feel solidly built. The blades are sharp and glide right through paper. I have used them for simple fabric tasks, like cutting the legs off a pair of jeans etc and they cut very smoothly, fluidly. I have used them to cut open those annoying clear plastic packages that some items and small electronics come in and they worked great for that as well. I have trimmed flower stems with them and they make perfect slices in the stem - it won't shred or fray them. I used them for cutting wire and for slicing off the rubber coating of electrical wires when I installed a ceiling fan - again they worked great.I have not used these yet in the knife function by transforming them, but I am sure it would work perfectly well, given how sharp the blade seems now and it is definitely very handy to have this feature right in your scissors. I have used theseas a knife/blade without transforming them and just using one blade egde to slice open packaging tape and that worked perfectly well.I have not used the bottle opener, as I have had no need to, but again I am sure it works fine.The built in sharpener is is one of the best features.This is one handy pair of scissors and I definitely recommend them. The price is great and the quality is excellent.
They've earned a place of honor in my small, very select back porch tool niche.  This is where I open packages and do all sorts of small repair work. Imagine a scissor/multi-function cutter that comes with its own sharpener! The sharpener and the tape cutter are incorporated into the separate protective sheath. And as the description says, this tool has special options for cutting wire, twine and light rope. It also has a bottle cap opener and a specially-shaped tip for use as an awl. These additional features reduce the temptation to use the scissor function inappropriately; uses which would dull the scissor blades.Clever thinking, these Fiskars designers. One blade can be used as a reasonably effective knife, reducing the need to figure out where my Leatherman multitool has gone. And the Fiskar orange on one part of the handle makes visual identification easy.UPDATE: Over time I have discovered that there is an apparent design flaw that affects the cutting of certain materials. I tried to cut fabric and the indentation in the blade caused a crooked cut. I had not noticed this when cutting more stable materials.
The Fiskars 01-005692 Cuts+More 5-in-1 Multi-Purpose Scissors provide five functions that one may or may not need.  First I should say the scissors are great and the onboard sharpening gadget is a perfect accompaniment.  Both work very nicely and the quality is excellent.  Presuming the scissoring counts as one function and the sharpener as another, the remaining three seem to be some special notches and points built into the design.According to the list of things this tool is probably capable of--cutting twine, opening boxes, cutting wire, poking holes in things and yanking bottle caps off.  Who opens bottles with an opener these days?  Anyhow, an ordinary pair of scissors ought to do some of the same things.The Fiskars 5-in-1 scissors will probably do all of the things they are purported to do, but some of the features seem rather ordinary or would seldom be required--cutting rope for instance or dragging out this large tool in order to cut a thread.  The scissors come apart easily and this is supposed to be an advantageous thing, but I don't know why I would want to take my scissors apart even if it is easy to do.Don't get me wrong.  The Fiskars 5-in-1 scissors are very good scissors and they do have a few special somewhat useful indentations and pointy things on them.  The ergonomically sculpted finger and thumb loops are nice and the sharpening device is a big plus.  However, in the end--they are just a fancy pair of scissors with some extras that most people won't use everyday.
My hands are small yet I find these well balanced and comfortable in my hands.  Sharp and well build, they will be around for a while.  They are real utility scissors and you can use them for various projects.  Love that they come apart for easy cleaning and sharpening. A great buy for the price.
I have been extremely fond ofFiskars Premier Take-Apart Shearsand I liked them so much that when I misplaced one set I ordered three more and put the others aside for safekeeping.  So I was intrigued by the Fiskars Cuts+More \"Ultimate Multi-Purpose Scissors\".  Unfortunately, it seemed that Fiskars let the marketing department take over and what we have is a product that promises to do everything, but does none of them well.Let me start with the handle.  With the \"Premier\" shears, my hands fit easily and comfortably in the holes and I have good leverage and control, and the action is easy and smooth.  With the \"Cuts+More\", the holes are narrower so my fingers don't comfortably fit in.  Even my wife, who has much smaller hands than I, finds the new pair uncomfortable.  There is also considerably less leverage with the \"Cuts+More\" and the tighter fit of the blades means that what should be an easy cut feels like work.  The blades are sharp, I'll give them that, but they lack the scalloping of the \"Premier\" shears that tends to grip items being cut.As for the other things these scissors supposedly do, it does none of them well.  The twine and wire cutters are awkward and again lack leverage.  Yes, there's a bottle opener, but it's awkward to hold the scissors for that purpose and a generic \"church key\" works so much better. The plastic sheath contains two ceramic rods said to be used for sharpening the scissors, but I found this clumsy to use in practice.  And the \"tape cutter\" on the sheath is a joke - it just gums up on the tape Amazon uses on its boxes.I do like Fiskars' take-apart design, as it makes cleaning easy.  But the \"Cuts+More\" scissors would not be my first choice to reach for when I have cutting to do, and I would not consider using the extra features at all.
I have put this tool to various tests since obtaining it and it performed satisfactorily in every test. I am not able to understand the difficulties some users are complaining about in their reviews.Scissors are sharp and cut as expected. Wire cutter can handle up to 3 mm wire, but I only tried a thinner wire and it cut the wire fine. I could cut a wire to 1mm length - none of my existing tools could do that. Bottle opener works as expected. Blade sharpener is something new to me and its design looked very interesting.The box tape opener didn't work to my satisfaction. Other than that, I found nothing to complain about this tool.
I have one very good and expensive pair of scissors that I reserve for fabric, but every other pair of household scissors I've owned seems to be made to be disposable.  Use it a while then replace it with a new, sharp pair.  I use scissors for everything from paper and fabric to household projects.  I know I'm not supposed to grab a pair and cut thin wire or plastic clam shells, but I do and I'd guess most people do something similar.  Once you cut a thin wire with your regular scissors once, they never work properly again.Fiskars Ultimate Multi Purpose Scissors are different.  I've never used a pair of scissors that held up to any project without suffering before, but this model of Fiskars pulls it off.  The first thing I cut was a piece of corrugated cardboard.  I frequently trim cardboard packing boxes, which can be tedious and box cutters are not always the best option.  The cuts were smooth with this pair of Fiskars.  I then tested them on a variety of fabric weights from sheers to blanket fleece and woolens and they cut evenly and cleanly every time.  I cut twist ties and thin jewelry wire and found no damage to the scissors from the wire, as they cut paper without flinching afterwards. Obviously a wire cutter is still the better option, but it's good to know that an occasional misuse of these scissors will not damage them.They come apart for cleaning, which is a nice detail for household scissors.  The safety shield for the scissors is feature packed.  There is a built in sharpener which is easy to use.  I love the tape cutter which allowed me to easily and safely open a tightly taped shipping box without a box cutter.  I even appreciate the two tone color of the handles, which helps me locate the pair quickly amongst my other orange handled scissors.  However, I really don't need any other scissors anymore other than this pair and my good fabric shears.I don't know that the bottle opener was really necessary, considering how few bottles these days require an opener.  But it's there if I need it.Overall, I'm very happy with this pair of scissors.  I can't believe I never had a pair like this in the past.  Every household needs a pair of well made multi-purpose scissors.  I'm sure if I had these long ago, I would not have run through so many pairs in the past.  This will be much better on the wallet as well as the environment.
I have been using these scissor in place of my normal kitchen scissors in my wood knife block.  So far I have to say that I am impressed!  I haven't used all the functions on them yet, but they are heavy duty and will cut thru some tough stuff.  I like the fact that they have a sharpener on them, even though I have to place that in drawer because it will not fit in in the block with the scissors.  I also like that I can take the scissors apart for when i want to toss it in the dishwasher get it every part of it clean.  I have to say the bottle opener is pretty handy too.  I will update my review later as I use the other options, but so far I would definitely recommend it!
I think these scissors rock!!!!  They do everything as advertised.  They are very durable and even come with their own sharpener.I like that they come apart so easily.  That allows me to use them like a knife and box cutter.The handles are shaped perfectly and do not cramp my fingers after doing a lot of cutting.They are also great in the garden.  Al in all for the price, you aren't going to find a better pair of multipurpose scissors.
I think these multi-purpose scissors are pretty great.  I find them quite handy and very useful.  Not only are they great scissors but you have a wire cutter, tape cutter, bottle opener, scissors sharpener and a protective sheath.These scissors also come apart to act as a knife.  It's very simple to take the scissors apart which may be a problem for some.  To take the scissors apart you simply open these scissors as far as they go and they separate.  This may be a bad thing for kids or if you unintentionally open the scissors too far while cutting something.  For me personally it's not an issue because my hand doesn't open that wide while cutting.  I (a female) would need two hands to take them apart but I'm sure most men wouldn't.Overall I really like these multi-purpose scissors and I would recommend them.
These cut.  I tried heavy, stiff plastic packaging, cardboard, thin magazine pages, nylon cable ties, 1/4\" neoprene sheet - it cut them all easily.  For maybe clipping an article or photo out of a magazine, these are a little odd...there's a \"power notch\" for \"cutting light rope\" that makes the blade not straight near the pivot.  I could not create some of the problems described in the negative reviews.Yes you can open these so far that they come apart, but in the normal course of cutting that wasn't a problem for me and it was awkward if I opened them that far in cutting.  Might be different with larger hands. The ability to easily separate the halves to clean sticky stuff off the blades is a big plus for me; if you cut tape often, the adhesive seems to get between the blades.This includes a sharpener, but haven't had these long enough to need it for that.  There are several additional features, like the mentioned \"power notch\", a bottle opener, twine cutter and wire cutter.  The only one I'll probably use from time to time is the wire cutter.I still like wallpaper scissors for cutting wrapping paper, and a set of small Fiskars for delicate work.Liked these enough to order a second pair, one for the garage and one for my basement tool box.  The wire cutters, the ability to take them apart for cleaning, and the titanium coating which should keep them sharper were the key features I liked for the tool box.
These are indispensable in my shop.  I use them all the time.  I cut all sorts of things.  They stay sharp and never let me down.
I received this pair of Fiskars Ultimate Multi-Purpose Scissors from the Vine Program for review. Here's my take on them.I love the idea of any multi-purpose tool, and these scissors offer a titanium coated blade said to be three times harder than steel. On the black blade, they have a wire cutter (for light wire) and on the opposite side of the blade, a twine cutter. Both worked flawlessly. This blade also has a pointed awl tip and a power notch for light rope. I did not try the power notch, however, the edge of the blade at this point is sharp so should do the job easily (I'm thinking clothesline rope). On the orange-handled steel blade is a bottle opener.The scissors have take-apart blades with a Phillips screw to adjust blade tension. The scissors come with a protective hard plastic sheath that fits snugly over the blades and protects them. But that's not all, on the bottom of the sheath is a hook that is designed to cut tape/open taped boxes, and on the top is a sharpener. Directions on the enclosed card show sharpening instructions. The scissors are dishwasher safe, however, I don't plan to put mine in my dishwasher. Suggested uses for the scissors show cutting cardboard, packaging, twine, fabric and light wire.I found they worked well on paper and fabric (a tee shirt rag), and light cardboard.Both my husband and I tried using the scissors. He loves them and said they are easy to use and comfortable in his hand. I did not find them at all comfortable--a surprise, because I use other Fiskars products, including secateurs for pruning. Firstly, the ergonomic black blade grip for fingers is curved enough so that it does not fit my hand well, and secondly, the pressure needed to perform the cutting action strains my arthritic fingers and thumb. I would use them in a pinch, but I need scissors that operate with less friction than these.Generally, I like Fiskars products, but I'm not a fan of Made in China items, which these are. I'll happily pass these Fiskars along to my husband.
This is a comfortable pair of scissors that has a variety of useful features.  I recently received another pair of scissors (Scotch Precision Bent Scissor, 8-Inches (1448B))that I really thought had a comfortable handle and worked well for arts and crafts.  On the other hand this pair of scissors seems to have a variety of features that make it worthwhile for having in my toolbox instead.Features I liked:- Power cut feature really does work well. I know that some previous reviews mentioned problems, however I didn't run into the same problems.- Separation of the two pieces to create a blade is very useful.- Wire cutting feature is great so I don't notch my scissors as I have done in the past.- The package opening/tape cutting feature of the cover is convenient.- Sharpener built-in to the cover is convenient.- Having a cover for the scissors is nice.Features that were not really important to me:- Bottle opener- AwlThe main item that would improve the scissors in my view as a tool would be to give it more of a textured/rubberized handle.  Overall I am very happy with these scissors and will happily recommend them to others.
Bridging the gap between household and garden tools these multi-purpose scissors do a fine job at pretty much every function offered. I do wonder though why some functions are there especially the bottle opener. I mean, it's a nice feature that works fine but it just seems less utilitarian than say the rope or wire cutter. I guess after a hard day cutting wire, herbs, twine, thread, flowers, straps, rope and opening bags and boxes (all taken from the Fiskars scissors advertisement!) you need to be able to open a strong bottle of nice libation to reward yourself.In all seriousness, these scissors and extremely sturdy and work exceedingly well at all the functions it promises. Even the sheath is useful as it acts as both a protector and has a built in sharpener and box cutter. The scissors can be separated without any tools or adjustment for cleaning and are even dishwasher safe.This inexpensive multi-function scissors should be in everyone's kitchen utility draw.
I have to say that I really like these scissors. They are a great addition to any household to do odd jobs that people often break normal scissors on.  Just holding the scissors you can feel the weight and sturdiness of them.  Being brand new, and from Fiskars, the cutting blade is very sharp.  Normal cuts in paper were easy to make (as should be expected). Tested them on one of those annoying plastic wrap jobs manufacturers use to showcase products and the scissors cut right through the cardboard and plastic with ease.  I also cut sone 1/4 \" nylon rope fairly easily.  The curved portion at the back of the main blades cut the rope cleanly and straight.  The box opener on the sheath worked well, as did the bottle opener.Some things I would have like to seen in the design are:1. A larger bottle opener.  Just a tad larger notch would have made it easier to grab the bottle caps.2. The notch for the wire cutters could also have been slightly larger.  It is slightly smaller than a USB cable.3. I have large hands and I with the handle with my hands better.  The handle felt slightly cramped.Even with these issues I think these are great scissors and well worth the price.
These scissors have plenty of uses, for sure, but I also have a couple litt annoyances with them that detracted somewhat from
I bought this to cover myMasterbuilt GS40 Black Propane Smoker, 40-Inch.  It is made from high quality materials and fits perfectly as opposed to theMasterbuilt 20080210 40\" Smoker Cover.  That cover is made from cheap materials and did not fit my 40\" smoker.  I am very happy with this purchase
I bought the 30 inch Masterbuilt smoker, but the cover for it is too thin to keep the rain out. This thing is built to withstand a storm!  It covers the smoke and then some.  It just rained this week and my smoker is dry.  Good cover!
hello,charbroil makes great barbeque grills, but the designing portion of the company needs everyday user input.  the bottom of the 2 burner all stainless grill unit is not covered by the cover.  the bottom is not stainless, but painted black and exposed to the elements.  in a less than year old grill, the black painted bottom has begun to show signs of rust and corrosion,  the grill has been covered everytime it gets used and is never exposed to the elements overnight.  but, since the original grill cover was too short to cover the bottom, it is rusting.  this one also has the same problem, but the customer support has a reason for the shorter cover...we do not want the customer to roll over the cover if it is made too long.  we as customers need a little respect as we can use the cover and not have the wheels roll over it...  bad design...bad reasoning...so, even with constant waxing and trying to protect the grill unit, the cover will not help on this lower portion that is always exposed to the elements.  another explanation...let the cover hang freely and it will protect...uh no... it blows around and the storms will lift the cover higher for more exposure.  ok, so why 5 stars?  it fits the top section, it does protect the main unit and it covers the unit...with added self adhering velcro, the unit stays secure, but hangs a little bit lower and the water/moisture just drips straight down.  but, now there is room for &#34;critters&#34; to get inside the gas tank shelter...  what???  back to the tight covering and corrosion...yrmv
Hard to find a grill cover for one of this size. The stores like to stock the larger more popular sizes. This one is just right
Char-Broil 2-Burner Custom Grill CoverThis cover fits my Char-Broil Infrared 2-burner grill like it was made for it.  LOL  Since it was made for it, I guess I would be somewhat disappointed if it didn't fit.  You do have to drop the side tables to get the cover on the grill.  It has a nice heavy feel to it and the velcro latches provide an easy installation.  This is the first grill cover I have ever had so it remains to be seen if it will add any life to my grill.  It was $19.98 at Amazon and $30.00 elsewhere so it was a good deal for the money at Amazon.  Considering a plastic tarp is over $12.00 and is not fitted, this seemed pretty smart for the price.
I have used several brands/types of emitters and I like these the best. They do not leak when connected and provide a consistent flow of water despite the changes in elevation in my yard. They are easy to connect, durable, and I have not had one break yet.+ Price+ Reliability+ Durability_Bottom Line_ Yes, I would recommend these emitters to a friend. I have had many other brands leak from the tubing when connecting and it creates a mess of pooling water. These Rain Bird emitters are leak free even when I connect the 1/4\" tubing and pull it to the side to run toward the plants. Simple. Reliable. 5 Stars.
I really like these emitters.  They all seem to drip at the same rate along the various lines, so they appear to be giving the same amount of water.  Highly recommend.
These are fine, but limitedYou get 1.0 GPH (assuming your feed pressure is good)I like the adjustable generic emitters much better since I will be able to just adjust the flow volume as the plants grow.  Plus those are much cheaper.
They work like a charm. The price is very reasonable for the quantity of emitters that you get. Would recommend!
The 30 pack contains \"barbed\" emitters that can be inserted without pre-punching a hole.If you have strong fingers, and if it is a warm day, you should be able to inserted these into 1/2 inch to 1 inch poly without a tool.If your hands are more used to type than digging ditches, you will want this tool:Rain Bird ET-1PK Landscape Dripline System Spot Watering Emitter ToolDon't buy 10 at a time for $8 when you can get 30 for around $10.
Last year we purchased an electric weed whacker with an extension cord. Unlimited power, but also unlimited whining from my husband when he constantly got the cord tangled around trees. Over Christmas, our extra long extension cord was damaged (hmmm, could it have been deliberate?). We decided, with 1/3 acre to try this. As others have mentioned, the battery life isn't as long as I'd like it to be, but with two, it gets the job done.It was a bit awkward assembling, mostly getting the bottom to clip in tightly.We actually purchased the fast charge battery charger to go with this (charges the battery in an hour) and the batteries are interchangeable with other Black and Decker lawn products, so this is worth it to us. It is nice having a standard battery for all of our tools.
this grasshog work a long on a battery charge. I can get buy with 2 batteries on my yard and it is about an acre
My couple year old model finally gave out and I got this as a replacement.Pros:1) It is lighter/better balanced than my old one2) Has 2 batteries - Easily got 15 minutes out of one battery3) Handle stays on (old one used to fall off all the time)4) locking mechanism for twisting the head is betterCons:1) Seems to eat up a lot more of the spools2) First one I had to return as the string would not automatically advance
- Black and Decker brand name- Seems more powerful than the first version I had years ago, I can't remember if it was less voltage battery but seems like it. You can trim what you would probably not even expect from a battery powered trimmer in my opinion.- They added a charging indicator on the charger which is a nice touch.- Changing the line spools is pretty much how its always been, not too bad. The replacements are fairly cheap and once you have done it a few times only takes a couple minutes.- It does &#34;auto feed&#34; the line as needed much better than my first one of these.- The battery lasts, but as it ages youll get less and less out of it. I find that buying one of these new every few years beats buying replacement parts and batteries etc. These are a good reasonably priced solution for those like me who don't want the gas version and don't want the electric versions where you drag  cord around the yard.-Amazon also sells parts and replacement spools so you can get what you need when you need it.- Pleased with this latest model and hopefully get a few more years out of it!
Have had it for 2 seasons. The only complaint, which most yell about is the battery longevity. Taking the fact it takes 8 hours or so to recharge and they last about 15 minutes takes away one star to a 4.But I do like the fact the battery works on many other B&D; products, which is a plus.
I have owned B&D cordless outdoor equipment for 10+ years.  They are of such high quality I rarely need to replace them.  But the batteries are so expensive, sometimes it pays to just buy new.  Enter this trimmer...my first use lasted about 3 minutes and I did notice it spun much faster and louder than my previous 18V.  I went to hang it back up on the wall but first decided to check the line length remaining out of curiosity.  It had maybe 5 inches left!  Huh?  It was a new spool when I installed it.  All I did was trim grass, I thought to myself.  Next week I installed a new line and made absolute sure that I was trimming grass and not dirt.  Same result.  I called B&D and was told this was an issue with the older models but not this one.  She sent me a replacement for free.  I tried the second one and had the exact same experience.  Back it went as well.  I am just going to replace batteries in my old model because using a spool a use compared to one every year is just ridiculous to me.
I hate yard work, especially if I have to spend any time on what I'm using to get the job done.  This couldn't possibly be any easier.  I put it together without looking at the instructions.  Everything snaps together and there is only one screw.  The telescoping pole and the three-position handle are simple to adjust and should allow for a comfortable use for most people.But I especially like the lightness of the product which requires less effort to use without gas or extension cords.  I now have a couple of Black & Decker products, and it's wonderful that you can use the same batteries for multiple things.The string feeds out on its own, so no having to bump the product, and the two batteries are more than adequate for getting my yard done.
Overall, I am very pleased with this Black & Decker weed whacker. It's not the most powerful thing on the market, but for the average home user living in the suburbs, this is a great choice.Assembly: Incredibly simple, just follow the directions and you can't go wrong. You basically just snap the thing together and slide in a battery once you've charged one up. If I remember correctly, there's one screw involved.Ease of Use: Very good. The unit is pretty light, and it well balanced. I'm just shy of six feet tall and don't need to be hunched over or anything to use it effectively. The automatic line feed system is a great feature, since it lets you just keep working. There is no shoulder strap, but unlike a gas trimmer, you're not going to be using it for that long; so maybe one is not necessary, but it would have been a nice addition.Safety: There's a basic safety feature, similar to the child-proof cigarette lighters. You need to push in a button with your thumb, then pull the trigger to make the motor run. Once the motor is running, then you can let go the safety button and it will continue to run. It's very easy to use; some equipment goes a little overboard with the safety feature to the detriment of the user experience, but not here.Battery Life: Eh... yeah, it's not twenty minutes like they say it is. Probably closer to twelve. Of course, I tend to run it at maximum power (since I wait too long between trimmings), so I'm sure that's eating away at the estimate. Thankfully, it comes with a second battery, so for a reasonably sized lot, you should be able to do it all in one shot. We have a 1/3 acre lot, and two batteries is plenty for doing around the backyard fence and edging the driveway.Accessories: At some point you're going to need more trimmer line,available in a handy three-pack. If your batteries no longer hold a charge, you can finda replacement pretty easily, although they are *not* cheap.So bottom line, this is a great choice for the suburban homeowner who needs a medium-duty trimmer and doesn't feel like dealing with either gasoline or extension cords.This product is made in China, which is common for most Black & Decker products.
The trimmer comes with 2 batteries and a super tiny, lightweight charger.The batteries hold a long charge; at fully charged, they're good enough for 20-35 minutes of trimming, good enough to do the borders of a 30m^2 garden.The trimmer is lightweight too, very easy to handle, and comfortable.The only 2 cons are:1- It's meant for people upto 6' (larger people may have to bend forward a bit, or click up the handle a bit)2- To extend the string, one has to remove the red cover on the bottom of the trimmer. On my Ryobi there was a button to extend the string, but with this one, you'd practically have to demount the head, and halfway take out the coil. It's not really thought through.
It took me 5 minu
Its not as strong as I'd like it to be. Don't expect it to chop thick weeds. The worst part is the battery life. It takes hours of charging to get minutes of use
I had the predecessor to this model for years, finally wore it out and had to get another one immediately.  These are so effortless to use that I'm actually willing to use it every week, compared to corded or gas powered ones which turn what should be an easy job into a chore.  Set one way, it's a weed whacker.  Set the other way, it's an edger.  Either way, the battery means no fuel or engine maintenance or power cord to hassle with.The cutting string feeder is magic - there is *always* the right length of string spinning around and you don't have to do *anything* to make that happen.  It's just there.Big plus with this model: it comes with two 18V batteries.  I also have the 18V \"cordless broom\" and 18V hedge trimmer and the replacement 18V batteries aren't cheap; this was almost like getting a new trimmer for the price of a couple of fresh batteries.There are some design changes with this vs. the older model.  The new dead-man switch will take some getting used to if you're used to the old one, and switching from trimmer to edger and back is a little more cumbersome than before IMHO, but that's probably just a matter of getting used to the new design as well.If you want a clean edge along your driveway/sidewalk and/or easy trimming around the perimeter of your house or fence *and* you don't want it to be a hassle, you just gotta have one of these.  And I'd strongly suggest you look at the B&D; 18V trio bundle (trimmer/edger + cordless broom + hedge trimmer) before you buy just the trimmer.  I'm not a big fan of yard work but I want my place to look decent and these things make that way easy.
I can no longer handle the standard trimmer with all the cord. By the time I got it all unwound to get to the back of the yard I was too tired to use it and then all that winding the cord around the arm leads to almost fainting. This is a Godsend. It is light enough for me to swing it back and forth and it does a great job. No tapping to keep the sting advancing. The battery lasts about 20 min and that is all I last and in fact am allowed to work in yard. Getting the 2 batteries is great.My only problem was putting it together The black shield was hard to get in place by myself but I finally did. I got a pack of the pre rolled string which is quite handy when they empty I will keep them wound with less expensive by the big pack thread. I am still on the original. I have used it quite a bit and even to cut down foot high grass so the yard can dry to be mowed.Great product. I have now ordered the hedge trimmer that is 18v, no more cutting the electric cord.
If only Obama would work so well. He is a total mess. This weed eater on the other hand, does exactly what it is suppose to do. No lies or betrayals!
Wish I would have bought this before the Toro that was abused for two years banging out more line fell apart. This one auto-feeds the line. Big difference between the standard weed trimmer and this one. How much different can a weed eater be? Seems a lot easier and hassle-free really to me.Pros:- Auto-feed line- Edger is awesome- I find it has good battery life for a small yard- 2 batteries- Battery light indicator on chargerCons:- The weed trimming position to hold this in isn't that comfortable. It's not a deal breaker at all for me, but I have a small yard.
I have one Black and Decker Cordless trimmer/it is very weak does not trim any thing I expected. Now I see the Worx GT on TV. I would not buy it. Too good to be true.
This is great for the yard and had plenty of power to do our large yard without needing a charge. The automatic feeding worked well, and with the cost of gas continually rising it was nice to have a trimmer without using gas. We had A LOT of weeds and it never missed a beat on cutting them down. Overall, would recommend for household use but not professional.
This light-duty trimmer works well but struggles with heavier weeds.  The standardized interchangeable 18V batteries last just long enough, and the adjustable handle and length make it easy to configure for me or the GF to use with equal ease.  Assembly is easy, and the unit feels solid.I would have liked the lithium-ion model (charges faster, lighter, battery is less toxic than Ni-Cad) but at half-again the price, that wasn't worth the extra cost.I also asked Black&Decker; how the NST2118 differed from the previousNST2018which is also sold on amazon (and well reviewed).  B&D; replied: \"The new NST2118 trimmer has the same key features as the NST2018 other than the guard and the aux handle. The unit is still supplied with (2) 18 volt batteries and one charger. No difference in job performance and run time.\"  So as far as I can tell, no reason to buy the older Ni-Cad model since they both sell for a similar price.I was an early adopter of rechargeable lawn equipment, and this NST2118 replaces my ancient CST2000 (circa mid-late 90s) with 12V Lead-Acid battery.  That old trimmer was much much heavier, with lower RPM, and non-adjustable handle/length.  I hope this new one lasts me just as long.  The new trimmer's much lighter weight, redesigned trigger, and adjustable length and handle are much easier on my arms, although the unit does still transmit vibration up the shaft.I need to use both battery packs to do my normal string-trimming on 1/3 of an acre: around beds, curbs, pavement, edge of house, weeds on driveway.  This works fine for me but those of you with larger properties should look at a different model.Other than power, my only quibbles were imprecise machining on the plastic of the shield (it was hard to wedge into place), and the edging guard not locking into place (it extends to maintain height for edging, but the weight of the trimmer pressing it into the ground causes it to recede back into the unit).So for light duty, this is a great little trimmer that could be more powerful, but the price and features are right.  Those looking for heavier use might do better with one of Black & Decker's 24V or 36V models, or the Lithium-Ion powered models (all more expensive).  Commercial-duty users should stick to gas.For my purposes, this trimmer works very well, and is Recommended.
We own a Black & Decker cordless edger that you plug in and charge.  My husband would get 1/4 of the job done and it would go dead.  He would have to wait until the next day to do another section and so on.  Now our problem is solved.  This machine seems much more powerful too.  It is great.  It comes with two batteries and we own two other Black & Decker items (the stick chain saw and the mulcher) which have the same battery, so now we have 4 batteries.  We can do the whole block now.  Another great thing is you just recharge the battery, so you can do it in your house.  The other one we have, you had to have the whole edger plugged into a wall in the garage.  We can't say enough good things about our new GrassHog,.
I don't need to weed eater a lot in my yard but have a large yard. I did not need a real powerful weed eater just enough to trim grass, weeds ect and parts of a ditch. Did not want to spend a lot of money and didn't want to deal with a gas motor. This B&D system hit the spot and does it with ease. It's light weight and the batteries last quite awhile. I have several of the other B&D electric yard tools and so I have several batteries. I'm able to weed eat any area's I need to and don't strain cranking a gas motor or worry about carrying a heavy tool around the yard to hit all my areas. I like it a lot!
Easy to use - lightweight and adjustable so people of different heights can use at same ease..  Easy to change the spool and it does not require bumping, it automatically feeds the spool as needed. Rotates 180degrees  to enable edging with just as much ease and control as regular trimming.  Comes with 2 batteries, which allows you have a charged one at any time.  I would highly recommend.
I find it easy not to drag a cord out.But as mentioned about the line not really coming out far enough to get certain things.Plus the batteries last about 10 minutes w/full charge.After one season,one battery doesnt even seem to take a full charge,it hasnt much power right off the charger.I have had to wait a second day for the good one to charge,to finish my lawn.
But do recommend purchasing from Amazon* as best price so far .  - Now to figure out how to make an Elastic [pix] strap for even better comfort .. 73 yrs old and do tend to make things as easy as possible now - Lighter than the one used [neighbors'] 4 past 2 years as do both yards. Lighter and a little more compact and the two battery system will help to finish 2 yards in one day.  Only did one today - 2nd one tomorrow only because it is cool and windy.ADVICE: for easy assembly - see review by Ali Julia - with these tips and the pix and a whole lot of 'King's English' able to get together within half hour - then Used this am for a bit longer - maybe 10 minutes more power than the older B&D; model took before battery winds down. Always trim before mowing - easier on the mowing patterns then.
The Black & Decker 12-Inch 18-Volt Cordless Electric GrassHog String Trimmer/Edger is exactly as promised.  It's a trimmer and edger in one compact, quiet machine (so much nicer than our old gas powered edger!).At 6.4 pounds it's light enough for me to use or, even better, light enough for my husband to use without tiring.  And its quick-start mechanism saves both time and effort.  The adjustable pole also makes it possible for both my tall spouse and his short wife to use it with ease.  And the freedom that comes without relying on a cord makes the B&D; GrassHog extremely portable and able to reach wherever the weeds lurk.It comes with two batteries, so one can charge while the other is in use.Five Stars.  The bottom line:  whether trimming or edging, the lightweight B&D; cordless electric GrassHog has the power to get the job done.
I spend much of my time working out of my suburban home-office.  Most of my neighbors hire lawn service companies to take care of their mowing and trimming needs and every weekday I hear the whine of lawn mowers, leaf blowers, chainsaws, and weed-whackers.  I take care of my own lawn and have chosen to do it as quietly as possible.  I have aFiskars push mower, a WORX electric \"JawSaw\" and this item.I've been using the B&D; GrassHog for about a year now and I am very happy with it.  I am fairly tall (6'3\") and I found that I can adjust the handle so the I don't have to stoop while trimming.  The self adjusting nylon string whips through most of the weeds that I need to cut, but some of the plants that we have here are a little too tough and need to be cut by hand.The battery life is a little frustrating sometimes.  Even with the included spare battery I don't have enough power to do both the front and backyard at the same time (which gives me a good excuse for taking a long break while the batteries recharge.)  The edging option is nice but I wish that there was a little wheel or guide to steady it while edging.  Other than these issues I like my trimmer and use it often.
Packaging and Assembly:The package arrived in a pretty beat up condition as it was shipped without a protective box, and it is made of very thin cardboard. Fortunately, the unit inside was unscathed. Assembly effort was minimal, consisting of attaching the front handle and the guard.Some thoughts:1. It has great torque. You can feel it thrum with a lot of power, and it's more than sufficient for prairie grass and other thicker weeds.2. Since it works on electricity, you really need a decent length extension cable to make it work. I have a 100' cable and that lets me get to where I need to go without continually moving the power plug.3. It has a very simple design to prevent the plug coming off of the socket on the GH710. I initially was too lazy to use the approach, but after a few times of having it yanked out, did so. I didn't have a single mishap after that.4. The handle adjust is really easy to use - you simply unscrew a lock, pull to extend the handle, and then screw the lock back in.For its price, this trimmer works exactly as advertised.Happy Trimming!
UPDATE 9/22/13:  I've been using this since May 2013, and soon it'll be time to put it away for another one of New England's cruel winters.  But before I do, I want to say that the auto feed continues to work well, and I'm still on the original spools that came with the GH710 even after frequent use throughout the summer.  All in all, I wouldn't change a thing in my review of June 3, 2013 that appears below.The $30 trimmer I wanted wasn't readily available, so I accepted the store's offer to sell me the $50 GH710 for $30 instead.  It wasn't until I got home that I saw the negative reviews, but I decided to give the trimmer a try anyway.This trims and edges my front, back, and side yards.  The 710 is powerful, well balanced, and the telescoping handle is a plus.  Also, its light weight makes it easy for a petite person like myself to use for extended periods of time.  This converts easily to an edger and does an impressive job.The auto feed works well, and there have been no issues with tangled line.  I always use the flower guide near fences, pavers, etc., which gives me a precision trim and prevents line breakage.  I bought the GH710 at a good price point, it has all the features I want, and I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
My boyfriend normally does the yard work, but when this came he said I should try it out. It was light enough for me, my boyfriend has a gas powered one that is much heavier. This one I was able to hold easily. We plugged it in and he showed me the basics and I was good to go. It was much easier than I imagined. Although, I didn't like walking around with the cord following me and I was always afraid I would hit it, but I never did, I just had to make sure it was behind me the entire time.It did a great job trimming the grass where our lawn mower can't go. But, now my boyfriend expects me to help more with the yard work :P
My other grasshog trimmer died after 8 years, and I picked this one up. Like others the auto-feeder had issues. It was binding on itself, would spit out too much line and get twisted up. It was horrible. I went to my local Home Depot and talked to them and they said \"most of these come back.\"  I will probably try another B&D but I would stay away from this one until they work the issues out.
This trimmer does a great job cutting weeds and maintaining a tidy edge on hard to access areas.It has a pivoting handle for better comfort as well as being light weight. ItIt has two lines and an automatic spool feed, a very forceful motor and you wind the electrical cord around it's cord holder.It cuts down tough weeds and vines easily. You can hange the position to use it for edgingIt comes with a 30 day risk free trial and a 2 year warranty.I've found it to be much easier to use and quicker than prior models. Also, I've found that it makes getting the job done much more comfortable due to it's light weight.
The Black & Decker GrassHog Dual-Line Trimmer is quite versatile, but seems to have some issues.The 14\" GrassHog trimmer has a lot of adjustability. I'm over 6\" tall and was able to get it adjusted to work for me and my mother who is about a foot shorter was able to get it adjusted for her. So That I am pleased with.It has plenty of power to rip right though most everything. For once an electric trimmer that has some guts to it.The edge guide that is suppose to help you edge or prevent you from mowing down your flowers, I found that it actually gets in the way more often then anything else.It's a bit on the noisy side of things, especially for an electric trimmer. Our gas power Tanaka is almost as quite... so it leaves a bit to be desired.But the major issue is the automatic string feed. About 50% of the time it doesn't feed out any string and you have to take it apart and pull the string out manually. This is a HUGE pain in the butt. Now on the plus side it is very easy to take apart...For less than $60, it's an ok trimmer. For me, I'm going to be sticking with my gas powered trimmer for now.
This is my second GrassHog. I bought a similar model 3 years ago.The good: This works great, and plows through grass, weeds, and very small brush. It's easy to switch between a horizontal and vertical modes. Also, my neighbor has a similar trimmer, but battery powered, and my electric (cord) model is much more powerful.The bad: My prior model, which has basically the same construction, broke. The engine ran, but the cord did not spin. It's impossible to take apart (the plastic is welded shut, or otherwise impossible to open). While I can't say how long this model will last, it seems pretty similar to my prior, and I am planning for it to fail in a few years.If you are considering gas powered models. It's hard to tell online, but they are substantially larger and heavier.
This Black and Decker dual line trimmer works well enough. However, it has an auto feed line dispenser. I prefer the old style bump feed.
When after about 18 months both batteries for my Black and Decker NST2018 string trimmer ran down and died, I decided that the convenience of a cordless trimmer wasn't worth the expense, as a couple of new batteries would cost almost as much as a brand new NST2018 trimmer.  I decided to go back to a corded electric trimmer, and the Black and Decker GH710 Grasshog looked like a good one.  The cool cutaway shot of the gear drive seemed to indicate that the trimmer would have a lot of torque.  Some of the other key features of interest were the 14\" cutting diameter, dual cutting strings, a powerful 6 amp motor, and the adjustable length handle.  It seemed like a good deal at fifty bucks with free shipping, so I pulled the trigger.The Grasshog is smaller than I expected, which is good, because it requires less space to store.  The 14\" diameter provides a nice area of coverage.  With the powerful 6 amp motor driving the two trimming lines, the Grasshog is quite an impressive performer.  The motor does deliver a lot of torque, and if you are not careful, you can easily whack of all the grass, and just have dirt left.  The Grasshog can easily handle most lawns of moderate height and thickness.When your trimmer lines are at the proper length, you can definitely do some heavy duty damage with this baby.  Maintaining proper string length, is a key factor for every string trimmer.  Fortunately Black and Decker's auto feed system for the dual string lines is pretty reliable, being effective perhaps 75 to 80 percent of the time.  That's pretty good, but perhaps with use the system may not work as well.  Tapping the reel on the ground for more cord, isn't necessary.Another plus is the light weight, and you can also easily adjust the length of the handle to minimize the strain on your back.  The carrying handle in the front pivots as well.  The cutting head can quickly be rotated for edging.  The grass shield is not shaped symmetrically, and it's not very deep.  It's apparently designed to spread the cut grass in some designated pattern, but I don't notice anything special about the way the cut grass is directed.  The power switch operates with just a simple squeeze, and the cord management system keeps the cord out of the way.The motor may be a little louder than other trimmers,  and it is sometimes too powerful for trimming that requires a little finesse.  Dealing with an extension cord can be a little inconvenient at times, but other than that, there aren't too many negatives about using the Grasshog.  This is my first experience with a dual string trimmer, and the results are much better than a single string.  Learning how to correctly wind the trimming cord on the dual spool may take a little practice though.  It's early, but so far I'm very impressed with the power and performance of the Grasshog.  It really lives up to its name!  Cleaning and maintenance is pretty easy.  Unless something radical occurs to change my mind, this was an excellent buy.
Out of a 2 pack of two, the first package of two traps caught hundreds of moths - it is quite cruel - the little moths struggle for a while to get free before they die.  But the two traps in the second package caught a total of two - one trap caught not a single moth.  I think the pheromones must have been expired, or faulty - perhaps they should include extras.  Also the directions don't make it clear if the little pheromone patch has to be stuck onto the trap with one side or the other up or if it doesn't matter.  So I don't know whether to recommend these or not - I think not until they get the quality control perfected. I got one package for the price of two since the second one didn't work.
lets be honest.....moths happen. you may bring them from the shop, or you leave the window open atnight and the light on. Bading there they are...you open a new bag of flower and its alive...cornflakes bag withsmall holes in? There you go.Simple use this traps and get rid of the problem. And for the future, plastic and glass containers are stronger then the buggers :-)Not a lot else I can tell you...they work and are reasonably priced.Hope it helps
I bought these before, and all of the other brands I tried seem to work all the same (well), so I went for the trap that I believed stayed together the best. That's the only difference I could tell. I started early this year and I think that's the best stratgey. I did not actually see many moths around, especially in the pantry, but after I installed one, I now see 7 or 8 moths trapped aleady, so maybe starting early heads them off at the pass? I'll see.
We had pantry moths.  Really. No denying it. So I threw out all our contaminated or potentially contaminated food.  I know that you would generally expect to have some adults lurking around.  We had a big enough infestation that I'm sure they were around somewhere.  I put a few of these traps out all over the pantry.  I caught ZERO moths. I thought maybe i put them in the wrong place so I opened the second package and pretty much had them littered everywhere.  I I finally caught one..  By the time I gave up I caught one moth and one spider spider that had probably wandered onto the trap.  Maybe mine were old, I'm not sure.  I expected to catch more than one based on the amount of larvae I came across!  I changed our storage method and have been moth-free since.  But its probably more to do with the storage than removing the adults!
Where I lived Moths were a constant battle. These catchmasters help me to win the battle by always catching newly arrived moths.Highly recommend keeping the trap out at all times in these type of areas.
I ordered these in desperation.  I went on vacation and my daughter was watching my house.  She said that each time she went to check things there were a few more moths flying around.  Finally she went and the whole house was full of 100's of moths.  She used bug bombs which didn't help and then used 2 boxes of moth balls!  Ew!  What a smell!  Still there were a few moths left when I got home.  I searched around on the internet and came across these traps.  Simple, safe, and effective.  I put one in the kitchen and one in my sunroom.  In a week the traps were full.  I set out new traps and caught a few more and that was the end of the moths.  I can't recommend these highly enough - and- they don't stink!
For reviewers who have moths but none in the traps, my first thought is to check what kind of moth is in the house.  Flour moths zero in on these traps quickly and when the traps start to fill up it's a bit startling to see how many are in the house. That said, I don't rely on the traps alone.  All our cereal products, flour, sugar, raisins, etc. are stored either in Ziploc bags or in sealed Rubbermaid containers (available on Amazon) designed for the purpose.  Even products that seem as if they're sealed well in the original packaging--oatmeal for instance--are vulnerable to these creatures.
This is such a simple product, but thankfully they work. We had tiny little moths that seemed to come into our home from packaged grains that we purchased from the grocery store. Once we had them, they just seemed to multiply. I didn't want to use toxic sprays or cleaners in the pantry so I was happy to find these easy to use pantry pest traps. All you have to do is fold the traps into a triangle with the sticky stuff inside and open the little dot with the pheromone (a scent that attracts the moths) and drop it into the trap so it sticks on the side. Then just set the trap in an area where the moths are. You won't be able to smell the lure, but the moths will.It takes a week or so to trap all the moths, and each trap lasts for up to 3 months. I was surprised at how many moths it trapped. We also used one in the garage near the bags of bird seed and thistle. Moths seem to be attracted to that too and we caught a lot of them in there. Two thumbs up for a safe and effective product.
These did not work for me at all, I have moths from both my lovebird seed and alsofrom the wood stove pellets I use as cat litter.  I have moths fluttering all over the place!I put up two of these and they did not attract anything other than one got a spider whocame out of hiding due to spring has arrived.I did catch a couple moths, but it was obvious they accidentally fluttered against it ratherthan swarmed it due to the pheromone.  I wish these would have worked for me!
This mouse trap is very easy to set.  Make sure you press down on the black \"box\" on the back as you're setting it down.  That keeps it from snapping shut.  There is a little \"bowl\" where you can put a dab of peanut butter.  It's a great design because the \"bowl\" is surrounded by a \"platform\" where the mouse has to step to get to it.  Unlike other mousetraps, it's impossible for the mouse to get away with the food without causing the trap to snap-shut.  You can open the trap without touching the mouse.  Overall, I'm very happy with this product.
I purchased these along with victors electronic trap. I haven't gotten around to using these traps but the quality is really nice
This trap does the job efficiently and as painlessly as possible.  After about 6 captures, each has been instantly killed by cervical dislocation.
We use these traps in our house, after sealing up all the exterior openings in our house, we still get 1-2 mice a year in our house, but these traps work every time.Their design and make allow them to be used outdoors in all weather climates as well.I have had a lot of success with these traps.
Easy to bait and set.Easy to dispose of the mouse.Easy to reset.While I usually don a pair of gloves post-catch, one can easily perform all of the above without them.
Wow this works and it works well, maybe too well.  I had purchased Victor's last model.  I could not find it anywhere I was very disappointed. then I went back to check this one out and noticed it was very similar to the old one I used. The only difference was this one does not come with a \"shelter\" or covering.  You actually can see the little critter in the end.  I bought 6 and it arrived yesterday...I place three traps around the kitchen where they find their way in.  I used parmesan cheese since it is smelly and not very messy like peanut butter. I believe the cheese offers an odor they cannot resist, neither can I...You must be very careful when setting this up, it can snap and hurt you.  I snapped myself on the last one and it hurt for days.  I found that after I baited it and placed it down is when I pulled the bar up and engaged it.  It is a good idea to buy the multi pack since eventually the plastic will snap and break under the force of the spring..When I got up this morning I went to look.  The first one had mice droppings beside it and I wondered why it had not snapped especially since some of the cheese was nibbled off. Very curious.  But the next one under the sink had popped and turned over with the force of it. Clean kill and it was very simple to disengage the little fella and toss out.  I next looked at the third trap behind an appliance I put there, wow, this was messy, this I did not like the poor thing got hit and managed to crawl away and then it died a few inches away.  It was sad and I do not like it but when you find mice droppings you know they are there and when you see one there are many more.Mice are dirty little critters and carry sickness that I do not want in my home. LI live in the woods so I get many of them when the weather starts to get cold, they just wans  place to live but not in my house.. I have tried other traps and other ways but nothing has worked as well as this.  I have never caught more that one ever.. So two for me is a plus..If there are any more I am confident they will tempted by this trap.. Also with the high cost of traps out there this is a steal..
I received the grate, but the lifting handle was not inside nor in a separate package that was delivered. The box containing the grate had a hole on one side. It was if it was torn so that the hole could be used as a handle. I don't know if Craycort tore a hole to put in the lifting handle and then didn't close it, or what. At any rate, the lifting handle I payed for was not inside.My grate isn't broken, but I am surprised it survived the mail with the thin packaging. The cardboard isn't that thick or stiff, and no padding material was used. What is that about?I read a LOT of reviews about the grate before deciding to buy. Almost all the reviewers speak highly for the product but almost as many have commented about the poor packaging. I have bought quite a bit of stuff through Amazon over the years and practically all of the items have been better packaged that this grate. For an item that is on the expensive side, this is odd.What is most surprising is that every review I read where the grate was damaged, Craycort seemed to be quick to replace the broken item. I would consider that good customer service. Normally a business with good customer service make corrections to problem issues when they become apparent. Craycort has to be aware they have a problem with packaging but for some reason haven't made a change.I'll be posting this same message on Amazon. When your company completes my order by including the lifting handle, I'll update the review.UPDATEA day or so after I made the original review I received an email from Craycort which said the lifting handle was out of stock when they filled my order. A few days later I received the lifting handle. What I don't understand is why they didn't give me some message that this part of my order would come later.As to the grate itself, I am still \"seasoning\". Leaves great sear marks and really retains the heat. I'm glad I got the grate but still getting used to it. I think over time I will appreciate it more and more.
I've been grilling for many years, and I like to think I've been reasonably proficient for most of that time. I've had consistently good results with most things I like to grill, but this grate gives me substantially better results across the board than the wire grate that comes standard with Webber kettle grills. Having used mine several times now, I find myself mourning all the years I did without one of these! Not only does this grate make your bbq grill look way cooler, kinda like nice wheels on a car, but it can really help take your outdoor grilling to a new level!The way the cast iron distributes and retains heat is the key. With the wire grate, I'd get nice sear lines on one side of chops, steaks, etc. only, and tiny differences in the amount of heat coming from the coals underneath meant uneven searing depending on where each chop was situated on the grill. Last night I did lamb chops, and I got beautiful, crisp sear lines on both sides. In addition, the chops cooked uniformly on both sides, not slightly more done on one side than tha other due to dwindling heat from the coals.I've also done ribs and home made sausages, and there was a substantial improvement in my results with those too. One note of caution though: Although the grate is lightly pre-seasoned, I would advise that you take the time to season it a second time before using for the first time. I knew that was a good idea when I got mine, but being the adventurist that I am, I decided to try it out with nothing but a good initial cleaning (water only). As my initial theory predicted lol, the sausages stuck immediately upon hitting the cast iron, requiring a quick loosening with a spatula. No repeats of the problem after that first time though, and a couple racks of ribs and a whole loin's worth of lamb chops later, the grid is doing a perfectly fine job of seasoning itself.There are a few things that some might see as cons, most notably the heft of the thing. But it's that weight and density that gives it those great heat distribution and retention characteristics, so although it takes a little more effort to lift and move around, think of the weight as a plus! The other notable inconveniences are the fact that because of the way you have to get intimate with it to lift and move it (if doing it with your hands), you're gonna get greasy hands, and when the time does come to give it a good cleaning and re-seasoning, it's gonna be a little messier and a little more cumbersome to work with. Fortunately, you won't need to do that often if you season the grate properly.Properly maintaining the cast iron is simple but oh so important. If you don't already have a Grill Daddy Pro grill brushGrill Daddy GD12952c Grill Daddy Pro Grill Brush, do  yourself a favor and get one NOW! Take my word for it, it works exactly as described! I was blown away with how clean it got grates with baked on bbq sauce on them the first time I used it, and at how quickly and easily it got the job done. I'd rather have a dysfunctional family of aardvarks nest in my jockey shorts than go back to those stupid grate brushes I've struggled with all these years!One more simple little gadget will help you avoid those greasy hands I was talking about, and it solves the problem of being able to lift grates or the entire grid out of the way when hot if it ever becomes necessary. Check out the Napoleon 62121 Ultra Chef Universal Grid Lifter. Sorry, you'll have to copy/paste that one into the search box, the insert link function isn't working here for some reason. It's simple but effective, and not expensive at all.Anyway, I think you'll be nicely pleased should you decide to purchase this great grate, especially if cooking is an expression of creativity for you as it is for me. It's all about the food, it's all in the details, and this grate can help you to bring the things you've visualized every time you've lit those coals to a dinner or picnic plate near you!I hope some of you find this review helpful... Happy BBQing, and peace to all reading :-)
This thing is top notch.  The aluminum grates that come with Weber One Touch's are garbage.  If you want restaurant style grill marks, get this thing.  Cast Iron is heavy duty, lasts a lifetime if you take care of it, and it makes your grill look better.
I've had mine since December 2010 and for grilling it is outstanding!  Obvious pro's are the wonderful grill marks it produces on steaks and burgers (see my pic of a tritip I made recently).  The grill grates are easy to clean and maintain.  They are easy to reseason and are completely non stick.  I just made some scallops over the weekend and they didn't stick at all to the bars.  Burgers, steaks, chicken fish - you name it; all cook and look great using this cast iron surface.The only con is that this unit is heavy and a pain to take off and put back on. I remove mine when I add coals from the chimney starter since I don't want a bunch of ash dust all over the grates.  You can remove the four sections independently, add the charcoal and put them all back on, but I find it easier to take one of the sections out and remove the entire unit.  That way the cross section bars stay ash free as well.  Also, I tend to use my Weber rotisserie a lot; about once a week and removing, storing and putting the grill grate back in place can be a pia as compared to the standard, light, one piece Weber grill grate.  I still love the way this grill grate cooks and wouldn't switch back to the stock item, but just know that you need a decent set of biceps, good thick gloves and a place to store this thing when moving it around.It's a minor inconvenience to getting superior grill marks on your steaks.  Enjoy!
I thought this was pricy but decided to give it a try. Wow, heavy and well worth the money. I love the grill marks it leavs and the removable sections. Very thick cast iron and will last a life time. I use it on my Webber grill system, I use pam to retreat and meat never sticks.
I bought the Weber grill with gas ignition and am thrilled with it.  The grates were a &#34;sticking point&#34; however and I quickly picked up this cast iron grate.  What a difference it makes!I love the heat transfer and the beautiful and classic grilling lines.  The clean-up is also easier, but I've found that if I spray the grate with Pam before each use it becomes easier to reposition the food without sticking and it's also easier to clean up.
This is a great product.  It leaves perfect sear marks and allows you to add coals or smoke wood easily.  Just be sure to get the cast iron lifting handle along with it.
Wooden furniture is, often, the most attractive outdoor furniture one can find.  Unfortunately, its lifespan is much shorter than other materials.  Unfortunately, the most common replacements are uncomfortable or unattractive plastic or metal furniture.  However, Highwood's synethetic wood fixes that problem!  It looks like wood, almost even feels like it!  However, it has the lifespan of a common plastic chair.  It's sturdy, heavy, and beautiful.  Also, it comes in different colours so you can find one to match.Definitely recommended.
The Highwood Folding And Reclining King Size Adirondack Chair, which looks like wood but is actually made of recycled plastic, is perfect for my front porch. It looks great, feels solid, is very comfortable, reclines in various positions to suit my seating needs, folds flat to allow it to be stored in or moved to another location (although it is not a chair you'll be likely to want to move around frequently as it is somewhat heavy and big). And, very important to me, is that it is virtually maintenance free.In addition to its high quality and attractive appearance, assembly of this chair was not very difficult or particularly time-consuming -- and I am not a person anyone in their right mind would define as \"handy.\" The chair came with relatively easy-to-follow written directions (with photos) and the hardware and screwdriver bit needed for assembly; although you will need to provide your own socket wrench with a 7/16\" bit in order to put this chair together. Also, due to its size and weight, it is highly recommended that you have another person available to assist in its assembly. I know I would have been unable to assemble this chair without my wife's assistance.What might be a drawback to some is this chair's price tag -- $349 on Amazon. Thankfully, I received this chair for free from Amazon through its Amazon Vine program, so price did not factor into my review. My opinion, however, of the price is that \"you usually get what you pay for\" and I am seriously considering buying a \"friend\" for the Highwood chair I received so that mine won't be lonely.
I am not sure why there are assembly complaints. I gave the box to my 12 year old and asked him to put it together.Most of the chair is preassembled, it arrives in 6 parts.1) The fully assembled back, attaches to the base with 2 bolts2) The adjustable back support, attaches simultaneously to the back and the arms with 2 bolts (it wasn't as clear as it should have been which direction to install this piece)3) The fully assembled base, attaches to the arms with 2 bolts (In addition to the 2 bolts attaching to back in step 1)4 & 5) Two partially assembled arms (2 bolts already installed connecting horizontal and vertical members)6) The cross piece under the base between the arms, this piece attaches with 4 screws into predrilled holes.Total of 6 bolts and 4 screws which takes about 15min to complete.Tools you should have1) Hammer or mallet to tap in bushings for bolts which protects the main members from wear when adjusting the back and to tap in 2 carriage bolts and lock in.2) 7/16\" Wrench, adjustable, ratchet, box, etc.3) Philips screwdriver for 4 screwsThe instructions identified all parts by letter and clearly showed where each would be used, There were not a lot of written instructions, just clear photos/drawings on a single double sided glossy paper.I found these easy to follow and a great improvement over other furniture I have assembled that included long poorly translated instructions with no images on photocopy paper.The chair itself is low, but very comfortable. I expect it to last many years as it seems very durable.My only complaint is that one of the predrilled screw holes was slightly off. This caused the screws to bind on the cross beam and I had to alternate the two screws on that side to walk the piece down to it final position. (this was the one part of the construction I had to help my son with)
This is the second Highwood Adirondack chair we've owned.  The first one, which we've had for a couple of years is theHighwood Reclining Adirondack Adult Chair, a chair everyone in the house has used and loved.  I actually did a video review of the chair so you can see what its like.  We also have theHighwood Folding Adirondack Side Tableand theHighwood Folding Ottoman.  Obviously the king-sized one is just what is says it is, king-sized.  It is wider and taller than the regular adult chair.  One other difference is that it only has two reclining positions as opposed to the three on Highwood's regular model.We made the assembly into a family affair, two supervising and two doing the actual assembly.  When we received the last chair, the edge of a slat was sheared off, most likely an impact fracture from a careless shipper.  I didn't consider it to be a quality issue, but rather a shipping one.  At that time I called the company and found that they were very responsive to my problem.  They shipped me not one, but two slats plus hardware via overnight shipping.  They were very friendly and I was some impressed with the customer service.  No problem this time with any impact fractures, but I do believe Highwood needs to rethink how they pack their chairs.This chair.  No broken parts, but the back support beam was not cut correctly and was too long.  We used a band saw to trim it down, just enough so it would fit.  The entire assembly process took about 1/2 hour due to the unexpected glitch.  There are seat cushions for these chairs, but from personal experience, the comfort level is quite high and it's not necessary to purchase them.  The other one weathers well and the only thing I do in the spring is use my power washer to hose it down.  It can be hand washed, but getting it clean in between the slats can be a tedious venture.  We don't leave the side table and ottoman out during the winter, but rather store them.PROS:++ The chair is weather resistant and the one I own has held up well under two winter seasons.++ It's very durable under normal use and should not experience any breaks in the material.++ The contoured back is very comfortable with its ergonomic fit.++ The chair is essentially maintenance free, save periodic cleaning (I power wash mine in the spring).++ Folds up for easy storage. It does not fold flat, but unlike the wood ones can be tucked into a garage or storage shed.  I opted to simply leave my other one outside.++ It has a very classic, attractive look that will enhance your backyard, cottage, or pool surroundings.++ Excellent customer service (this opinion is from previous experience).CONS:- The assembly may prove somewhat difficult for those who have not had experience assembling furniture or items such as children's toys. I'd recommend having a helper to work with you on this project to make sure the chair is assembled properly and to decrease frustration.-  The back support was not cut correctly and had to be re-cut.-  The chair was not well-packed and was open on arrival.  My first chair had an impact fracture from careless shipping.The family verdict was mixed.  We had everything from a three to a five.  I love the chair because we now have \"his\" and \"hers\" and we don't have to share the other one.  We do know these chairs hold up well from experience, but the dissatisfaction came from the incorrectly cut piece.  Four of us finally decided that the Highwood King most certainly is a four star product.
I love this chair and the quality of it.  From first glance, you really cannot tell that it is NOT made of wood.  I'd love to be able to afford a half dozen of them or so and put them around my pool.  They are gorgeous.  I have the white version.  Bye bye peeling paint!The chair needs assembling and took me about 1 hour to assemble with a good ratchet tool and Phillips head screwdriver for a couple of wood screws.  While this can be built with one person, two people would definitely make the job quicker and easier.  The directions are one page and the pictures are close-up, but it's difficult to see what you are actually seeing (even though the pieces are are labeled by letter).  A strong set of hands is to your benefit when building.  This is a GREAT quality item and although Winter is approaching, I am going to keep it inside for the meantime near my gas stove for reading.  Come Spring, I will expose it to the elements and I am sure that it will be wonderful.  At $400 or so a chair, sounds pricey ... but you do get what you pay for.  A great chair that looks just like wood (without the chipping paint and potential splinters).I used to spend my Summers at a resort in the Adirondacks and the grounds were filled with dark green Adirondack chairs that needed painting all the time.  It's a chair that speaks to comfort, is functional and brings a bit of Upstate New York to the fore.  Nostalgic and beautiful.If I could afford more of them, I would buy some up.  Something to thing about.  GREAT CHAIR!  The 4 stars is only because of the enclosed directions -- I think they can do a better job with pictures and explanations.
Let's start with the con: putting the chair together. Now, I'm one that can follow directions, however, my patience is about as thin as crepe batter and within 20 minutes, I gave up in frustration and had to wait for my husband to come home and put it together. I'm not saying I couldn't have done it, I'm saying I realized early on that with all the little pieces and crazy diagrams, I was smart enough to have someone else do it!Since I did receive this as part of the Vine program - I'm reviewing it earlier than I'd like (I'd love to wait a year until it's been through all the elements)- but I have to say, it is comfortable and looks great. It's been through a few storms but it's weathered them well. The arm rest are nice and thick (wide). The question I always ask: Would I buy or recommend this to someone else?Yes. But only if you have patience or know someone who does, to put it together!
This would have earned five stars, but because the assembly process went so badly, it almost got three. The material is well-suited to the outdoors, resistant to sun, moisture, and changes in temperature, though the hardware keeping it together may not be; the shape of the chair makes it more comfortable than any other hard chair, cradling your back and legs in a relaxed recline. It is comfortable, aesthetic, and durable, which makes it perfect...but putting it together is another matter.Anyone who has put things from Ikea together might feel confident approaching objects requiring assembly, but unlike most of said products, the instructions that come with this chair are useless. The assembled picture (found on this page and on the single-leaf \"instructions\"), are more helpful than the few steps showing a picture so zoomed in, you have no idea what you are looking at. Some parts are completely wrong about the hardware needed, resulting in frustrated disassembling followed by reassembly with other parts. I've put entire dressers with sliding shelves together with no problems; this was a nightmare.Fix the instructions and maybe include a wrench so people don't have to raid their garages. The things costs over $300. It wouldn't kill the makers to include that much.
It doesn't look like wood, but has interesting and beautiful figuring that flows from piece to piece.  If my father decided to build one from wood, he'd make sure to cut the lumber so the figuring and grain lined up from one slat to another.  That's how the figuring is designed.  It really doesn't look like wood, but it looks really good.Assembly was easy.  I know, because my husband did it while I was at work, and just the sight of him with any tool besides a paintbrush strikes terror in my heart!  He said everything went smoothly, and I have to believe him because A) he succeeded and 2) he wasn't all stove up from kneeling on the garage floor.I'm really glad it isn't wood anyway.  Though it's a bit heavy, considering its generous size, if it was wood, I wouldn't be able to move it.  And it certainly wouldn't be foldable!I love an oversize chair and this delivers.  I can loaf, lounge, curl up, or sit Indian-style.  We both find it comfortable.  The armrests are really nice and wide; plenty of room for a beverage on the arm.  All positions are comfortable.  However, I've found if I lean forward while sitting with the chair in its most upright position, it will start to fold.  It hasn't collapsed or anything, but you should know it does this.  If it didn't, five stars for sure.Really sturdy, handsome, can be stored easily, and doesn't ask for your attention.  You'll never have to paint or sand it.  Just clean up the occasional bird blessing.
While I try not to consider price when I am given the opportunity to test and review an item, I was quite intrigued to find out what made an outdoor chair worth the asking price of $349.00.  I jumped at the opportunity to try the Highwood Furniture Adirondack Chair to find out.Assembling the chair was not terribly difficult.  Having two adults definitely made the assembly a bit easier.  With two adults, assembly took us 45 minutes.  A second adult came in handy as in the beginning, assembly required lining up holes on two large pieces (the base and the back) without having anything to rest the pieces on to assist in lining up the holes.  Having the second person allowed one person to hold the chairback in the air while the other person lines up the holes and put the screws in.  A socket set was a huge help when assembling the chair.Once assembled, the chair was quite attractive.  The plastic the chair is made if does take a bit of getting used to.  I keep expecting to get a sliver when I rub against a rough edgeThe king size chair is incredibly roomy.  We have three children (9, 7, and 5) and any two of the kids can sit in the chair side by side comfortably.  At around 5 foot 10 inches and 245 pounds, when I sit in the chair, I have about 9 inches of extra room at my sides.The chair back has 3 adjustment positions.  While the most \"upright\" setting is useable, this setting lacks a bit in comfort.  This position gives me the feeling like I'm being folded in half.  Also, the slightest nudge forward causes the chair to collapse slightly (though the design of the chair prevents the chair from collapsing completely in that direction).  I found the farthest back setting to be the most natural feeling.The chair does fold for transport and storage.  However, the chair really does not fold flat.  When it is in its flattened position, the chair really is not in a convenient shape for storage or transporting.  Folding the chair flat is easy enough.  It is just a matter of folding up the piece that locks the chair into position and lowering the chair back.  However, restoring the chair back to a useable configuration is a bit tricky at first.  The front legs stick straight out when the chair is collapsed and getting the front legs back into their original position is the tough part.  I eventually found that I was able to uncollapse the chair by standing the folded chair upright on its front legs and pushing the bottom of the seat portion of the chair out with my foot to make the front legs swing out a bit.Overall, this chair seems like a fine quality product.  While I do not think this chair is feasible as a portable chair, it does seem to be a nice stationary chair.  This product seems that it would be better suited for a cruise ship than a backyard deck though.  If you are looking for a decent quality, no maintenance chair, this might be one to consider.  The feel of the chair does take a bit of getting used to.Do I feel the chair is worth $350?  Personally, I would not, but my outdoor furniture does not get a lot of use.  However, this chair seems to be a high quality piece (time will tell in this aspect).  If your outdoor furniture sees a high amount of usage and quality is important to you or if there is a larger person who might need the extra space, this chair might be worth a look.
I  was very excited to be receiving a new Adirondack (plastic) chair, but was disappointed with it after assembling it.  I would never pay $349.00 for this chair.  Maybe for a set of 4 of them but not individually because it's simply not worth the price.  It was difficult to assemble, and damaged upon arrival.  The damage was not caused during shipping but done at the factory.  The front slat that has the little logo sign on it was split from someone at the factory over-screwing the hole and splitting the plastic.  On one of the legs are several pre-drilled screw holes that were obviously a mistake made at the factory.  
We recently had a back yard makeover and decided to purchase 2 of the Highwood Hamilton Adirondack chairs for our new paver patio..  The chairs are pretty simple to put together; directions are clear.  Each chair should take maybe 30 minutes to put together from unboxing to sitting.  We actually purchased 2 more chairs to create a really nice seating group.  We'll comment later on the durability but I anticipate it will be excellent.
We live in Southern New England near the coast so we get all kinds of weather:  we had a hurricaine in September and a snowstorm on Halloween.  It is hot and humid in the summer and really cold, wet and/or snowing the rest of the year.  When storms come off the ocean, we get enough salt to damage trees and any wood furniture outside.  We love the look of the Adirondack chairs but have never been brave enough to buy wooden ones.  This Highwood chair is our first Adirondack, and so far it is holding up well.First off, let's talk about putting it together:  it was a trial, but my husband and I managed it together.  It is really heavy, so putting it together as a team was the way to go.  Also, the directions aren't the best, so it is a good idea to read through them, make sure you have the parts you need in the right order and have a screwdriver handy.  We put it together in our mudroom -- plenty of space and light.  The screws could be better thought out -- looks like they could rust and cause a problem down the line, but not so far.The chair is a good size for an adult and my husband thought it was comfortable to sit in, and the wide arms provide space for a cold drink.  It is a little low the the ground (but that's the Adirondack style) so if you have trouble getting up from a sitting position it might not be for you.  It looks great out on the patio, but to tell you the truth, at the price I don't think we could afford to buy any more.
The Envirocycle Composter is simple to use.  It has a latched door on the front.  This is my one complaint.  The latch is a hook-shaped piece of metal flush with the surface and can get a little tight.  But this is not that big a deal.  The base has a set of 6 wheels that make rotating the drum a snap.  There are 2 vents on each side as well as a bottom drain that goes into the hollow base.  This allows you to capture the compost tea separately.Each day I through my compostable material in and give it a spin.  Granted, when it starts getting more than 1/2 full, it is a little harder to turn, but not too bad.  It is important that base be on as flat ground as possible to facilitate the turning.Then, when it is time to empty out, I can just roll the composter over to the garden and empty.  No need for a wheel barrow.This is a great composter!!!
The number one reason I bough this composter over other models is that I wanted the ease of rotating the drum and not having to turn the compost with a shovel.  When it's closed up you don't smell anything unless you put a lot of something inside- we tossed out a quart bag of peeled garlic cloves and for the next month anytime you open it up that's all you smell.  But I've never smelled anything rotting so that's a plus.  Haven't used any compost yet, still in the stocking up phase since it's cool in CA right now.
This is an exceptional composter. Just don't overfill it or it is impossible to spin. The black color really builds up the heat on the inside and makes composting very easy.
We liked this so much we ordered a second this summer. They aren't big, but they are great compact composters. With two, one can cook while you fill the other. We love them for our garden and table scraps.
This composter is one of the only \"tumble\" types I could find that doesn't have metal supports that rust.  This means it's silly-easy to assemble and there is no risk of missing parts or ill fitting pieces/bolts.  It can be a little challenging to get the drum to spin when it's full (especially when full of heavier dropped fruit!) but even as a small woman I can do it.  The opening is big enough to get a shovel into as needed, and it latches tightly so the racoons cannot pry it open.  The fermentation liquid drips into the bottom so your compost stays the right dampness, which is also an improvement over many models.I liked it so much I bought a second one.
Last year a good friend of mine ask me to do some research on composters.  After looking at many different models and reading their Amazon reviews I selected this one for her.  She liked it so much that I bought one for myself.  Since then I have recommend it to several other friends and they have all loved it as well and for good reasons.I love the fact that the Envirocycle is shipped assembled.  The plastic is heavy duty and looks like it is built to last.  Unlike some composters this one rotates on it's base making it much easier to turn.  The lid fits nicely and we have not had any problem with varmints or insects getting into it.  The \"compost tea\" feature was a new concept for me but I have really appreciated this design.  Many of the books that I have read on organic gardening recommend using this liquid as a fertilizer.The only possible negative that I can see it that it is not completely odor-free.  However, I only notice it when I turn the unit.  Other than that I love this product.  When it gets cold in the morning (which doesn't happen very often in this part of the county) I can see steam coming off of it.  It's nice to know that my composter is always working, making good stuff for my garden.  When it is ready to be emptied I roll it over to the garden and dump it out.  I am sure that more of my friends will be getting their own Envirocycle and I am confident that they will be just as happy with it as I am.  Great product!
I've been using this for over a year now and seem to have a lot less grass growing under the feeder.  There is much less waste and I notice that even the finches tend to prefer this blend to the plain  thistle seed.  Maybe next year I'll just use this blend and skip the extra feeders.  Be aware though it tends to get eaten more quickly than some of the other seed mixes I've owned so I tend to have to buy more of it.
except for the price, this product is perfect.If it were 20% less costly i would give it 5 stars.The contents itself are very good, low dust and quickly consumed by the birds.Trivial amount of debris left underneath it.
I like not having tons of hulls, but there is a lot of smaller seeds that my wide range of birds don't like, so I still have to clean out feeder platform. However, good price for clean food.
As long as you are consistent with feeding, you will see all the birds you are going to see within 2 weeks time.  this was not mess free but a lot less messy than regular bird seed.  I hated that my squirrels, despite having their own feeder, would steal this and any other food I place in my bird feeder.  I was very fond of the yellow birds this seed attracts.  I switched to the cheaper seeds but now my yellow birds are gone and the squirrels are still eating everything in sight.  I recommend feeding the bluejays, if you have them, in your backyard with some peanuts and other items on their diet.  they are a true gem to watch compared to the regular cardinals and songbirds.
It's kind of expensive, but there's less mess (LESS not none). The birds love it. We have a nice couple of cardinals down the block that come by and seem to enjoy themselves. So cute. Doves too... lots of doves... Squirrels too! Recommended.
The title is partially true:You get to hear the birds singing not only in the morning but all day! Plus it seems clean not leaving a huge mess though not as good as Kaytee w-bird feed/seed styles.
This is easy to use - the blade is adjustable to different angles.  BUT - when you add on the extension pole, this thing is kinda heavy for this 57-year old lady.  I had trouble holding it up high for very long to work on a hedge over my head.  Maybe that says more about my upper body strength than it does about the product. But - if you're an older person with not many muscles, be advised that you might find this to be more than you bargained for when you have the extension bar attached.
This is a big step up from myBlack & Decker TR116 3-Amp Hedge Trimmer, 16-Inch. I needed a pole trimmer because I have a handful of tall bushes that require me to break out a 16' ladder to trim them, and those are wide enough around that I have to move the ladder at least three times to get all around the shrub. I thought a pole handled trimmer would at least get me down to one or two moves, plus possibly a smaller ladder. As I've gotten older (and weaker), I had safety in mind as a main factor.The trimmer itself is a very nice trimmer. It cuts cleanly and quickly. I started out by getting the feel for the tool with my feet on the ground, trimming the shorter shrubs around my tall ones using the trimmer without the pole. I encountered no problems. Then, as planned, I attached the pole and broke out the 10' ladder. I quickly realized I had to be very careful handling the trimmer with the pole, especially with the pole extended, and doubly especially when on the ladder with extended pole. The weight at the far end is difficult to handle, and even with the rubber grip in the middle of the pole, (which, by the way, is located perfectly for maximum leverage), when the vibration of the blade starts, control becomes difficult. As I continued to get the hang of it, I expanded my range, but I had to be careful to always have two feet securely on the ground or ladder and two hands on the pole to not lose my grip and fall. Still, I consider being able to use the shorter ladder and the hard shoulder and arm workout an improvement over moving everything around, climbing up and down multiple times, and hauling the 16' ladder back and forth through my flowerbed. At least, it was saving me some time, if not energy. Then, I made another discovery.With the trimmer on the pole and the ladder put away, I trimmed the few remaining shrubs. Hey! The trimmer with the pole, shortened to its minimum length, makes easy work of the ground height shrubs, right down to the surface of the flowerbed! I didn't have to bend or strain my back, or twist my neck to see the contours of the bush, and I could brace my arms against my body and reach the whole shrub from one location. Having the extra length meant I could just stand back and wield the trimmer and let it do its job. The energy I expended carrying and using it and the pole on the high bushes was saved many times over on the short bushes. I would estimate that the use of the pole on the trimmer saved me about thirty minutes over a two hour job. The reduction of wear and tear on my body was incalculable. When I was finished, my bushes looked great and were ready for Christmas lights, which my body still had enough energy to dig out and slap onto the bushes. It made me happy.I won't go so far as to say I'm looking forward to having to cut the bushes in the spring, but I am sort of curious to see how much time and energy this pole trimmer saves me when I have to do the more substantial spring trimming (more and different kinds of bushes). This is not a perfect solution for everybody, as the pole really takes a certain amount of strength and some getting used to, but for the average user with typical trimming needs, I think this thing, even at its extremes of length and heaviness, still makes most jobs easier to do than with available alternatives. I love this pole trimmer and my back said to give it a five star rating, so, I did!
This is a cutting son of a gun IF you can hoist it and keep it where you wanted when fully extended. It is a bit heavy to use when fully extended and trying to reach for something. I don't know that a counter weight on the back end would help, but maybe.Very happy with its cutting. Has pretty wide teeth so will buzz through brush the size of a finger. Not too noisy either. Overall, I am happy with it, but anyone with limited upper body strength might think twice.
Received the trimmer last night used it this morning and it works great. I do not have to get the ladder out to reach the top of my hedges any more. Seems to have plenty of power and is easy to use. I love the tilting head! Its a bit heavier than my old B&D trimmer so it took a little while to get used to that. But all in all I would highly recommend it!
This itme has been a tremendous help for me when cutting my large red tips.  The biggest draw back is the weight distribution.  As all of the other reviews have stated, it will take you some time to get use to all of the weight being place on your arms and shoulders.
I'm truly impressed - I didn't expect much for the price and the size of this thing, having been more accustomed to its much larger kin.  We just wanted something to turn over some flower beds and work up some parts of the yard we wanted to reseed, and I bought this not expecting much.  Pleasant surprise.You're not going to turn over a huge garden with this, but for the price it's quite a good value.  It was much more powerful than we'd expected, particularly for an electric motor.  I strongly recommend it for the average residential user who needs to keep up a few beds and not give up half the garage to a full sized monster.  Watch out for the cord!  It's powerful enough that it will chop right through it if you're not careful, and the cord is the only downside.  It's more convenient than a battery that runs down, but you do have to learn to work around it.
Summary: For those who want to get to the bottom line: I picked the Earthwise since it offered the most features for the least money. It's not perfect (as could be said for all the others) but it's a real workhorse that equals or surpasses the performance of others costing twice as much (or more). Fast tine speed to bust through tough stuff. Biggest problem is that it will buck easily.Full review: I needed to replace my trusty 25 year old 2 cycle gas tiller/cultivator (engine still purrs, but the transmission bit the dust) and decided to go for an electric model since a number of people in my gardening club raved about theirs. But which one to get? Over the span of a few weeks I was able to try out several, and thought I'd post my impressions to help others that are in the same situation.First up was the Sun Joe:Sun Joe TJ600E Tiller Joe Garden 14-Inch 6.5 amp Electric Tiller/Cultivator. It was purchased by one of my garden club friends about a year ago at Costco, and he had nothing but good things to say about it. But, after using it for a half hour, I had nothing but bad things to say. While it had decent power and has a wheel-less design (more about the wheels later), I found the two handle configuration of the machine very awkward to use -- it really put a strain on my shoulders and lower back. I also found it hard to control when it bucks (as all tillers do) again due to the handle position. So it was no to Joe. Plus, I had a bad experience with this brand with their snow thrower. It broke, and I was never able to get a reply from the company to repair it. The handle problem killed the Sun Joe from my list, but poor support also factored in.Next was the Troy-Bilt:Troy-Bilt TB154E 9-Inch 6.5-Amp Electric Garden Cultivator/TillerI really liked this for the build quality and the beefy design of the tines. Plus I like the brand, since I grew up using a rear-tine Troy-Bilt tiller that was indestructible (back in the days when they were an independent company and not owned by MTD).What I didn't like about the Troy-Bilt was the wheel design and 
For me to buy something so small like this is very unusual. However I had a bank of dirt that needed to be removed and after weeks of shoveling my back gave out. I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a big gas tiller just to use this one time ,so what the heck I'll try it. Well it was one of the best decisions I ever made. This little monster chewed up a bank 5 ft high and about 6 feet deep in a few hours!!! And that included sod and some tree roots.The bank being sloped made it easy to control, just start down low and run to the top dragging back all the loose fine soil it produced. Cleaned it all up and it looks as good as new. I did have to use my generator for power because there was no electric available for quite some distance.
My wife and I moved into a new home a few months ago. The front area of the house had all sorts of bushes, shrubs, flowers, etc all over and it looked terrible. We started pulling the plants out one by one but the roots were just so thick it was hard. That's when we decided to go the tiller route. I have a gas weed eater and know I could get a add on tool to turn it into a tiller, so I looked thinking maybe the attachment was $40 or $50, WRONG! Turned out to be $150 for what I needed, so I started looking at tillers and found a number of tillers for under $150, I finally came across this one and decided to order it and I'm glad I did.This is the cheapest of the cheap tillers I found but it works as good as I would have hoped for. There is no reverse setting or variable speed. It's either off or on. The tiller is really easy to put together, it took me around 10 minutes to unbox and assemble it.Using the tiller is easy. Plug it in, push the safety and pull the handle and you are good to go.So how did it work? Excellent. This thing ripped through the roots in the flower bed. Thick, deep roots were chopped up and shredded. Weeds were chopped up and recycled back into the dirt and the soil went from hard and difficult to very light and healthy. It made planting the new flowers and trees we got a piece of cake.I'm very happy with this and would recommend it to anyone that needs a tiller. Only word of warning, watch the extension cord!
Absolutely floored by this!!  Works better than my old gas tiller.  Powers through roots, clay and compacted soil!  Small but really effective!
I have a relatively small garden (Approximately 12' X 30').  For many years I have hand &#34;tilled&#34; my soil using only a shovel.  Because my garden is somewhat small I couldn't justify buying a large tiller so I just figured I would always have to hand till the soil....UNTIL I FOUND THE EARTHWISE!  :)It used to take me 3 to 4 hours to hand dig my garden each year... that time was cut by more than a 3rd this year as it only took me 45 minutes to till the soil using the Earthwise.  I have never been so impressed with an inexpensive power tool.  This little machine made mince meat out of everything.  I was able to till much deeper than I expected (Easily tilling 12&#34; deep)... without much fatigue either.  It is loud for an electric tool... but not nearly as loud as a gas powered tiller.  Rocks I didn't know were in the soil were exposed so I could get rid of them.  Small stones were no problem for this tiller.  Never (and I mean NEVER) did this tiller bog down or act like it wanted to give up.  It didn't heat up and didn't slow down.If you are scared to buy this tiller because you think it will be too small or too light... I urge you to give it a chance. I wouldn't hesitate to use this for a garden double the size of mine or even larger.  It is well built and backed by one of the best warranties I have ever seen.  Buy it!
I was considering the Black & Decker 36v tiller because I have the blower and weed eater but it was too expensive and I wasn't that impressed with the blower so after reading the reviews of lower cost tillers here on Amazon and elsewhere I chose this low cost and highly reviewed tiller and have just used for the first time today and couldn't be happier. It tore up my hard dirt and was super easy to handle.It took longer to unwind my 100ft cord than it took to bust up an 8x2 foot patch next to my shed that the shovel just bounced off of, the tiller bounced around a little too but was easy to handle during the bouncing and was pretty easy to drag around between stops because it's very light. Why rent when you can own such a great machine for so little?
Dad said, &#34;why'd you buy that thing!&#34;  when he first saw it.  Now he's used it 3 times in his garden and says, &#34;I can't believe how much I got done with that today - I never could have done it by hand!&#34;
After reading the reviews on this wonderful little cart it would seem that I am not the only one who, due to surgery and age, has a lot of weight restrictions assigned by various physicians.  I am no longer able to carry five 50 pound feed bags at one time...(Well, I actually never could do that but that is what I tell my youngest grandsons when they were young and still a bit gullible.  For the past 40 years I have had trouble with just one).Anyway...When I first found this cart at a local Wal-Mart I was not a true believer.  I bought the thing anyway and I must tell you that it was money well spent.  It is difficult to believe that such a simply and at first glance, rather flimsy looking contraption can and does work so well.  I was shocked. It is extremely durable!  I use this thing for everything from hauling in grocers from the car to gardening and yard chores and building projects.  And let me tell you about rocks - good grief - along with the lifting restrictions I find that I can no longer throw larger stones out of my yard and garden into the neighbor's woods like I use to be able to.  But with this contraption I can now simply haul the things with little to no effort.I feel confident that this cart will be good up to at least 50 pounds of weight although I never fill it that full.  It is completely waterproof and leak proof.  It is extremely well made and I have not had any parts fall off as I work which is really an amazing thing these days.Now as others have pointed out, when you pull or push this thing without any weight in it, it tends to tip a little when going over rough ground.  For me this is really not a factor as I do not move all that fast any more but I have heard a couple of my grandsons whine about it from time to time.  (I wish I could still move that fast!).If you check Wal-Mart or some of your big outdoor supply stores you will find that you can purchase this cart for less than they are offering it here.  I paid about $12.00 less here locally and did not have to fret about the shipping.  This of course all depends upon your individual situation I suppose.Nice cart and I plan to get another this summer. My wife wants one just to put gardening tools in to drag around the gardens and yard.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
If you don't expect much, you'll be happy. It's made of plastic and rolls around like it's supposed to do. The handle can be long or short which is a plus.
I did not want a wagon with inflatable wheels, for this always go flat. This is the perfect size, holds a lot and easy to move around. Not great for rugged terrain but still I can drag it around. Comes assembled and reasonable price. It had tons of uses. A must have for every household.
Really like this lawn cart. It is larger and lighter weight than I expected. Also it is very versatile; it can be used for toting around lots of other things besides lawn and garden items.
I bought this cart when we moved in to our house.  Our yard has a lot of trees and in turn lots of stray branches.  This cart came in handy when picking up the yard.  It was very easy to use and drag around the yard.  It is lightweight and makes the job easier.  I would purchase this item again.
Excellent delivery and I expect to use this cart in the house to assist me with my household items. I used it this morning before I extended the handle to bring items from my car into the house. I need something with large wheels to go over the threshold from the garage into the house and vice versa...THIS CART DOES IT ALL.I love the fact it is light weight, and durable, not metal to rust and tear up the walls should they come in contact with it. I can fold my laundry into the cart and take it to the linen closet or to a bedroom to put things away without trying to carry them in my arms.Suncast should promote this cart in the handicapped assistance department as it is exactly what I need to continue to stay living alone without any outside help.  Thank You Suncast and Amazon!
The big advantage of this cart is it's light weight. Useful for carting bags of top soil or mulch. I also have lined it with doubled up heavy garbage bags and shoveled old rotted mulch into it. Cart it, tilt it over on its front and slide the bag full of rotted mulch out for later use. I have a wheel barrow, but for bagging, this cart cannot be beat. Not that a bag is needed, sometimes I just shovel it in loose. I often hesitate to buy things like this, thinking it will be just a cheap gimmick that I will never use. I am happy to say that in my opinion, this cart has many uses and is well worth the money.
I recently had surgery and am not allowed to do my regular lifting.  I found this cart in a local store.  It is lightweight and will hold a large sack of potting soil.  Yes, I had to lift the potting soil into the cart, but I didn't have to tote it to the back yard!  The cart is a little unstable when you are walking on uneven surfaces, since it only has 2 wheels and the cart bin is narrower at the bottom than at the top.  But, I just take it slow and I haven't toppled it over yet.I also have used it to relocate rocks to different places in my yard, a never ending task here in Texas.  I found the cart to be handy for carrying  bags of trash to the street.  I am finding a lot of ways to get work/lifting done while still following my doctor's weight restrictions.  Despite the minor problem with stability, I feel that for the money, this was a very good purchase.
as described
I just started little Hydro garden and works great for small to medium sized plants at least, looking forward to summer to set up outdoor pond with Hydro set up.
These are working great in my hydroponic system. They are going into a 3\" net pot with a rapid rooter plug.No problem with my tomatoes or peppers uses these. The downside is the price of these things. So far I've had to buy 4 bags, might end up needed one or two more. Good thing their reusable!
