The smell is strong but I don't care really. I didn't really notice any effect. It's too strong for my skin.
I'd been out for awhile and finally decided to order some.  So glad I did as we got hit with a stomach bug right afterwards!  This stuff disinfects great!!  The only downside is this brand doesn't come with the little stopper that gives you drops at a time--it's just a big, open hole so it can be very messy.
Use as a topical antiseptic for all types of cuts, rashes, etc.  Really works and smells good on as well.
Does nothing but dry out your skin. I tried this for 3 months for skin tags and the occasional acne. Poo. The only thing I like about it is the smell, which incidentally most people don't. I would not see this product standing up to claims of eliminating skin tags, I just can't see how that's possible considering my personal experience for over 3 months. As for acne, sure, you dry your skin enough, acne goes away, but at what cost. There are better ways to fight this problem.
My hubby has been using this oil for a few months and it's been great at warding off a persistent foot fungus they he was suffering from.  He applies it nightly to his feet and toenails and there has been no signs of fungus since the first week he started using it. One note of caution: A LITTLE GOES A LONG WAY. You don't want to use too much of this stuff because the smell is very potent and you'll just end up wasting it. I recommend using just a couple drops and adding more if necessary. It's always easier adding a little more as opposed to using too much and choking yourself up with this pungent oil.
This stuff is the best. It is the best stuff for toenail fungus. Put this stuff on everyday until your nail grows back normal. Badda Bing Badda Boom.
I always have tea tree in my medicine cabinet and this is good quality.  I use tea tree for everything from minor scrapes to deeper wounds to canker sores to yeast infections and everything in between. It really is a little miracle in a bottle.
As you can see from reading these reviews, tea tree oil apparently has many uses!  I suffer from sometimes painful and inconvenient zits inside my nose.  I get them once in a while, and it is just a very difficult area to treat.  I put some of this on a q tip and place inside my nose, and do this a couple times a day for 2 days, and the zits are gone.  The smell to me is horrendous, but it's worth it as I've tried so many other products that don't work!  I find myself sneezing a lot after using it, but it probably wasn't meant for use inside the nose.
This is a fine product, I have purchased it now several times and could recommend it.  It is pure Australian Oil Pharmaceutical Grade, and is very effective.  I recommend it.
I've been using this oily to shrink a few moles on my face. They are getting smaller, but it is taking a while. I put it on twice a day. I also use it as a spot treatment for my dry scalp. Its a great, all-purpose oil.
I definitely recommend this particular tea tree oil for its price and quality.  There are so many uses for tea tree oil that's what makes it a must have for everyone.  If you are not familiar with its benefits, just Google it!!  This reasonable price for a pharmaceutical grade oil can't be beat.
I mix a few drops of this tea tree oil with Echinacea & Goldseal and hydrogen peroxide in my water pic and my gums have improved greatly.  Just went to the dentist last week and I was happy with the results.
The lighters arrived, open, with postage due and appeared to have been used.  I think Bic makes a great product, but unfortunately, my package of 4 was not up to the quality I expected.
I believe that this product completely serves its purpose. It can take a few tries to light it the first few times and then a few tries to try it when they are about to go kaput. You cannot refill them, that is why I bought the pack so I dont have to worry about it too much when one doesn't work anymore and I have to get rid of it. I don't use them everyday.They do their job and I am very happy with the purchase and the colors are cute too.
These...... work great...BiC Multi-Purpose Lighter - 4 Lighter Value PackBiC USA....better than the fold up kind....I like the looks of those better but these are better functionally
I live in an older house that has a gas range that does not light itself. For a while we tried to use the little lighters, but it was an uncomfortable process that occasionally resulted in sore fingers and minor burns. BIC Multi-purpose lighters are the perfect solution!You have to push a button down on the back of the handle (I use my thumb), and then you click the main button (I use my index finger for this).  It's kind of tough to do if you're not using your dominant hand, or if your grip isn't very good.  Otherwise, it's not too bad.  I really doubt that little kids would be coordinated enough to use this, so it's probably a safety feature.These lighters do last quite a while.  With several uses every day, I'd say each lighter usually lasts about 6 months, or maybe a little longer.  When the lighter fluid starts to run out, you have to hold the lighter upright and click it multiple times to get it to work, but it works really well for a long time before it does that.Something else that we really like is, there's a little (retractable) hook that you can extend from the bottom of the lighter so that you can hang the lighter when you store it.  This is convenient.Anyhow, these lighters are an important part of my life.  I've used them to light my stove, our oven, campfires, barbecues, birthday candles, and non-birthday candles, and in every instance I've enjoyed having my hand farther away from whatever is I'm lighting.I highly recommend these lighters to anyone who needs to light anything.  These will get the job done!
Every night, we light up our candles while watching TV and eating dinner.  Last night we started one of these Lighters! It is excellent!  Outstanding service, no problems at all.  It lights the first time, every time!
Lighters were as expected- good condition and all worked.  We like candles so it is nice to have these throughout the house so you aren't always hunting one down.  I like how long they are so you can still get down into the candles when they are getting low without burning your hand.
Even using both hands, I'm unable to make one of these light, due to arthritis in my hands. I wrote Bic about it and they didn't even reply. My son took one apart tonight trying to dismantle the child-proof feature for me, but all it did was break the darn thing. I bought a four-pack, so I threw out the broken one and gave him the other three. He said it was even hard for his hands to light.
seem to be of good quality and value.  I haven't used them long enough to know how long they last....
The safety is easy to use, important. The flame is about 8 inches forward. We use these to light our wood stove fires and our gas grill: they work fine every time.
Wonderful extra big rolls. Bigger than my towel holder allows! I keep new rolls on the countertop for a week before they fit into the holder. Not too mention the time and agravation saved by having this giant pack delivered to my door.Overall, a great bargain.
How to review paper towels?  Well, I decided to test the product by steam-cleaning the bathroom.  I steamed surfaces and then wiped up with paper towels.  The Bounty towels held so much water that I could wipe up until the towel was beyond soggy and actually dripping.  They never disintegrated or tore.  They held more dirt than any paper towel I have used before.As I continued to use these towels, I found that I wanted to keep using each towel until it was used up rather than just wiping up a single spill and tossing the towel.  I did not want to \"waste\" them as covers in the microwave.These paper towels are turning me into a domestic goddess! I am so glad I have another eleven rolls to go.
I've used Bounty paper towels for some time now.  They are excellent quality and perform well when wet or dry.  As someone else noted, I also haven't found any generic towels that are nearly as good.These \"huge\" rolls are nice in that more paper is on a single tube, but they might not be as economical as other versions.  Be sure to check pricing, because the \"value\" packs aren't always cheaper per sheet or square foot.  Also, for me - these large rolls don't necessarily last me longer because I'm used to the \"select a size\" rolls with the smaller sheets.  With these, I find myself tearing them in half from time to time, but I get lazy and just use the whole sheet most of the time.  So, I'm using more product than I normally would.  [On a side note, whoever came up with the \"select a size\" marketing is brilliant.  \"Smaller sheets\" probably wouldn't have been as catchy.  :)]So, five stars for the quality, but one star removed (for me personally) because I think the smaller \"select a size\" sheets are more economical in my case.
This is by far the biggest roll of paper towels I've ever seen outside of the big commercial rolls used in public or commercial facilities.  However, I have two different styles of paper towel holders, and it manages to fit well in either one.  The towels last a long time, both because of the huge roll and also because they stand up to wear and tear quite well.  I often use a paper towel to accumulate peels and parings when I prepare vegetables, which gets the towel very wet.  I'm able to fold these up, carry them by the four corners to the trash, empty them, and then use the damp towel for the next load with no tearing or give-way.  They are not overly thick, but are very sturdy and can take a lot of squeezing out and re-use (they can even be rinsed and reused).  The only thing I would change would be to have the \"select a size\" option that allows the user to tear off a smaller size, and I've noticed in the stores that these do come with that option.  I absolutely disagree with the reviewer who said there was no difference between Bounty and the store brand.  At least at the stores where I shop, there's no comparison:  Bounty is by far the superior product.  I was already a fan of the Bounty brand, and will look for these huge rolls again.
If you decide to buy this product, you should be aware that these rolls are HUGE. In case you missed it in the description, these 8 rolls equal 20 of the regular Bounty RollsBounty Regular Roll, White, 1 roll (Pack of 30)Comparing the current prices of the regular size and this size, per paper towel, you save a huge amount!  And, as you are aware, Bounty is a very high quality paper towel. And, in this large size, the price compares nicely to even the cheaper paper towels, making it a great bargain!I consistently use Bounty andBrawny Pick-A-Size Paper Towels, 15 BIG ROLLS (Equals 20 Regular Rolls)for my big jobs. I enjoy Brawny because you can tear off smaller (or larger) pieces, but I really don't like buying it at nearly double the cost of these!I put one roll in my kitchen, where I have been cleaning up a lot of messes ... and still have most of the roll left. I took a second roll with me to Vacation Bible School where we've been cleaning up even bigger messes and spills, and the roll seems as huge as ever!If you have a huge job coming up, or just like to have a big store of paper towels on hand, I feel that this is a wonderful choice!Note - The reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 stars.It says it fits MOST towel holders - I have a stand up one on the counter, and it did not fit mine. :-(  so to make my counter look neat and use these, I have to buy a new Paper Towel Holder.
I am a big fan of Bounty paper towels, I tried a few other brands but keep coming back to Bounty towels.  They are the strongest and most absorbent in my experience.  I use them all over the house, and there is a roll tucked away on every floor.However, I am not a big fan of the huge rolls. They don't fit my holder very well.I also prefer Bounty Rolls to have a wrapper, because I store the unopened packages in the basement and the wrapper prevents the smells and dust from penetrating the towel roll itself.  Given it is a big order, they stay in the basement for a while and tend to feel less fresh when it is time to use them.
Bounty has always been synonymous with the gold standard for paper towels and the new huge rolls are better than ever. Yes, as reviewers say, they are HUGE rolls and will last longer than any other. They are also noticeably stronger and more durable than others, which is a money-saver in the long run. I especially noticed the difference in strength when cleaning bathroom mirrors and glass shower enclosures - I can do with one sheet what used to require three or four. A great product at a great value - what more can you ask for? Thank you Bounty!
With the exception ofViva Premium Paper Towels, Big Roll, Accents and Borders, 1 Ply, 1 roll(only available here as an expensive single roll) which is more of a texture preference than absorbency, Bounty remains one of the best quality and best value paper towels out there.Not wanting to criticize Amazon, but I have found their grocery and household offerings to be not that good a value in the past compared with buying single items at your local supplier.That is not the case here however - 8 Giant (and I mean giant) rolls with 130 tough and absorbent sheets per roll offers equal if not better value, against even bulk suppliers like Sams. That is of course if you have Amazon Prime, with free two day shipping. Adding shipping to this would kill it's value completely.Bounty is not as \"cloth\" like or soft as Viva, but it is very strong, even when wet.Good value.
First of all, if you are planning on getting this product (8 HUGE rolls) of paper towel, know that you will need some space to store them because never has the word huge been so apt with a product. These rolls are quite large.In terms of actual product. I like them. They are certainly obsorbant, and clear up messes and spills really well. I currently have a puppy in the house and it handles those messes like a charm as well. I have been using Viva paper towels for the better part of a year now and these are just as good as those.However, there is one difference. The Viva towels are much 'softer' than these Bounty towels. To me, the Bounty ones just feel more course. It doesn't seem to affect the performance, but I thought I would mention it anyway.At the end of the day, these do exactly what they are supposed to do. A good paper towel for everyday use.
Bounty has long been my paper towel of choice. It IS thick and strong, as claimed. When I have to pick up yukky things like cat vomit, I know that one towel will keep the stuff off my hands, and I will not have to use two.My biggest annoyance with paper towels is having to change the rolls. I love the bigger rolls for the convenience of having each roll last longer.In addition, since it is less expensive to buy towels in large multi-roll packs, it is great not to have to fill my trunk with a big pack of paper towels but to let the delivery person bring it to my door.
I buy these paper towels at Costco! They seem to work really well for a really good price. They seem a little high on here.
I highly recommend these Bounty paper towels.  Strong, absorbent, and soft.This 8-roll package comes in its signature plastic wrap, and it comes inside a simple Amazon box. Both very easy to open.  These rolls are Huge Rolls. From the package itself: 76.7 meters squared (826.2 square feet). 130 Two-Ply sheets per roll.  Each sheet is 11 inches x 10.5 inches. Each roll is 11 inches tall, and 6 1/2 inches wide/thick. Definitely huge rolls.  The rolls may have trouble fitting into wall dispensers, but they are perfect for vertical table-top dispensers. The roll from the edge of the center is almost 2 1/2 inches up to the outer edge.How strong is a single sheet? In a 7-ounce glass, a sheet of Bounty drank about half the glass. It holds the water well. You can also wring out the paper towels like a cloth towel, and continue using the paper towel.  If you let it dry for a few hours, you can use the same sheet again. Not like you would want to, but it is an option.These paper towels are thick and absorbent.  They have a cloth-like durability, and they do not scratch mirrors. Highly recommended.  4.75 out of 5.
Pro:* Bounty is a popular name brand for a reason.  The towels are high quality, absorbent, don't fall apart easily.  I've used cheaper towels and if I have to scrub at the carpet to clean up a pet mess, they fall apart and make the mess even worse.  The Bounty towels really hold together and mean I can do a fair job of actually scrubbing with them - very cool.Con:* The HUGE roll is HUGE.  I don't quite get the push to make rolls of paper towel and toilet tissue as big as they can as all it means is they don't fit onto their respective holders.  Fortunately, I have an upright paper towel holder - I suspect I would have been more frustrated by the mounted type.  Even so, the fresh roll has to be squeezed onto the holder, meaning it takes two hands to tear off a sheet until some of the roll has been depleted.
I lived for a couple of years with a roomie who would buy whatever brand of paper towel was on sale. I would always buy Bounty and would almost weep when I saw any other Brand in the towel holder. If you are using paper towels as napkins, sure, any will do, but if you are going to use your paper towel to scrub surfaces or pick up spills, in my mind, only Bounty will do! These rolls really are huge and just make it into my towel holder. My only preference would be to buy the ones you can tear off half a sheet because there are times when a whole sheet of Bounty is overdoing it!
Select-A-Size is great and I highly recommend Select-A-Size. Too bad these aren't... but the following should be helpful in any case:The actual paper towels are very good, and the roll really is \"huge\", but pricing has been up and down and roll size is confusing, preventing me from giving them a full 5-star rating.Number of regular size sheets & square feet per roll:* Regular: 52 (43.6 square feet)* Big: 70 (58.8 square feet)* Giant: 78 (65.5 square feet)* Mega: 87 (69.7 square feet)* Mega Plus: 96 (80.6 square feet)* Super Mega: 104 (87.3 square feet)* Huge (\"biggest Bounty roll ever\"): 130 (109.2 square feet = ~2.5X the regular roll)
Same bounty quality just in a larger size. The regular sized rolls I get are 52 sheets, this new huge roll is 130 sheets. Only difference is because of the larger size it just barely fits on my towel rack. Besides normal everyday uses I also place a sheet of bounty on top of those expensive pee pads for my dog, to try to save some money. Just goes to show how absorbent these paper towels are.
I used to go for the cheaper paper towels,they didn't last long,and were hardly absorbant.After years of using the cheapies,I wised up,and tried the better paper towel brands.By far I love Bounty the most.You get the most for your money,they are super absorbant,and last a long time.I have 5 cats in my household,and they have been great for cleaning up cat puke,to everyday wiping down the counters or table.
We not only have kids, my wife owns a hand made soap company and we have a formulary attached to our home. So we go through a lot of paper towels.And while I hate to admit it, there is a difference between brands; for us Bounty is without question the best paper towel on the market. Forget the \"Quicker Picker Uppper\" business, it just works quickly, and actually can be rung out and reused if you are cleaning up a particularly large spill. In other words, you don't necessarily need to use 30 towels to clean up a spilled coke.This humongous pack has 12 of their \"Huge\" rolls, which they say compares to 30 regular sized ones. I don't have a regular roll to compare to, but the math works when compared to their other oversized roll, the \"Giant\" (which is smaller than this, actually). Total area in this 12 pack is about 138 square yards, which is 1242 square feet - 2.5 times the area of the 8 pack of giant-sized that I have in our storage room, and which claims to be the same as 12 regular rolls.Price wise, this works out fairly well too; I checked the price for a 6 pack of \"Huge\" at Walmart, and it was about half of this price (currently listed at $25.00 here), so it's competitive. Plus, you get delivery for free.The only downsides are the extra packaging required to ship this to you, and the fact that they arent' the \"select-a-size\" variety that we prefer. Sometimes you just don't need an entire sheet of paper towel.If you like the full-size sheets though (as we do in the formulary, as opposed to our kitchen), this is a good value on a great paper towel.
I'm not sure what \"frustration-free packaging\" is, but my towels came in a huge box, just the same way anything else would come from Amazon.  Certainly, frustration-free, but just like always (and maybe that's the point).  (I've since learned from Amazon that I didn't receive the \"frustration-free packaging,\" but I still don't know what that is, and my packaging was hardly full of frustration).The towels themselves are great.  It would seem odd, dear reader, that you would have never used Bounty towels, but, just in case--they are more absorbent, sturdier, and in all ways better than most towels.  The rolls are huge and tightly rolled, which basically means there are as many towels on the roll as your first think.  Other rolls aren't compressed as tightly, which, of course, means you change rolls more often.A by-product of Bounty towels is that they not only are absorbent, they don't leave as much dust (I guess, paper fragments) behind.  Bounty towels are superior.
We all know Bounty is the quicker picker-upper.  How could a HUGE roll of Bounty be a bad thing?  Well, only if your paper towel roll holder is squeezed into a tight space where it won't fit.  Nobody has to be sold on what a good product Bounty is, and that's the only drawback I notice here.  If you have one of those vertical PT holders or have plenty of space for your wall unit, this nice idea will minimize your use of the paper tubes that come with the towels, so it's even green.  Cheers!
all paper towels are the same, right?well no, they are not.there are many places to save money when shopping, but in my book, two where quality counts are toilet paper and paper towels. and these are quality paper towels. strong, absorbent, everything a towel should be.I will leave it to others to do the math and figure out if these are a good price. I would simply say, keep in mind that if you have to use two towels of a different brand to do the job, you saved nothing. in my mind, these are a bargain. a huge, quality roll of towels.
Bounty is the only brand of paper towel that I use. It is strong and absorbent and works well for cleaning, mopping up spills and more.They are not kidding when they call these \"huge\" rolls. Each roll is about 6-1/2\" in diameter. If you are using a wall-mounted paper towel rack these rolls may not fit. The package contains eight rolls, so you will need some room to store them.If you use a lot of paper towels, using these huge rolls means you won't be changing them out as often. Also, you will have fewer cardboard tubes to dispose of. This package also did not have each roll individually wrapped in plastic, a wasteful practice I have encountered with some products.Order this package of eight huge rolls, and you will have a supply of good paper towels that will last a long time.
The Bounty \"Huge Roll\" Paper Towels are exactly as listed, 12 rolls of 150 sheet high quality paper towels! We normally buy our paper towels in bulk at one of the big box stores, but the convenience of having them delivered to my porch by UPS was just too good to pass up.Also, we have used Bounty paper towels for a long time now since my wife convinced me that the quality was much better than the generics and that they ultimately do save time and possibly even money since you need less to get the bigger jobs done.These rolls do take up more space than the non-\"Huge\" rolls, but it is a good trade off.Highly Recommended!CFH
The rolls in this package are much larger than those in most stores, so they are long lasting.
So, good ole Bounty. Probably one of the most famous paper towel brands out there. Over the last few years, I've started using Viva more and more over the store brands and really liked it, but these may be set to change that.These paper towels are everything they advertise themselves to be. They are nice and thick, very sturdy and very absorbent. The strength is pretty impressive. I was able to run one of these through water, wring it out, run it through water again, do it twice more and have it still be strong enough that it took a bit of effort to tear it.Now one word of caution: when they say \"huge\" they aren't kidding. These are not able to fit on my vertical paper towel holder.They're just too big around for that. So that's something to keep in mind.Beyond that, though, these are really excellent and highly-recommended!
The paper towels are huge - each roll is just over 6 inches in diameter, which might be a problem with some paper towel holders. It barely fits on my counter-top stand-up style holder. If you have a wall mounted holder the extra roll size may be a problem.The towels themselves are fine - usual Bounty quality. Thick, and don't fall apart during use. I tend to use cloth towels for most cleaning, but paper towels come in very handy when cleaning the counters or my hands after cutting up chicken. I don't like tossing paper away, but much prefer some paper waste to cross contamination from raw chicken. These towels stand up well for all tasks.
These are great paper towels. They really are cloth-like. I can use them as wash cloths. If they were bigger they would make good bath towels. I am tempted to throw them in the washer and dryer and see if I can reuse them again and again. I don't have an under counter paper towel holder but I do know that these rolls would not fit in the holders I've had in the past.
With two young kids at my house we tend to go through a lot of paper towels. I have always preferred Bounty over most similar brands but they can be expensive at times. However I like how absorbent they are and they don't normally break apart at all so they are worth it.I done my homework and this package of bounty paper towels is a really good deal compared to prices at our local grocery stores.On average a six roll pack of bounty paper towels cost us $7.99 at the grocery store. That is equal to $1.33 per roll.This package contains 12 huge rolls, which are equal to 30 regular rolls. Amazon's regular price already has the grocery store price beat by a long shot and you can sign up for subscribe and save and get further discount.
I try not to use too many paper towels, and we've always bought an inexpensive brand, and in doing so, I thought I was saving money and helping to save trees.  I've had to rethink that after trying these paper towels.  They go alot farther than the less expensive ones I'd been buying.  I use two together for cleaning the bathroom, and I can rinse them out several times and keep using them until the bath is clean.  I also use them to absorb the oil from fried foods or bacon occaisionally, and I'm able to use less of these paper towels because they're so thick and absorbent.
This package of 12 HUGE rolls arrived via Fed Ex home delivery service.  It was easier than dealing w/ a similarly sized package of paper towels at Costco, then having to unload it to my car, then unload it and bring it into the house.  Except for the non-eco-friendly factor of having a Fed Ex truck driving around town toting boxes of paper towels.I am a big Costco shopper, so I did a product comparison.  The Kirkland brand (Costco house brand) is very similar in quality and package size, so I feel it is a fair comparison.  I think the quality of the Bounty paper towel is great, I don't think it is any better than the Kirkland one though.  Admittedly, I am not a huge user of paper towels, I use re-usable dish cloths whenever I can to save paper and money.  This package of 12 rolls will probably last me for almost a year.Yes, the diameter of the Bounty roll is visibly larger than the average paper towel roll.  It does state on the package that this roll should fit most of our paper towel dispensers fine though.  I have one that stands on my countertop in an upright position, and the roll is a bit snug, but is fine. If it doesn't fit your paper towel dispenser, it will after using probably 10 sheets or so.The Kirkland paper towel is a little bit bigger per sheet at 11\"x14\" versus the Bounty one at 11\" x 10.4\".  The Bounty roll was 137.7 square feet per roll, and 130 sheets, and the Kirkland roll is 85 square feet per roll, and 80 sheets per roll.  Today on Amazon the cost for this package of 12 rolls is $25.00 w/ the free super saver shipping, and for many of us, sales tax-free, which is the clincher here.  At Costco today (my warehouse) the Kirkland package of 12 rolls was $14.79 + tax. Based on per square foot cost, the two paper towels are very close at .014 (Kirkland) and .015 (Bounty).  If you do the subscribe and save option with Amazon (which is a good thing, in my opinion) then the price drops to .012/square foot.As far as the \"frustration free packaging\" touted as a selling point for these paper towels, I don't have much frustration with paper towel wrapping, so it is not that big a thing to me here.  The frustration free packaging is awesome when it comes to toys and Barbies, though, so keep it coming!
First off, I'm not going to give a review regarding the benefits or detriments of paper towels versus rags. It really is comparing apples to oranges. I was going to compare these towels to the Kirkland Signature brand towels that are in my pantry. Then I realized that I actually had to do a lot of housework to do that. Sorry compadres, no can do. So I thought about just giving you some simple tips to get the most out of this product...Want the most out of this paper towel? Remember one thing...less is more. One sheet will handle most of the counters or surfaces in a room. One sheet for application, one sheet for drying, and there you go. If you're using three sheets, that's a waste simply because most of the towel will never see a lick of moisture, which is the whole point of a towel.Paper towels are the most underrated kitchen utensil. Do you grill? Do you hate grease/fat? Then a paper towel is your friend. I make grill cheese sandwiches with ghee. Since ghee never evaporates under heat, it usually gets sucked into the bread. To counter that, put 2 sheets of Bounty on a plate, then put a sheet on top, finish off by putting a sandwich weight on top, and count the calories being sucked away. The Bounty sheets actually pull the grease away from the food. This works for all grilling foods including bacon.Last tip, an old trick, but still good. Using paper towels to make awesome pasta better. After your pasta is al dente, transfer it to a colander. Shake the pasta around to drain most of the liquid. Now, pour the pasta onto a plate that is lined with two sheets of Bounty that has been folded over to make the size of one sheet, (I say that because I gave this advice before and my friend misunderstood and had a floor full of angel hair). This is where Bounty earns five-stars, pick up the paper towel from opposing corners, like have the paper towel be a diamond shape and pick it up at the 3 and 9 o'clock positions. Proceed in having the pasta roll around in the paper towel for about 30 seconds to a minute over the colander. This trick is awesome for shell and macaroni pastas where water will hide out, which results in watery, less hearty sauces. Bounty is awesome in the fact that performing this trick with other paper towels has resulted in the paper towel sticking and peeling off onto the paper, where Bounty is strong enough to not have this happen. Okay, after time has past, put the pasta back in the dried pot you cooked it in, and enjoy.
If you like the quality of Bounty towels this is right for you.  These are the same towels as regular Bounty but more per roll.  Actually each roll works out to be two and a half rolls.  This packagemakes for a nice long supply at a very reasonable price.
My Wife and I are already Bounty users, so it wasn't a huge leap for us to try these new, larger-size rolls, but I was happily surprised at how big they really were. With two kids (A seven year old and a toddler), there;s always a mess to clean up, and we can go through a standard roll in no time flat.....one every two to three days. These rolls have been lasting as long as two weeks, and that's pretty impressive.
I love the idea of being able to \"subscribe\" to a service for an item like this, which is a staple that we use at a fairly constant rate. It's a big win, because the price is good and the delivery is reliable.Having said that, I'm afraid these aren't the paper towels I would have chosen for myself--mostly because they don't have the smaller perforation for choose-your-size. That means my kids will use a whole paper towel when a half would have been OK. The quality of these paper towels is fantastic though._________________________Pros:* Nice thick paper towels that absorb a lot and don't break down.* Large bulk package that should last for weeks.* Great value* Subscription option through Amazon adds an additional discount_________________________Cons:* No choose-your-size perforation* I would like the subscription service better if it were service-based and not product-based. I would jump on this service if it were for a product type that I already use.
Unbelievable how many paper towels they get onto a single roll. This should last me a year. Will definitely look for these again.
I've used white Bounty towels so long I can't remember what brand I used before. For me, the questions then come down to cost and practicality.Cost:I calculated the cost per square foot of these towels at 0.0202 sq ft if you just order using the cart, 0.0172 sq ft if you set up a subscription service (which includes free shipping even through the cost drops below $25.00).I actually ordered a 88-towel-each Bounty 6-Roll package from another site that offered free shipping a couple of months ago. The cost per square foot of that order was 0.0310.As it happened, Target had the identical Bounty Huge Rolls on sale the same week as I received the Vines carton. The cost at the Target sale price was 0.0210 sq ft.Buying Bounty Huge Rolls from Amazon is a good deal, especially if you subscribe.Practicality:I tried the Bounty Huge Roll in four different paper towel holders. It fit into all of them. On one or two of them, the fit was a little tight, so you might have to use a few towels before the roll would rotate freely. Even on these, however, the fit was not tight enough to be a problem pulling towel off the roll. I also have a towel holder in my car, which consists of a nylon bag with a rod inside and a slot for pulling out towels.  I did not try that one because I know from experience it's impossible to get anything larger than a basic roll into the bag.My personal preference is for Bounty Select-a-Size towels. They are also available on Amazon in 2-roll packs at 6 for $25 (0.0210 sq ft) or by subscription for $21.25(0.0184 sq ft). I did order some. The ones I received came an a carton designed to be partially opened and placed on a shelf.My conclusion is that buying Bounty Huge Roll, White, 12-Rolls this way is both cost-effective and practical.
No one likes changing the paper towel roll. I love the larger size of these rolls.The rolls last longer and are more economical than the regular rolls.Are there cheaper rolls out there? Perhaps but it would be hard to say there are better rolls.Even though the rolls were larger it fit my under cabinet holder perfectly.
Have used Bounty for years.  They are durable and absorbent.  This package is huge.  Get a lot for your money!
Bounty paper towels are quite simply the best I've ever used, and I've been buying them for years. Every once in awhile I'll try another brand, but I always come back to Bounty. Thick, absorbant, and gentle enough to dry off my eyeglasses after cleaning them without scratching. You can even rinse them out and reuse them. That's how strong they are. The \"Huge Roll\" is also very convenient.
OMG, these are a HUGE......... roll. I think one roll will last me a month. I like to dry my dishes in a dish rack and when I go to put them away they are just damp and I use this paper towel to finish drying them. That gives you a clean towel every time instead of using a cloth towel that sits out and picks up everything floating around in the air. I also use them to dry my hands and wash my counter tops. They are so strong and sturdy you can use them several times before throwing them out. They rinse out better than any wash cloth I have. I love using them to clean my 54\" round glass table as well. I wash my cupboards with them and love using them to get the junk out that builds up in the window sills that you find in the spring when you can open your windows up after a long winter. The uses are basically endless because of how strong they are. You may pay more at first but in this case, you still get more than you paid for!! They really should get 10 stars.
These Bounty giants are definitely absorbent, sturdy and the sheer volume that 8 huge rolls provides means that you do not have to shop very frequently for paper towels. (Just be sure that you have a big storage area) Although it is possible to get a lot of mileage out of each sheet, how economically and environmentally friendly they actually are would depend on the level of consciousness with which  the customer uses them.  Often, when we have a great abundance of a thing, there is a tendency to be a bit more profligate and we are pretty well conditioned to toss the towel once it has been used. For small jobs, a less thirsty or smaller sheet option would be more than adequate and I found myself keeping my less substantial bargain roll on hand or going with washable cloths....the ultimate in re-use. If you use paper napkins, Bounty towels would definitely be a great substitution. As another reviewer said, personal preference is the bottom line.  You can probably do as well if not better shopping the local sales and using coupons, but from a convenience standpoint, Amazon delivery is a reasonable alternative.  In terms of packaging, using paper to fill up the excess space is better than plastic but since this was not exactly a fragile item, could have been eliminated.
These are better than the average paper towel and dont easily shred when wet. They dont fit in my counter top paper towel roll holder until Ive used a few sheets. Other than that, it's all good.
I've used both Bounty and bargain brand paper paper towels for years, and there's really no comparison in terms of performance. One sheet of Bounty Towels does the work of several sheets of bargain towels. In terms of cost per use, in the long run, Bounty Huge Rolls could possibly even save you money depending on your usage. Bargain paper towels still server a purpose. They are good for very light spills, and cleaning windows, etc., but there's no beating Bounty Paper Towels for heavy spills and heavy cleaning jobs. The 'Huge Roll 12-pack' is a good value compared to buying single, regular rolls.
I've tested a lot of paper towels, and I like Bounty the best.  They are extremely absorbent, yet softer than the other major brands.  They never fall apart, and one sheet goes a long way.This package is a great deal due to the size of the rolls.  The \"mega rolls\" are about 5 times the size of a normal roll, making this package the equivalent of 30 rolls.  Having to change the roll fewer times is awesome, and you're also reducing waste (as much as you can with paper towels) on packaging and additional cardboard tubes.This package is awesome if you like bounty but hate having to buy more all the time.
If you never used Bounty brand paper towels, be warned:  Once you see how great and durable they are, you may never go back to your previous brand.  They pick up spills of all sorts quickly; They even works great on carpeting (you may need several sheets, depending on thickness of your carpet.)  Also, these come in big rolls, so you don't spend as much times changing rolls as you usually would.
And I've tried them all!  Never again will I save a few dollars and by the cheaper ones - they just do NOT compare to Bounty!  The cheaper ones absorb less, tear easier, and the roll doesn't last as long.The Bounty paper towels are thick, absorbant, and strong! I frequently use these not only to clean up messes, but as damp washcloths for cleaning up stains/spills on the counter, scrapes and bruises on others, dusting, etc. I literally use these for everything and they just work every time!These rolls are huge, but not so big they won't fit in your dispenser.  I usually prefer the select-a-size rolls, as I use the small ones as napkins at meals (yes, I'm cheap).  And even though I'm cheap, I will NEVER buy anything but Bounty paper towels again.  They're the best!I can't comment on Amazon's frustration free packaging, as mine did not come that way.  But I imagine it's more convenient to have them sent that way, as my experiences with their frustration free packaging have all been positive.
(Note: This was written at the time of the Gulf oil spill.)Oh paper towel, humble helperYou wipe our doggie when we whelp herSop our coffee and our teaCatch our little baby's peeThese are good ones, nice and thickTo check our oil, wipe our stickNature's Bounty from a treeI promise to recycle theePaper towels cure what ails usFixing anything that fails usSo send these Bounty's to the GulfOne big box should be enoughTo stop that leak and end that pain(And soak up any extra rain)Amazon, I thank your nicenessFor sending these completely priceless
When select-a-size paper towels first came out, I switched over to those since many times I really only needed a small portion of towel for a job.  Then I started using \"C-Folded\" Scott paper towels from Costco which are nice since they are individual towels (no trying to tear off a sheet or two).  So when the Bounty Huge Rolls showed up on my Vine list I figured I'd give them another try.The rolls are huge--so big that they did not fit on any of my towel holder stands.  So be warned that you may have to use it for a while before it will fit on a holder.  [That's why I knocked one star off.)  The towels themselves are still nice and thick, and do what they're supposed to do.  Seems like a good price from amazon, especially with Subscribe & Save.
I usually buy the cheapest paper towels (going by price per sheet) at the store, which is invariably the store brand.  They are okay for most tasks.  I figured I'd very much prefer Bounty because I do like to rinse out paper towels repeatedly when, say, wiping down countertops.  But I was surprised to find that Bounty wasn't noticeably more durable or easy to use.  The only exception is when wringing out the towel very tightly and then unwadding it.  Bounty does stand up to that better, but it's not a feature I need often enough to make me prefer Bounty.However, the one shining quality of Bounty Huge Rolls is that they *do* have more paper towels per roll than most brands.  I think the cheap store brand I get only has about 60 sheets, and these have 130.  I like that I'm not always on the verge of running out and constantly having to change the roll.  That by itself is worth something.A couple of points to consider about buying the Huge Rolls in bulk:  The package is so big (about 19x23x11), you'll have to figure out where to store it.  I had to open it up and stash a roll or two here and there.  Fortunately, this is not a problem since each roll is individually wrapped.  Also, depending on how you use paper towels, you will likely find theBounty Huge Roll Select-a-Sizeto be more economical.  The cheap store-brand paper towels I usually get are not available in select-a-size, and Amazon's price for the Bounty version is quite good (especially the Subscribe-and-Save price), so I might consider switching to that, but not to these full-size sheets.
I always do the math when I buy TP and paper towels. I have a price point for both and this massive package of paper towels comes in under budget, especially for a name brand and especially if you were to take advantage of the \"subscribe and save\" plan, which knocks another 15% off of the price. Throw in the double bonus that most purchasers will not be paying sales tax on these towels and you don't have to figure out how to fit this mountain of paper toweling into your car and you may have just found a way to save a little cash AND make your life just a wee bit easier.Oh, this is a big roll but it fits into my dispenser with room to spare.
This is a LOT of paper towels.  The rolls are HUGE.Pros:They soak up a lot.  At the Hollywood Bowl, the people behind us spilled a gallon bottle of water which dripped down beneath our seats where I had the emergency roll of paper towels.  Soaked it right up.  For regular spills, you can mop it up with one towel, wring it out, and mop it up some more.A roll lasts a long time.  Did I mention they're huge?  Yep.You replace the towels on the dispenser less frequently.They're good for cleaning windows.  No lint.  Hooray!They're strong.  You can re-use them.You won't run out of paper towels for a long, long time.Cons:Even with the Amazon frustration-free packaging, they seem over-packaged.  Each roll is individually wrapped within the wrapping of the 12 rolls.It is hard to fit the roll onto some paper towel dispensers.  Making the roll turn is a challenge until you've used up a lot of them, and that takes quite a while, so give up on ease of dispensing for the first 100 towels or so.They don't make good kleenex.  Too big, too rough.They are hard to store.  I have large storage shelves in my storage area.  The 12-pack did not fit on the shelf.If you don't like them, too bad.  It's going to be a looooooooong time before you run out.
This is an excellent paper towel. It is soft, like an actual cloth and very absorbent. Ordering this from Amazon is great because I no longer have to lug it back from the grocery store! Bounty huge roll paper towels are an excellent product!
The review of this product is part of my obligation to Amazon for accepting to be a member of the Vine program, a club of selected customers that provide opinions about \"new and pre-released items.\" We enter this club by accepting free copies of products but we promise in return to submit an opinion.We are loyal to Bounty products, so when we saw that Bounty Huge Rolls were part of the offering, we chose to order this product to enjoy what we already purchase on a regular basis.Well, the rolls are huge and we just finished cleaning the kitchen and \"one sheet\" kept on cleaning, drying, and lasting longer than other paper towels.Hate to sound redundant but Bounty is \"the thick quicker picker upper!\" The paper design is excellent with cloth like durability, strength and super absorbency. We would highly recommend buying this product for all your cleaning uses. We are indeed fortunate to be part of the Amazon's Vine program!
Few products live up to their hype, but these are pretty much as described.  The five stars doesn't mean it's my favorite thing ever, but, I appreciate that it's as good a paper towel as I've used.  It is soft, strong and absorbent, as described, and it is a HUGE roll.  I can't say that I have run it through all of its paces but after using it around the house and packing some up for beach trips I'm confident they will more than serve.The only thing I've liked in paper towels which these don't provide is the option of using a half sheet (that is, perforations which would make that easy).  that said, it is such an enormous roll, I expect this pack will last quite a long time.I do not expect them to be as durable as cloth, but these do a better job of dusting and polishing furniture than other paper towels I have used (do not fall apart, shred or leave debris when wet) which means I will not have to hold on to piles of old rags.
These paper towels are fabulous, as usual.  I love that they're huge rolls, but it tends to make me use more than I should, a bad habit that I can't seem to break.  It's especially nice that I'm not changing the roll as often.  There really is no comparison to other brands; Bounty has been a name that I've always trusted, although I do sway from the occasionally due to the fact that another brand may be on sale.  The only 'problem' I have with these are that they're full sheet; I much prefer either shortened towels or the select-a-size.
Let's begin with a confession:  we've used Bounty for years and found it to be the best.  Always tempted by sales we've tried other brands but have  not found them to be as satisfactory.For us, Bounty has proven to be the strongest and  most absorbent.  Best for draining fried foods or wiping up spills.
These are really high quality towels. I use them many times before tossing them. Use them first for something clean (like your hands), hang them out, use them on the stovetop, to dry a plate, whatever.... then last use them on something really dirty like the floor. These are not going to fall apart ever until they are so dirty that you don't want them anyway. 5 stars. A total waste of their high quality, if you use them once and toss them, then get a cheaper one. Use them more than once to avoid needless waste.
I was waiting for two packages to arrive, one was a Sony receiver and the other contained these paper towels. As soon as I saw the delivery guy carrying that huge box, I started getting mentally and physically prepared to lift the heavy receiver box, I put all my strength on my legs, arms and back, I was not going to allow myself to look like a weak fool in front of wife. So Mr. UPS hands me the package and.. Yeah, you guessed it, it was the Bounty package! Long story short, I offered my sincere apologies to the delivery guy for almost hitting him on the nose with the huge box, due to my super strength.Onto the review...I've been using Bounty for years now, I usually buy the Select A Size, so I couldn't pass on the opportunity to check out it's bigger brother, the Huge Bounty Roll and let me tell you, I am as pleased with the quality of the Huge towels as I am with the Select A Size.These paper towels are great! Thick, resistant and very absorbent. The 11 1/2\" x 10 1/2\" size per sheet makes them perfect for nearly any cleaning job around the house without having to use half a roll as with the competition. I have used Bounty towels to clean everything from tables, walls, windows, car dashboards, my daughter's face (she loves chocolate pudding!) you name it, I have cleaned it with these towels and they never disappoint. They are durable and that makes them reusable, just rinse them and reuse them to finish the job.Price might look a little on the high side but you have to take into account that these towels last, in my opinion, they're more than worth the price for the quality that you get. I highly recommend them.
Bounty has always been my paper towel of choice, and these enormous roles (8 of them being equal to 20 regular sized roles) means there's always plenty of the quicker picker upper on hand to soak up any spills, clean the mirrors and windows, drain the bacon and other fried foods and still serve as an informal napkin.  This new \"plus size\" roll might be a bit \"thick\" for some paper towel holders, but I enjoy knowing I'm not running out any time soon!
First of all, these towels are the best on the market and this is a killer deal. You get a lot of towel for the amount of money and yes, these rolls are huge! The only slight downside for me is that while other brands of paper towels allow you to tear off 1/3 or 1/2 of the whole towel when you don't need so much, these towels do not offer that option. This is a slight issue when considering the other benefits of this product: They are sturdy, efficient and bountiful in these large rolls. Recommended.
These are my favorite paper towels and a great value, too.  My children will reach for a Bounty sheet over any napkin, any day.  They are super absorbent.  The six pack of rolls is really nice, too.  This way you feel like you have tons to tackle the windows, the counters and all the tables to boot.  They don't have any scent and they don't leave any residue.  They are perfect for cleaning, spills and drying meat off before you brown it.  A perfect product.
Bounty's Huge rolls are larger than most paper towels, which makes restocking a less frequent requirement.  The towels themselves are soft, absorbent and big.  A select a size feature would be helpful for those jobs which do not require a whole towel.  We will buy these towels in the future.
I'm one of those people that hates having to buy paper towels...they seem excessively expensive, are bulky to put in the cart when shopping and the quality of most brands leaves a lot to be desired. Having said that, between camping and general quick spills, use in the garage and for my art hobby, it's one of those 'necessary evils'.The brand I typically purchase is Bounty because they tend to last longer and have less \"dust\" which is important when using for painting/art. When this came up for review, I was actually pretty delighted...after all, who can't use extra paper towels. I wasn't sure about the size but this really is a much larger roll than average and impressively tough. Despite the large size, it fit fine into our standard holder. I'm delighted about the delivery straight to the door (no more wrestling these large packages through a checkout line at the grocery store!). Cleaned the refrigerator and a counters - one sheet was still going strong. In fact, this acts more like a handi-wipe than a paper towel. Was pleased to see very little lint/dust. My only preference is this was not the \"select a size\" which I find more convenient for the way we use paper towells...otherwise, an excellent update. In fact, I've signed up for a subscription to the select a size version of these new towels! Convenient, cost effective and superior cleaning power.
Bounty Huge Roll is just like it sounds, an absolutely huge paper towel roll that still fits on under-cabinet holders. It's almost as strong as a sponge, so you can use it to clean counters of food spills, cat food crumbs and so forth. It stands up to plenty of elbow grease. I've had three friends check it out, including a professional housekeeper, and the consensus is: \"Wonderful!\" I'll be buying this in the future.
Okay, maybe love is a bit overdoing it but it is a great product for a guy that uses paper towels to clean up almost everything.  I know, its not environmentally friendly but I just cant get past the nastyness that gets on reusable products like the Shamwow or standard dishtowel.  When I saw that Amazon had \"frustration free packaging\" for biggest Bounty rolls I have ever seen, I figured I would give it a try.  Well, I'm still unsure what the \"frustration free packaging\" is since it looks to me the same packaging I get in the store but it was delivered to my house instead of me driving to the store, fitting it into the trunk and then having to unload it at the house.  As for Bounty, it is the same great, tough product I have been using for years and will continue to use for many years to come.
What can be said about paper towels?  Well, these paper towels rolls are one inch thicker in diameter than the Bounty \"Big Rolls.\"  They measure 6 1/4 inches across while the \"Big Rolls\" measure 5 1/4 across.  They are just as absorbant but feel like the paper mix is different because the texture feels different.  This is of no concern though because they never fail to clean up messes.  They fit in our standard paper towel holder, purchased from a bedding and bath store.  Overall, these are highly recommended.
Bounty is a great brand, and these paper towels are high quality. The rolls are very large, and the towels are thick, durable, and absorbent. The roll feels like it lasts a long time. My only wish is that Bounty would start making paper towels that are made from recycled paper and that the price would be more comparable to supermarket brands. Otherwise, this is a great product.
When they said huge, they weren't kidding. This 6pak was HUGE and HEAVY!! The rolls are about 40% larger than regular rolls and seem more dense. GREAT for heavy use households like ours. Bounty is a great quality paper towel, and these bigger rolls mean less trips to the grocery store.
I've used nothing but Bounty paper towels for at least 30 years, but either they've suddenly come down a LOT in quality or Procter & Gamble sells a special low-quality version through Amazon. They're thin, weak, scratchy and a weird grayish color instead of white. They look like paper towels from a third-world country, and maybe they are. They say Bounty just like they always did (not even Bounty Basic, which I know to avoid), but they're NOT the same product.So I tried other brands for the first time in all these years and discovered that Wegmans store brand paper towels are thick, soft and strong, at least as good as Bounty used to be at about half the cost. I will never buy Bounty again, here or anywhere else.
There's no doubt about it ... Bounty paper towels are among the best on the market.  They're very absorbent, with each separate sheet able to mop up the same amount of liquid that would take three or four sheets of the cheap one-ply generic brands to soak up.  I love the easy to open, Amazon Frustration-Free packaging that the towels were shipped in, as well.My only complaint about this product is that the individual paper towels are of a uniform (huge) size, meaning that if I need to wipe up a little mess that I'm going to be wasting some of the product; the solution would be for the manufacturer to offer these with additional perforations on the role, allowing me to tear off smaller sheets when needed.  That said, if you need a big napkin-sized towel for outdoor picnics and bar-b-ques, these would be your perfect choice!
I love paper towels because they are so useful for many things: cleaning, wiping, and easy to dispose. And I have tried many different brands but with different results. Again and again, I come to the Bounty paper towels because they are far superior in every way.This particular Bounty Huge Roll (6pack) is SAME strong and absorbent Bounty we've come to know and love. Only that each roll has 130 two-ply sheets, and 6-pack equals to 15-pack regular Bounty paper towel rolls. This cuts down the number of replacing the paper towels.If you are worried that it may not fit your paper towel holder, you should measure the radius of the paper towel role with the towel holder whether it will fit or not (FYI, the radius is 3\" and the diameter of the roll is 6\"). Mine fits tightly, but it still rotates.Overall, I am very happy with the product. Can't live without Bounty! :)
UPDATE: 21NOV10:If your towel holder spindle doesn't spin you might want to skip these. These towels do not have a cardboard center tube and my holder \"eats\" up the inside towels over time. I'm surprised testing didn't reveal that. Ecologically correct (and probably money-saving for Bounty) and they're still great if your towel holder spindle does spin (or the spindle is smaller than the towel roll center hole, I suppose).****************************************************************************************************Well, luckily the BIG pack-O-towels got here before I tried to bake a pound cake. The towels work as advertised, the pack is BIG, and what else can I say. If you need paper towels buy this pack. You won't need to buy any for quite a while.
The huge rolls just barely fit in my dispenser. The paper towels are really durable. They do a great job, both in terms of absorbancy and usefulness. Really great towels.
You will receive 12 HUGE paper towel rolls.  The box itself is something like 3 feet x 2 feet x 2 feet.  Towels are fairly thick and do not have any colors printed on them (which is good).  The perforations are a standard size (10\"x12\" - or so, I didn't measure).  These fit in a standard paper towel holder.
Bounty absorbs better than any other towel on the market.  (I love Viva because of how it feels like cloth, but even I will admit that Bounty absorbs more.)I have used these to wipe, drain, scrub and even wash dishes.  They come through every time.  Amazon does not necessarily have the best price, but as I am an Amazaon Prime member they ship fast and free so there is that convenience to consider.The roll is really large diameter-wise and did not fit very well on my existing wall dispenser.  If you are going to use these routinely I would recommend getting one of those holders that stand up on the counter.
Bounty brand of paper towels is the best.  This super size roll is about 2 regular rolls in one, which is rather nice not having to change the roll as frequently.  Still the 'quicker picker upper\"  an excellent paper towel.  Thick enough to be fully absorbent, tears off the roll easily ( which is not the case with all paper towels!)  I never buy any other brand.
There is nothing worse than running out of paper towels when there is a mess in a kitchen or a bathroom that needs cleaning. I often use the organic pre-soaked cleaning cloths from Seventh Generation, but paper towels are a useful too that is always needed. These rolls are huge, I mean really really big! I had quite a laugh once I got the whole box of them and started to pull them out, one really lasts a very long time, seems that I can go though one roll of these in two weeks while it takes me 3-5 days at times to finish one of the regular rolls I pick up at the grocery store.  These are also pretty sturdy, nothing flimsy when it comes to picking up any spills or while cleaning.Ease of reordering this online is excellent and so is the price, and it definitely beats going to the store all the time to replenish something I always need.
For quite a while I've used the generic paper towels that we pick up at the local warehouse store but NO LONGER!These Bounty paper towels are incredibly better and they cost less here at Amazon,which makes it the logical choice,hands down.The quality of these paper towels is so good that you use less than Brand X and these rolls are HUGE.I'm totally sold on these
I've been buying the cheap paper towels for so long that I forgot how good Bounty towels are. One towel can pick up more then any paper towel, they are durable and really feels like a cloth rag. These are huge rolls which should last a good long time even with my 7 year old twins. We use a counter top holder and the roll slid right over it. These are great for the dog and for working in the garage, it's a man's paper towel but women love it too! What more could be said about a paper towel? Bounty, simply the best. ps - Loved the BIG box it came in. Kids made a fort out of it.
Bounty has long been the paper towel of choice in our family. It's strong, durable, and very absorbant. It's softer than many other paper towels. These particular rolls are the largest I've ever seen. I measured it at 2 3/4 inches from the center cardboard. It's been almost a month and the one I have been using has only been reduced to the size of a normal roll.
What can you say about these paper towels? We're all used to the cheap knockoffs where you have to use 5 paper towels to do the job of just 1 Bounty paper towel. Shipping was great, very convenient and easy. Will definitely get these again.
These are sturdy, big towels which do an enormous amount of work. I like to use paper towels to clean and wax window sills and all sorts of jobs which require lots of rubbing and applying paste, etc. These hold up extremely well and generally I just need one per job.Bounty towels are also great for artists who paint. We can dab and correct paint spray without ruining the original thought. And excellent for cleanup once we're done! I can't imagine life without them !!
I can say enough good about these.  The roll is HUGE, they tear like they should and they hold up to everything!  Having a two year old and a new born at home paper towels live in ever room of the house for all of those not-so-precious moments and I can't imagine having anything else on hand.
This is a HUGE roll for sure! It barely fit into my paper towel holder (upright wooden one). I had to jam it in there. But once the roll was in, everything was fine. The toweling itself is strong and durable. I reused one sheet many times over as a rag to wash some dishes and clean off the counters. It did not shred or tear. When I was done with cleaning the kitchen, I threw the paper towel out. I suppose I could have let it dry out and use it again had I been more ambitious. These are great to use and reuse especially for spills and cleaning the kitchen. I would recommend them.
Bounty towels have always been the best paper towel available.  Now with the Big Role that is 3 times the size of a normal roll, they are an even better value.  We use paper towels regularly for cleaning up kitchen messes. Also, the doctor told us to use paper towels instead of hand towels whenever someone in the house has a cold or virus.  Using paper towels will keep down the chance of spreading the bug to other family members. We tried it, and it's true.  Once we switched to paper towels, we found that we weren't spreading colds like we did when we used cloth towels.As for cleaning, the towels are strong and absorbent, and really get the job done.  We love Bounty paper towels, and will continue to use them to help keep our kitchen clean and spotless.  This is the only brand of paper towels that we buy.
It's tempting to buy the cheap paper towels - but they absorb less and you use more.  That's a good reason to choose this brand. Bounty is the best - and these really big rolls are a great value.
=====================The Pros=====================[ABSORBS LIKE A SPONGE]: Whatever the materials are and how they're meshed, Bounty is consistently a champ at soaking up spills, you can even wring it out and go back for more. Any others and you're usually having to use more sheets and still not soak up as much[STRONG AS A DISH TOWEL]: Again, the materials and how they're put together really makes for a strong sheet. If a spill is just plain water, sometimes I'll still keep that sheet and let it dry out for another use. They're so strong in fact, I'd HIGHLY DISSUADE anyone from using them as toilet paper (even in a crunch)...They simply DON'T break down no matter how long you soak em in water.[JUMBO ROLL LASTS]: Having the Jumbo/Huge rolls is nice because it means less times having to swap in new rolls.[NORMAL SIZE SHEETS]: Some time ago Paper Towel manufacturers (including Bounty) started offering \"small spills\" sized sheets that are about 2/3rd the size of a regular sheet. For me, we have a 4yr old and there's no such thing as small spills. Where 1 small sheet wasn't enough, 2 was just a little too much...So I'm much happier the \"normal\" sized sheets are back.=====================The Cons=====================[PRICIER THAN OTHER BRANDS]: This is a very minor con as sales on Bounty are frequent and the usual prices aren't all that much more.=====================Conclusion=====================We've used Scott, Brawny, Sam's Club Brand among others. Some come close, but none can stand equal to Bounty. Some things in life are worth the extra effort or money (like toilet paper, I'll pay the extra for Charmin anyday vs. buying something that feels like wiping with a brown paper bag!) and Bounty is one of those things. Highly recommended.
These paper towels are really great.  They are strong and absorb liquid like nobody's business.  They are definitely worth paying a little more for as compared to the generic brand paper towels.  This package is absolutely HUGE!  The 12-roll package is really two packages of 6 rolls each, which is about a two-month supply of paper towels for me (and I use a lot of paper towels).  Unless you are an extreme couponer, Amazon (using Subscribe & Save) has the absolute best price.  Plus, it's delivered right to your door, which is great because getting this huge box in my car would be a pain.  Just note that these rolls may not fit on every paper towel holder.  Each \"huge roll\" is equal to 2.5 regular rolls.
We are a household of only two people, and since this is my first purchase of this particular item, I got the 6 count package. In case you haven't gotten the idea from all the other reviews, these are huge!!!  They measure just a little over 6\" across. The cardboard center seems to be the same size as a normal size roll. What you have to consider is the total width...I have a paper towel holder that is mounted on the wall, the roll of towels fits on it just fine. One draw back is the roll is right up against the wall so I have to turn the roll itself, rather than pulling on a sheet, to get to the next sheet, but I don't see this as a big deal because that roll will get smaller as it is used anyway. I started using paper towels in my bathrooms because it is more sanitary then a community towel, especially during flu/cold season. The individual sheets are normal, full-sized.If you are buying these you should consider if you have the storage room, how many rolls you have in use at a time (kitchen, workshop, bathroom(s)) and your family size. If you are a family of four, and have the storage room, it may be worth it to get the next size up. I think the 6 count package is perfect for the two of us.
These Bounty Huge Rolls are truly *HUGE*!!  A single roll lasts 2-3 weeks in our kitchen and the package in it's entirety has lasted several months.  These paper towels can handle some tough jobs as they are very thick and highly resilient.  A single sheet is more than enough for most uses and every roll has 150 sheets!I would consider these Bounty towels to be the best value in paper towel products.  Highly Recommended!
If you are like me, and always get stuck putting in the new paper towel roll, these HUGE rolls are just the thing for you! They don't change themselves, but at least you'll have to change them a lot less often. And you'll have fewer empty cardboard rolls to throw out. Six (6) of these HUGE rolls are equivalent to fifteen (15) regular paper towel rolls. With the Bounty GIANT rolls that I usually buy, six (6) rolls are equivalent to only nine (9) regular rolls.One caveat: the label warns that a roll \"fits most paper towel holders\". The problem with the fit isn't the size of the cardboard inner roll, which went onto my towel holder rod quite easily. The problem is that a HUGE roll is about 6.5\" across the end, as compared to a GIANT roll that is only about 5.5\" across the end. This means you need an extra inch of clearance between your towel holder rod and whatever your towel holder is mounted on, in order to be able to accommodate the extra paper towels on this HUGE roll. Lucky for me, my towel holder, which is mounted underneath a kitchen cabinet, has just enough clearance to be able to accept the roll.Bounty towels have long been my favorites, because they are highly absorbent, and relatively low-priced. I especially like the \"select-a-size\" Bounty rolls, which save money because they let you pull off a half-sized towel when you have only a small spill to wipe up. Although these HUGE rolls are NOT \"select-a-size\" rolls (seeBounty Huge Roll Select-A-Size, White, 12 Count), I really love them, and will be buying them in the future!
Through the years, I've tried many brands of paper towels. Quite a few years ago, I settled on Bounty and that's all I buy now. Bounty towels are durable & really do hold more liquid than the other brands I've tried. Other brands of towels would require two or more sheets to complete clean-ups, so even if their initial cost was less per sheet, their usage cost was higher because I needed more towels to finish the job (I'd only need one sheet of Bounty for the same mess). I've even been known to rinse out a Bounty towel and continue to use it for cleaning up the mess. I tried that with other paper towels and they just fell apart. Bounty paper towels are strong! I am a thrifty person; if I don't need a whole sheet, I'll fold the towel and tear it in half...sometimes quarters. If I want to be neat, I'll use scissors. I also save old t-shirts, white socks, etc. to use for rags, but there are times when only a paper towel will do.The individual rolls in theBounty Huge Roll, White, 12-Rolls [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging] are individually packaged and are 6\" in diameter. A roll fits in our cabinet mounted, plastic towel holder without any problems. The 'arm' on our towel holder measures approximately 4\" in length. Each roll contains 130, 11\" x 10.4\", two-ply sheets. More sheets on a roll mean less trips to the store, or in this case, less deliveries from Amazon. Bounty paper towels really are the quicker picker upper and are the best I've ever used!!!~~~I prefer paper towels that are individually packaged; I think it's more sanitary. However, the individual rolls in theBounty Huge Roll, White, 6-Rolls [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging] are not individually packaged.  So, if you'd rather not have your paper towels in individual packages you might want to purchase the 6-roll pack.
It is great to never have to run out of my paper towels or toilet paper, two staples that are a must in any household.  They come shipped at the cycled time I selected and delivered right to my door, ...now if I could just get them to deliver milk and bread :O)
One of our local \"drug-plexes,\" in yet another dumb move they've made since the first of the year, seems to have stopped carrying my hands-down favorite paper towel--Viva. Given that having to hunt them down elsewhere is a pain and I was nearly out of them, the chance to review paper towels seemed fortuitous.Bounty towels are thick, a nice size, and are also very absorbent. And the rolls are huge--they pack lots of punch. The problem is that they're not all that strong; the weather here has been very sticky and I grabbed one to blot off--something I often do with Viva. Despite being only damp, the Bounty towel tore. Mind you, they do the same thing when called upon to work harder but this is meant to be illustrative of just how strong they're not.Bottom line: these are good but not great. If your needs aren't too demanding, Bounty could be your ticket. If you need something sturdy, look elsewhere.
These Bounty towels live up to the reputation of other Bounty products.  They are strong and are great for general cleaning.  My only two issues would be:  1) They should have more perforations so that you can tear off a smaller towel.  They work so well that you just don't need the usual, big sheet.  2)  These rolls are so big that they don't fit in our standard paper towel roll holder.  We have to let each new roll sit out on the countertop until it gets used up enough to finally fit in the dispenser.  Still, a recommended product.
In my family, we have been using regular Bounty paper towels for some time and have been satisfied with them.  When I received a package of this new kind of paper towels, I was skeptical that they really could be truly re-usable.  But they have lived up to the promise.  You can actually use these towels repeatedly, as if they were made of cloth.Besides being re-usable, these towels are at least as good as the regular Bounty paper towels at absorbing a mess.  No loss of capability there.One thing to keep in mind: these rolls are fatter than regular towels, so if you install them on a paper-towel holder they might be a bit tight at first.Seems that these are a good idea!
Is there a better way to get towels than from Costco? Yes there is. Have them delivered to your door. What a pleasure. The towel rolls are huge. Just barely fit my towel holder when they are new. I am a happy camper.
People's preferences in paper goods vary. Suffice to say that Bounty is a quality paper product I wouldn't be writing about if I didn't use it on a daily basis. If you want to know about the paper quality, skip to another review. The question addressed here is an economic one.No doubt Proctor and Gamble has a dictionary that defines the terms \"Regular,\" \"Giant,\" \"Huge,\" and \"Mega Plus,\" but I'm not privy to it. So I used the old-fashioned method of comparing the MEGA-PLUS package I recently bought from the big C-store (where I normally shop) to the HUGE package that I got from Amazon.Curiously, I found that one package provides a total measurement in square feet while the other uses square yards.  One package contains 96 sheets that are exactly eleven inches square; the other has 130 sheets that measure 11 by 10.4 inches. The math wizards among you will have already realized that this works out to only a 27-sheet differential between two rolls that appear to have a 34-sheet difference. I'm not sure what P&G; is thinking here, but I suspect it's confusing for a reason.Rather than try to remember my grade school conversion rules, I used the metric measurements to determine the unit cost, which I consider to be the only valid basis for comparison. Here's what I found:Using a $2-off coupon that I had, I bought 89.93 square meters of Bounty from Costco for 18.9 cents per square meter. But then you have to add the tax.From Amazon, the package contained 115.1 square meters, so that worked out to a little over 21.7 cents per square meter. If you use Amazon's Subscribe & Save program, you can bring this cost down to 18.4 cents per square meter. So from a purely economic perspective, this product is a winner. And changing the roll less often is an added bonus.I'm very fond of having large items delivered to my door, though I haven't yet decided whether home delivery is more eco-friendly than driving to the store. When I think of P&G; shipping by train and truck to a warehouse, and then a big truck driving around to stores all over town, and then me driving to the store, somehow the home delivery method seems simpler.Of course, if your local stores don't sell this product, then your decision is made. Well, at least mine would be.
Bounty paper towels have always been a quality product and their huge rolls remain the same.  The big difference is that there are more sheets per roll, many more sheets!  These rolls are truly huge.  Wonderful paper towels, delivered quick and easy.  I will say that it's a tight fit on the paper towel holder though.  I'm not entirely sure how this is frustration free though?  I mean, it's great that it's delivered ot your door, but the packaging is not different than normal unless I'm missing something.  I expected that the package of paper towels would arrive as is, but just like everything else they were contained in a large box with packing material.  Great paper towels, but not sure about the frustration free packaging.UPDATE 7/4/10: The mishap on the frustration free packaging was a mistake and should be corrected soon.  While it was delivered to me in the typical packaging, that process will change to frustration free packaging soon.
I'm a huge fan of Bounty because their paper towels feel so much thicker than the others. In a pinch (when I've been out of dishtowels) I have used these to wash several dishes and they hold up fine. These rolls are THICK. They were not kidding when they said it was a huge. I was afraid it would not fit into my dispenser but it squeaked in. I measured and it's a smidge under 2.5 inches from the edge of the cardboard tube to the perimeter of the roll. I would measure your paper towel caddy before getting it because I think it would have been too big for my old one.
These are good paper towels. I was worried that the huge roll might not fit my standard-size dispenser, but it does. These towels are absorbent and reasonably durable -- they don't dissolve when I'm using them to clean the counters. I would buy them if they were on sale.
the quicker picker upper is the stone cold truth and durable. picks up any and everything and doesn't miss a beat. highly likeable and great quality. always dug bounty  and this pack comes in handy. great value.
This Bounty can almost be used like a regular towel in that it can be scrubbed vigorously without getting torn apart or frayed. If you're cleaning a baby formula area and don't want to re-use a dirty cloth or rag over an area that has to be spotless, it's good to use paper towel for this type of job.The perforations are easy to tear from another; the towels are strong and absorbent; the rolls are huge and you don't run out quickly. Sometimes smaller rolls run out so soon that they're not the value they appear to be. The Bounty make for good everyday use. Highly recommended.
We have been using Bounty for years because they are durable and hold up well when cleaning up a mess. Even when the paper towels have a large amout of moisture on them, they stay together. They are great for when you are eating wings, though using a cloth napkins is more eco friendly. :)Before purchasing these paper towels you must consider the size and cost.  The rolls are huge and fit real snug in our paper towel holder, which make it difficult to take off paper towels, well at least until you get a few off.The cost. I can a better deal from local stores and coupons by at least 10 cents a roll. If you do not subscribe to receive the discount then you are looking at a 20 to 25 cents difference per roll
I love Bounty! This is by far, my favorite towel and my favorite size roll. I love the huge roll over the standard.
These paper towels are nice and sturdy and very absorbent. They don't fall apart like cheaper paper towels. Size-wise, some reviewers said that they wished the individual sheets were smaller so they could be more tailored to the task at hand but I thought the size was a good choice. As for the roll itself, it is indeed a big one - not too big for my dispenser but it does have a generous portion of towels on the roll.There is only one thing I don't like about these towels. When I am cleaning up something wet, even if it is water, it makes my hands feel sticky, like there is some sort of film or coating on the towels. I don't think it is my hands because I washed them before testing the towels again, and the same thing happened.Like I mentioned above, when the towels are wet they don't deteriorate, rip or shred up. Then when they dry out, assuming you cleaned up something like a water spill, you can actually use them again because they don't seem to lose any of their strength or absorbency.Amazon also advertises this product as being sent in \"frustration free packaging.\"  My 12 rolls arrived inside of a cardboard box that was very easy to open. The rolls themselves are packaged within soft plastic wrapping and then each roll is also individually wrapped. Everything is easy to open. I am not sure what the big deal is about \"frustration free packaging\" since these are just paper towels and really don't need a whole lot of protection for shipping. They are their own padding!Overall, this is an excellent paper towel except I have a question mark about how they make my hands feel sticky. Your mileage may vary on that one and maybe it's just me who is experiencing this trait.
What more do you need to say about Bounty - it's the thicker quicker picker uper!  Bounty has been around forever (well not forever but for decades!!)  It is one of the top brands and I've always bought it.So what's new with Bounty - it's the new larger rolls.  Each roll is equal to about 2 1/2 normal rolls (but the roll width is not quite double the size of a normal roll.)  Good news is a roll will take 2 1/2 times longer before running out.  The bad news is that it will be too large for some older paper towel holders.  For me that is not a problem.One thing to note for shipping is that the box it came in was very large and poorly taped.  One piece of tape across the top that was coming off.  Amazon, use a better quality tape or cross tape large boxes!
These are the biggest rolls of paper towels I have ever seen. Each sheet is so thick that you can dry your hands and then get it wet and use it to wash whatever you want. Does not fall apart or leave shreds like bargain paper towels. I love Bounty!
I have always figured that all paper towels work pretty close to the same and that you are paying more for the name than how well the paper towels work. Well, I have changed my mind. These are great!! They absorb so much that I am pretty sure that you would save money buy purchasing paper towels in which you use one towel instead of 4-5 for the same job. My 10-year old tried our old paper towels out on his head after hosing his hair off after playing outside (it was a fairly hot day). It took five sheets. Then he rewet his hair and was able to completely dry his hair with one sheet of the Bounty. I was impressed and hooked. Somethings are just worth spending the extra money on.
I have used bounty for years as I've found a lot of the cheaper paper towels fall apart in my hands when I'm using them. These are great and are more like rag than your normal paper towel. Very thick, durable, and reusable although honestly I don't reuse as much as I should.If you are looking for a rugged, heavy duty paper towel this would be great! If you just need a paper towel for light clean up jobs this might be a bit on the overkill side. Also, I wouldn't recommend if you have a paper towel holder you use a lot as they are really BIG rolls.
I was lucky enough to get these through the Vine program, but even the regular price of $12.99 is a great deal, and you get a ton of paper towels. Really not a lot more to say. The Bounty name kind of stands on its own.With the competitive price, the free shipping through Amazon Prime, I can definitely see shopping online for more household products like this in the future.
I have to say...these seem to be the 'king' of paper towels.  They're soft, durable, sturdy, absorbant.  In our home we try to use less disposable products like paper towels and more re-usable and washable products, but when we do purchase and use paper towels it's almost always Bounty because they just hold up and absorb so much better than the others out there.I've used one paper towel to clean up my daughter, her high chair and the floor all around her high chair after a messy spaghetti dinner - and that one paper towel held up great, I just kept rinsing and re-using it.  It was gentle enough to wash the sauce off my daughter's face and hands first, but sturdy enough to scrub the sauce off the floor at the end.I only wish their pricing were a bit better, but I do believe that as with most things you get what you pay for.  Buying in bulk does save you some money so it's worth-while if you go through a lot of paper towels to buy large packages like when you can.Over-all I definitely recommend these for anyone with normal every day spills and clean-ups to extra heavy-duty messes, these paper towels will always go the distance.
We prefer select a size, but Subscribe and Save did not have them for a while and we needed some paper towels.  I should have just run to SAMs instead of these big sheets which we end up tearing in half since they are too wide.
Paper towels all seem pretty much the same to me. Sure,  advertisements state claim that Brand A is sturdier and can soak up more liquid than Brand B -- followed by a short demonstration clip -- but, in practice, I've generally seen very little variance in performance  between store-brands and the name brands. The texture of these Bounty paper towels is different than the store brand, with the Bounty seeming more cloth-like. They certainly are less prone to falling apart, but to me this isn't worth a premium when I generally throw out the product within seconds of using it. If I'm doing heavy cleaning or cleaning a wide area, I generally use a sponge or a rag, both of which have are more durable and economical than even the strongest brand of paper towels. Thus, my rating really comes down to value: how much paper towel do I get for my money?The Bounty pack, as of today, costs $13 on Amazon for a total of 57.5 square meters of towel, or 22.6 cents/square meter. On the other hand, the store brand was $5 for 50.4 square meters, or 9.9 cents/square meter.Ultimately, for minor spills and cleanups, the store brand and name brand perform identically. For bigger messes, a sponge, mop or rag would prove to be more economical, perform better and hold up longer than any paper towels. I don't see any reason to pay twice as much for a slightly better product that gets thrown out nearly instantly. The higher price is mostly a reflection of the brand name, not a vastly superior or more useful product.
I got these through Amazon Vine, and they are the brand I typically buy.Not everything has to be a big decision.This one is a no-brainer.Mine seemed to come in frustration free packaging, which only made the whole experience easier.
I am impressed with this product. The rolls are very strong, absorb a lot of liquid and still remain strong. They are more expensive than ordinary ones, but you end up using less of the product, with less of dirty hands and spills. Amazon has good pricing, like Costco, and if you can pair it up with some other purchase to make it $25, its free shipping and great deal.
I'm only going with three out of five stars because as much as I love the size of these rolls, and the low price, paying shipping puts these paper towels over the edge of reasonable bulk purchases.If I could find them at a local store I would grab them, but not off Amazon. The product is great - huge roll of paper towels that lasts me about three times longer than normal. We usually rip the full size paper towels in half if we cannot find the pick a size, and this also helps make the product last longer.As far as the frustraition free packaging goes, the item comes in a box that is just big enough for the towels to slide down in. Great toy for cats. :)** UPDATE - 05 Sept 2010 **Now that these are part of the s&s; program, the cost is much more do-able!
The Bounty Huge Roll is a great product for people who like having a lot of paper towels on hand so that they have to buy paper towels only occasionally. The individual rolls of paper towels are very big; be careful if you have a small paper towel holder as these paper towels might be too big to fit the holder. The paper towels themselves are, of course, very absorbent as are all Bounty paper towel products. This product is great for those who like to have a store of paper towels on hand.
Bounty paper towels are akin to everyday products such asCharmin Ultra Soft 9 Large Rolls, 143 2-Ply Sheets per Roll (Pack of 4),Eveready Heavy Duty, 4 AA Batteries, and/orTide Powder Detergent, Original Scent, Case Pack, Two 120-Load Boxes (240-Loads).... they've been around for years because they manifest a high-quality product on which one can always depend.I use lots of paper towels. I cook from scratch almost every day. I have numerous pets in the home. I hate dust. On and on, the same as many of you. I used these towels and, compared to the ones that I normally acquire from the local dollar store, they are infinitely more durable and absorbent. In other words, you get what you pay for, at least you do when you're lucky.So my only issue is this: are paper towels a big enough domestic priority that I will spend the extra money for Bounty paper towels? In my case, no. My wife and I live pretty much from paycheck to paycheck so we have to economize on items like this. I also buy the cheapest paper plates and napkins and tolerate the shortcomings of such products. When I have a significant clean-up job, I use old washcloths and towels [that can be washed later or even thrown away] which are no longer nice enough serve their original purpose.In summary, here is my recommendation: if you are dealing with limited living space and you need a single item to perform multiple jobs [major clean-up, dusting, cleaning up your car, small spills, etc.], or if you're in a position to bear the higher cost of these first-class paper towels, then I can highly recommend them.
I'm a bulk buyer.  I admit that I do it for the value it represents, both in money and time.  AND right now, these Bounty Huge Rolls are a great deal.Timewise, I love that I can buy these --this current lot came via Amazon's Vine program, of course-- put them in the basement and not have to make multiple trips to the grocery store, lugging bulky paper towels to and from the car.  This is especially true as we don't use many and 12 of these huge rolls should last us a year.As for the size of the rolls, I think they're great.  Being positively stingy with my time, I don't have to refill so often and I appreciate that.  (I buy super sized TP as well because it annoys me to have to frequently refill :)As for Bounty Towels, I know there are cheaper brands per foot, but in our experience is isn't worth buying them.  For our spills, paint jobs, cat hairballs, etc., Bounty works better.  You can scrub, rinse, squeeze out, and reuse most of the time.  Which is definitely better than going through inferior towel after towel.As for shipping, mine came in a large box with a long piece of wadded up paper.  I don't know why the paper was there because the rolls are in a there own individual plastic cover, inside the larger plastic carrying cover, and it's unlikely that it could anything to protect the towels.  (The kids flattened the paper out and drew on it.  They are currently using the box as either a Tardis or a boat.)THE only thing I could think that could make this better is that they have a pick-a-size option.  Lets face it, some jobs are only half-a-sheet large, and we eco-frugal people only want to use the least we product we can.Pam T~
Bounty's Huge Roll Paper Towels cleans-up as promised. However, the greatest value appears to be with its HUGE size as the eight rolls are supposed to be an equivalent of twenty.The towel itself is gentle, but not as soft in comparison toVivathat we usually buy. Bounty seems stronger than most brands - holding its weight without tearing, while adding the ability to reuse sheets as necessary.Although this product may not fit in some paper towel holders, independently it does a great job.
Seriously, in my estimation, for the subscribe and save price (currently around $28), this big box of giant Bounty rolls is pretty reasonable in price with the added bonus of being delivered to your home. It does take up some space (in or out of the box) so you know, plan accordingly. Otherwise, it is what you probably already expect...tough paper towels that can pick up almost anything and dont tear easily. I estimate this box will last me about three to four months with daily use.
I was concerned that these \"huge roll\" towels wouldn't fit on one of my smaller paper towel holders, but they fit fine. Overall diameter of this double roll is 2\" larger than the Bounty regular roll - meaning only 1\" \"taller\" around each edge. If your towel holder fits a new roll with at least 1\" to spare, you'll be good with these.I have one towel holder that is a real bear to change (requires screwing the long dowel rod into the base, without seeing what's going on - dumb design!), so nice to know by installing these towels on that holder, I'll be dealing with the hassle less often.Towel quality is exactly the same as our old Bounty, which is great!
What can you say? Its bounty paper towels.  You get a large quantity of paper towels for a great price!  This is a great deal offered by Amazon.  These paper towels last so long.  I bought these a couple months ago, and I am still not through the box from Amazon.  If you have any qualms about this, don't worry.  You get the quality of Bounty and the customer service of Amazon.
Bounty is completely worth the price.  In fact, they are so durable you can use less and I am convinced that you actually save money in the long run over a value brand.  Amazon delivering bulk right to my front door saves the hassle of hauling these huge packages home from the store.  Gotta love the extra 15% off with subscribe and save too.
These Bounty paper towels are really the best I have used and I use a lot. I found they are tough enough to wash up my heavy cookware after use. I tried soaking up the same amount of spilled water with the paper towel I had in the kitchen and with the new bounty towel and the bounty did soak up twice the amount! Since I am such a klutz, I keep a roll of towels any where I use water even in the car. The package was packed very well, no problem there. I am so glad to see Amazon offers it in their Subscribe and Save service(my favorite) I will be ordering it though that service for even more value.Hate to rave about paper towels but when a product is good value in these days of lots of shoddy products on the market, it should be praised when praise is due.
Head and shoulders above the thin rolls I've been getting or, much worse, the towels made of recycled paper.
While there are many paper towels on the market and all will fulfill their purpose, when you do want that extra quality, Bounty remains the king. It is durable, pliable and you can feel its quality just using it. When money will allow, I usually will go for Bounty versus the store generic brand or some second tier brand.This particular item is for a 6 pack of double rolls. Each roll is 130 2-ply sheets which they are advertising, as a whole, all 6 rolls would equal 15 regular rolls. I am not sure how they came up with that math, but that's what it says. Generally, these kinds of gimmicky packaging to double the amount you get in one roll wears thin on me as I find it manipulative and usually, if you compare it, the pricing comes near the same. It started with toilet paper but has rolled over to paper towels now. If you have a paper towel holder, sometimes you have to be cautious because it just ends up being too thick for the holder.Despite these annoying little advertising quirks, Bounty quality is consistent and doesn't change my opinion about it. When it comes to paper towels, this the brand of choice.
Our family has long been in favor of using paper towels for a multitude of tasks. Even the finest dishrags and sponges can become unsavory and offensive to use. With a paper towel, you just throw it away.We tried cheap ones and expensive ones. The criteria are strength, softness, and absorbency. When doing a really messy job, you don't want the towel shredding itself in your hands. The towels inBounty Huge Roll, White, 6-Rolls [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging] are strong enough to hold together - even for washing dishes. (We saw that in the television commercial and didn't believe it until we tried it.)They are also soft, soft enough that they won't scratch a plastic or non-stick surface, even soft enough to wipe your face. (For little kids, sometimes a folded paper towel is a better choice than a napkin.)When it comes to absorbency, Bounty paper towels are without doubt the best. They will absorb huge amounts of liquid, after which you can wring them out and they are still absorbent. A crumpled Bounty paper towel packed in with fresh produce extends its freshness, as the towel absorbs the extra moisture that can cause limpness. You can use it to dry your hands and then use it to wipe up a spill.This shipment of giant size rolls is a special bargain because the giant rolls are often sold at reduced prices. They are convenient because you don't have to change the roll as often. [More towels and fewer cores means more value with less weight.] The only problem with the entire package is that the rolls were not individually wrapped, which means they can't be stored in the basement.
My wife and I discovered the joys of Amazon's subscription services for common household goods and have almost completely cut out trips to Target or the dreaded Wal-Mart save but for a few items.One of our regular purchases is paper towels and seeing Bounty \"Huge Roll\" available we jumped on board. Likely everyone has experience with Bounty paper towels. Yes, they are a bit better than generic brands. Bounty are super-absorbent, don't easily tear or disintegrate and you can get some extra mileage out of a single paper towel.I was disappointed though that this \"huge roll\" doesn't feature perforated half-sheets. Sure the roll is huge - barely fitting in my paper towel holder - but I frequently don't need an entire sheet. Having to cut or tear a paper towel in half myself is an extra hassle.Save yourself the troubles and find a different paper towel that does have half-sheets.Side note: I was pleased that these paper towels don't feature any type of pattern or dyes. Just plain, white towels.
Only one little problem - the rolls are so large that they would not fit on my roller (which is hanging underneath a cabinet).  But other than that, they work great.  They are very absorbent and hold together well even when wet.  In truth I wish the rolls were a bit smaller in size.  But size issues aside, I am pleased with how well they perform.
I use counter-top towel holders, not the hinge down kind, so they hold these BIG rolls just fine.  I keep the extra paper towels down in the basement laundry room, and anything to save running up and down the stairs is a bonus. The rolls seem to last forever.  One in the kitchen, one in the garage and another in the laundry room - and less refills needed.They're paper towels, on an extra-big roll, and they do the job. Cost per foot is less than regular sized rolls, so they cost less as well.  It's a win-win.
I am cheap by nature.  My grandkids say I can pinch a penny til there's no copper left in it (not that there's any there to begin with these days).  So believe me when I tell you that I have never held a sheet of Bounty in my hand til I opened my Vine newsletter and found I was offered a sampling of this product.  Now free is a price I'm imminently willing to pay and so to my door came this very big, very heavy (for a paper product) package of paper towells.  I have spent a week using them and after doing so feel that I owe the memory of Nancy Walker an apology.  She spent years telling me that Bounty was both the 'quicker picker upper' and retained it's strength for several uses...among other things.  I never listened.  I turned a deaf ear.  So...after the week...I found that every word she said was true.  For you newbies who have no idea who Nancy was all I can tell you is that I've tried every cheap towell in creation and they all fall apart and I have to use three or four to do what one of these paper wonders will accomplish.  I'm convinced that I could have been saving money all along.  As the Judge on People's Court is quick to point out...very often the cheap comes out expensive. Lesson learned.
There are some definite pluses and minuses about getting the Amazon six-pack of Bounty Paper Towels.  The upside is that the price is excellent and you get some really nice paper towels (I usually buy Bounty unless the store has something else on sale).  Let's face it: these are two major league reasons for getting this new product.There really is only one downside, and this one will not affect everyone.  The product arrives in a very, very, very big box.  I mean, a huge box.  If it is delivered at your home, you may not find this to be a problem.  I personally have problems receiving a big box.  I live in an apartment building and can't receive packages easily.  So I have a P.O. Box where I get packages.  It is hard for me to get large boxes home on the EL.  So I had to take them home one roll at a time.  I felt I should go into some detail about this because I'm sure others face the same situation that I do, where receiving packages is an issue.But if you can receive big packages and want paper towels at a great price, these could be just the thing for you.
There is not much to say about paper towels other than what comes from personal preference. And Bounty is mine. After trying the various rolls one after another, I have settled on Bounty.Tough and absorbent and reasonably priced. I can give special evidence of tough- I have seen them go through a wash & dry cycle- in a pocket, though- and still come out usable. A personal quirk is to save and reuse ones that have been through only moderate duty- it can really stretch a roll. The \"extra\" size is a distinct way to stretch the life of a roll as well, but I had to slightly modify one of my under-cabinet dispensers to accomodate them.Without having to bother with competing brands, except when I a visiting another household and have to endure an inferior product, I can say wholeheartedly: There is nothing but Bounty.
These are the same Bounty you expect, but with more more more! I do a lot of car detailing, parts de-greasing & cleaning, and cleaning around the house.  If you have big cleaning jobs this roll will keep you from having to go back and get another roll all the time. I hate to spend a lot on paper towels, and usually buying in bulk really helps save.These paper towels are densely wound on the roll, not just made to look big. Each roll is full and lasts a long time compared to cheaper options.
It's hard to wax rhapsodic about paper towels, but hard to get along without them.  These rolls really are huge, and the towels are sturdy.  I am sure they would qualify as industrial-strength.  If you are a user of paper towels, might as well go with the gold standard.
These are great paper towels at a good price.Each package contains 12 rolls of paper towels. Each roll is 137.7 square yards. There are 130 two-ply sheets per roll.The paper towels are sturdy and one goes a long way. I use them in my bathroom so people can wash their hands without using the same towel over and over again. One paper towel works fine. I also use them in my kitchen to clean up spills and also to dry an occasional dish or glass. In most cases one paper towel works.Occasionally I will \"save money\" by getting store brand single-ply paper towels and I just wind up using more than one sheet at a time. Considering the quality of these paper towels and the price I think I will \"save money\" by buying these more often.I also like the plain white color. I have never been one for decorative looking paper towels plus the plain while paper towels can be used to line plates in the microwave when cooking items like bacon.The 12 rolls take up a lot of space so you do need a place to store them.
I along with many others go for the cheapest brand out there or the one with the best price including sales or coupons.  If I have to double up or triple up it's usually worth it since the name brands are so much more expensive.  The single sheet can be reused and washed but with three kids and dog we find it hard to wash and reuse, due to the volume of messes cleaned.I will say that many may find it difficult to use existing holders due to the sheer size of this roll.  My wall rack works okay, but hangs out away from the wall much farther with such large rolls.I would probably buy this easy to open package of paper towels if I had a coupon and they were on sale.  They are durable but with the price of more economy towels at less than 1/2 the cost of these big rolls it's more economical to buy the cheaper towels and use cotton wash cloths that can be washed for the heavier spills and cleaning.
I only use 2 types of paper towels; Bounty and Viva, although lately I've been using more of the latter.  Since I hadn't used Bounty in awhile, I couldn't pass up an opportunity to try the Bounty huge roll.  They certainly weren't kidding about it being a \"huge\" roll.  It arrives in an enormous cardboard box, at least 5 feet in length.Inside the box are 8 huge rolls.  Each roll is about 6.5\" in diameter, and comprises 130 two-ply quilted sheets with about 9.5 square meters of Bounty goodness.  By comparison, the regular Bounty single rolls that one can purchase at the local supermarket comprise 52 two-ply quilted sheets.So are these gigantic Bounty rolls worth it?  Yes, I do believe there is a volume discount in effect here.The Amazon price is $16.99 for (8 x 130 sheets), or about 1.6 pennies per two-ply sheet.At my local Harris Teeter this past week, the sale price for a single Bounty roll was $1.33 for 52 sheets, or about 2.5 pennies per two-ply sheet.I don't have a Costco or other warehouse membership, so I unfortunately can't check the pricing there.However, if you are the type of individual or family who goes through paper towels like mad, then this Bounty mega huge gynormous roll is definitely worth your attention.  Combined with the 15% off subscribe and save, the price/two-ply sheet is driven even further down, to about 1.3 pennies!
There are definitely some times I really love being in the Amazon Vine program, and this would be one of the top times since paper towels were on my grocery list. I use Bounty products regularly anyway, but when it comes to paper towels I usually go for cheaper brands because they're a little expensive. I'm actually quite surprised at the regular price of these paper towels considering the quality. I used one paper towel, and I've used it to dry my hands, dry a counter, drain vegetable oil off my soy turkey slices and pick up crumbs. Surprisingly, the paper towel is still in good use. Just one sheet of these paper towels is like carrying around a blanket. I'm curious how long it'll take me to use the entire pack, but I doubt it'll be anytime soon. Bounty outdid itself with this product. Kudos.Update: It is now October 24, and I still have two half-rolls left, which make up one huge roll. I have never had paper towels last this long so I bought another set. Who knows how long it'll take me to finish these last two rolls though.
Like some of the other reviewers, I usually buy Kirkland paper towels at Costco. The Bounty towels are every bit as good as the ones from Costco, but are in my opinion, a bit softer and more absorbent than the Kirkland towels.  Another reviewer gave a good Kirkland vs. Bounty Huge Roll breakdown on cost per towel.  I agree with their conclusions - and to get a great product delivered to my home, and avoid the sales tax (and the standing in line!) at Costco is a great incentive to buy the Bounty towels from Amazon.I am very happy with these towels, and since the price is comparable to Costco, will order them again.
There are 130 towels - 2ply per roll - Reg Bounty [and many others] hav abt 52 sheets - ave. cost stores:  $1.19 and over. Ordering the 8 cnt as offered by Amazon and going to the Subscribe and Save - 6mos apart and one is getting this Quality product for approx. $2.24 per roll - HUGE Rolls - Big Box over $2.75 per [HUGE] roll and rising.As to storage - they come in original mfg. carton - which will sit on closet floor w/shoes on top.Some say no difference in brands of towels - well we beg to differ - try forgetting any other brand than Bounty in pockets - wash and dry and with this brand - [only Bounty]  U have NO lint/NO shredding/NO tearing. One can even use again!************************************With 4 person Household with Sinus and other allergies - this is a mainstay as important at Peanut ButterHave used nothing but Bounty since they first hit the market many years ago - Packed in kids lunch pails - folded as hankies - as sons got older they rec'd warnings - Don't let us see U using to wash your cars - at that time very expensive.This a terrific buy - prefer full sized to the select-a-size.If left in jeans - the only Ppr towels that will withstand washer and dryer coming out intact/Also Purchased as An early [very early] C'mas gift for back to college bound Junior now in 'off campus' housing.along with:Charmin Basic 9 Large Rolls, 253 1-Ply Sheets per Roll (Pack of 4) 36 rolls total -This along w/Bounty Huge Roll 6pk [$12.99] Amazon SaleBounty Huge Roll, White, 6-Rolls [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging]are a great 'Welcome to the REAL world' for this occassion.After shopping all Big Box stores as the P&G; specials all around but have so many gimmick tags as in buy 4 or ......... this was definitely the best buy.Went the Basic 1 ply instead of Mega in case 'room-mates' need to 'borrow' -The MEGA Charmin Ultra strong [ordered for us] is an excellent Amazon buy also - $17.99 [sale]Charmin Ultra Strong 6 Mega Rolls 352 2-Ply Sheets per Roll, (Pack of 3) equals 18 rolls / a $1.00 per roll .........way cheaper than closest BIG BOX prices and no waiting for sales.Add Amazon's excellent service - click a few keys and U have within a week or so.
This has always been my favorite paper towel!  It is very heavy duty, soft, comfortable, reusable, and worth every penny.  If you try and compare any other paper towels against Bounty they're all going to lose either in quality, absorbency and in many a case final end costs for total usage.  Even the closest competitor (you know the axeman in the red flannel) can't really compare.  What makes Bounty the best, most absorbent, and sturdy paper towel around and now even better is the increase in the roll size (although I could swear that years ago this increased size was the regular size way back when) and the fact that you can get a discount on great prices with a subscription with loose terms, no tax in most states, and free shipping if you make the $25.00 mark or are a Prime member.I use Bounty mainly for cleaning but I also feel safe enough to soak this paper towel and place it over food in a microwave (cover in plastic wrap) to steam things back to life.  It is great for soaking oil from fried foods and can also be used for straining certain liquids.  Thank you Bounty!!  You always come through for whatever I've needed you for and its all because of the quality product you produce.  I am cleaning everything in the house with these towels and even use it for washing my car.This large sized roll is much handier and isn't in the least affected by a stand up holder. The 8 pack (and other sized packs depending on your needs) is perfect to last until the next shipment if you subscribe. The rolls are 11 inches tall and are 6 inches in diameter.  The entire 8 roll pack (equivalent to 20 regular rolls) measures 11 inches tall by 12 inches deep by 24 inches wide.  The box it ships in is a bit bigger but not ridiculously large like another reviewer claimed.  The box it ships in is maybe 2.5 to 3 feet wide by 30 inches across by 12 inches deep.  Don't pay mind to other reviewers with VIVID imaginations about box size.  The shipping box is NOT an issue with this sized product and seems reasonable since Ammy can't store a bazillion different box sizes for shipping.I highly recommend Bounty paper towel due to the quality, absorbency power, strength 
I have used a store brand paper towel for years that was reccommended to us.  I thought they were the Best ever until Amazon Vine sent me the Bounty Paper towels!  I compared what I have been using to the Bounty.  1.  The Bounty Roll is twice the size in diameter.  2.  Bounty Paper towels are so much more absorbent than my regular brand.  3.  Bounty paper towels are soft and I thought my regular brand was soft.  4.  With Bounty I use 1 sheet and I have to use 2 sheets of my regular brand to clean up a spill.  I have found myself not throwing away the Bounty sheet if I wash my hands and then dry them because it is dry enough to use another time or two.  I find using Bounty Paper towels is more cost effective than using my other brand.  In this economy this is another way to save money!  Thanks Amazon Vine!
One can debate the \"greenness\" of paper towels v/s cloth/sponges for most applications (I prefer cloth). But there are occasions where you want to use something disposable - paper towels fill that need.  And among that this product is certainly among the best, if not the best.  The price differential per sq. ft with store brands (even at the discounted price shown here) is quite significant and one needs to evaluate if the convenience of fewer roll changes (is it really that a laborious process?) and the potential minor but perceptible quality is worth it. The product itself is good - it is the price point (per sq ft) that is preventing from a hearty endorsement.  Luckily my holder fits this super-sized roll...so, no additional investment there.  Overall, a good product if you can find it at a reasonable premium to store brand (or even compared to the regular size roll of same brand).
My wife and I have used the oversize Bounty towels for years. They work very well for a host of kitchen tasks, such as wiping the counter, soaking excess oil off foods cooked in oil, and serving as napkins or dishtowels. The absorbent quality and ease of use can't be beat.You can purchase a stand to place a roll on, and then easily tear off a sheet at a time using just one hand. We have one in our kitchen, and it does not take up too much counter space.Bottom line: These work great.Shop for price. I buy these at my local Costco for twenty dollars. However, I go to Costco at least once a week to buy all kinds of items, so the reviews speaking about how ordering through Amazon saves a trip to Costco do not apply to me. But if you rarely go to Costco, then the convenience of ordering through Amazon might be worth the extra cost to you.Update March 8, 2012: The current price at my local Costco is twenty-one dollars and forty nine cents, but there are periodic coupon sales for two dollars off that price.
My wife and I have used, at one time or another, all the major brands of paper towel, but Bounty is by far the best.  The paper towels are thicker and stronger and don't fall apart when immersed in water like other brands.  They're great for picking up small spills, light dusting of delicate objects. counter-top once-overs, and even the residue from a dog with an upset stomach.  We have rolls of Bounty all over the house -- in the kitchen, the bathrooms, the basement, and the garage.  They always come in handy.  I'm especially pleased with this multi-pack because the rolls are extra long.  When you're heavy users of paper towels, as we are, it's a nuisance to replace rolls endlessly.  Because the Bounty rolls are bigger and it takes fewer sheets per use due to their sturdiness, these rolls are economical and seem to last forever.  They are easily the best buy for the money.  If there's a downside, it's that the large rolls may not fit many paper powel dispensers, but that's a minor inconvenience when the towels themselves are so efficient and economical.
First thing off is that I think Bounty paper towels are the best.  I have tried others but not with the same results as what you get from this product.  It's just to nice not to have the paper towel fall apart as soon as you start using it.As for the bigger rolls, I love them.  Price isn't bad and you really do get what you pay for.  The bigger rolls and packaging seem to not take up as much room in storage as the smaller rolls and yes I admit I can be lazy at times and growl when I have to change the rolls out of the holder more often because of the smaller size.  Well now I don't have to worry about that.  Ahh........., something to be said for making life much easier.For those of you who know and love the Bounty quality, you will love the bigger rolls also.  Quality at it's best in a larger size.  YAY!
I have to admit that I use a lot of paper towels.  They are a good way to keep things clean in my home kitchen as well as spills and pet accidents.  However, like many other people I try to use public transportation whenever it is practical.  I go grocery shopping several times a week and it's not a problem getting on a bus with my two, fully packed, reusable cloth grocery bags.  The biggest problem has been with bringing home bulkier items, especially big packages of paper towels or toilet paper.  That why I was so glad to see Amazon carrying this item.The price is very competitive and as a Amazon Prime member I get my towels in 2 days with no charge for shipping.  My UPS guy told me that when he saw the huge box he was dreading carrying it up my stairs until he picked if up and saw how light was.  The box for the higher roll count package is HUGE!This is the same brand of towels that I was buying at the store before I started getting them from Amazon.  They are tough and absorbent, much better than the generic rolls.  I prefer the \"Select a Size\" rolls but I don't see them available here yet.  I have set up a regularly scheduled order for these towels.  It couldn't be easier or more convenient for me.  I am trying to cut back on my use of them for environmental reasons, but while I am still using them I will buy them here.
These are great paper towels; just the right size and consistency. The larger roll still fits in my paper towel dispenser yet has a lot more towels so I don't need to change rolls often at all.My only complaint is that the first towel on the roll is glued down and you sometimes end up ripping it to get the roll started.If this pak is priced competitively, it can represent a good value since there is a lot more per roll than what you normally find.
OK, this is a weird one. Review of a paper towel? Well I may (or may NOT?) have found uses for this product over the years that some may find weird? Have 2  now old cats (Lucy & Ethel) that get into a lot of trouble, cause spills, get sick a lot so I use these for cleaning up after them and the part I like best is the towel holds together, even rubbing into the carpet with chemicals like Resolve or other carpet cleaning chemicals. The paper does not start shredding like other brands I have used.OK, now the bathroom. I use these in place of even a good sponge since these work better as a scratch free yet tough on soap scum tool than even the sponge. Easier on the glass & tile than scotch-brite pads too. Using these towels on glass & mirrors is better as well since I don't get streaks and the paper doesn't leave lint all over the mirror when done. It's kind of weird but if my tub hasn't gone too long between cleanings, I even use it on it when done cleaning the tile. OK, so I'm cheap!The garage. I most recently used this towel to scrub tar stains off my Ocean Kayak after surfing in it. Which brings me to a little story. Now, if you other men are \"pigs\" as my wife sometimes calls me depending on her mood combined with whatever \"oops\" I have done while working on one of my motorcycles.....this towel is for you. As an example. Last week I was changing the oil for the 1st time on a new little Honda 150CC scooter I just bought. I took off the oil fill (dipstick) and set it aside. Then I looked at how tough it was going to be to get the drain plug out with the STUPID placement of it over the center stand. So I whipped out my manly genius type brain and decide to do a brilliant thing....just set the scooter up against the garage wall and leave the stand UP! Brilliant and it ended up working perfectly too. Oh, except for one \"little\" detail. When I walked the scooter over to that wall? Well, I propped it up and got it balanced just right. Looked at it and was SO proud of myself! Turn to go get my wrenches and get under the bike and what do I see? Oh yeah, when I left that oil dipstick out almost ALL the oil leaked out from that fill hole when I was leaning the bike over & moving it to that wall. Can you guess? Yep. Bounty paper towels to the rescue again. Strange thing this time though. The wife was so busy laughing at me she never even yelled, punched me or even threatened me as usual. She just wandered back into the house, telling Lucy & Ethel to stay away cuz \"Daddy is fixing stuff again\"....So, pigs everywhere unite. THIS is the tool you need. If like myself, you are over 60 years old and your thinking sometimes gets a bit \"foggy\", this is just the tool to clean away the mess. And even if you aren't, this towel can just about be used for any purpose you can think of. It's also WAY cheaper from Amazon, especially if you use the SUBSCRIBE & SAVE Program. My wife saves about 20-25% over Wal-Mart or Costco this way. And as you may have guessed by now, she stocks up....
We usually buy Bounty at the grocery store in 2-packs or once in a while in the 8 pack of much smaller rolls.  Never again,  This big pack of jumbo rolls is just terrific!  Bounty has been our paper towel of choice for many, many years now and this size roll and packaging is a very economical way to get what you need.My husband does quite a bit of cooking and baking - he is a self-taught home chef - and he really like the softness, absorbency and durability of Bounty paper towels.I don't think he could cook without them!  That would make me very sad!
Since my wife's been out of work, we'd been trying to save some money so we were getting generic paper towels for a while now.  When I spotted these, I decided to order them to surprise her.  I know, I know, you're thinking it was a lame \"gift\" and yes I do get her flowers so I'm not sleeping on the couch on a regular basis, but sometimes it's the minor luxuries in life that bring a smile to someone's face.We have three doggies and end up with a lot of messes.  I hate to sound like a commercial, but we tried the generics and they just didn't cut it cleaning up on carpet.  They worked OK on the kitchen floor, but it sometimes takes several sheets to soak up spills.  However, these paper towels are much stronger and just don't shred easily even when you rub them really hard.  They do feel cloth like when they're damp and are reusable to a point, but realistically you won't be washing them and leaving them out to dry, so you probably only care about how much you get.The picture doesn't do justice to just how big this package really is.  They're not kidding when they say these 12 rolls are equal to about 30 normal rolls.  You get a LOT of towels.  Sheets are pretty big so you might need to tear one in half for small jobs.  My only actual concern might be if you had a small paper towel holder; a roll might be to fat to fit.  I've never had that problem myself.  They fit fine in all my stuff.To sum it up, they're absorbent, durable, plentiful, and a good deal.  I have a life, so I can't get too worked up about paper towels, but Bounty is a name brand and I know whenever we do get them they do a good job for us.  You'll pay a bit more than generics, but you get a better product and depending on your usage you might even save money because stuff lasts longer.  Anyway, good deal, great product, I'd recommend.
I normally buy the cheap paper towels at a discount shoppers club, and I shop by lowest price.I gave these Bounty rolls five stars because, as a product, they have no obvious flaws.  They didn't do anything better (or worse) than the cheapest paper towels I can buy.  The roll certainly looks bigger and fluffier than a cheap roll, but that made no difference in my day to day usage of the towels.There is one difference between these and cheaper towels actually.  My cats love to shred the cheaper rolls completely into ribbons, but they barely destroyed the first few layers of towels on these rolls.
As bounty has always advertised it is the \"quicker picker upper\". These towels do the job better than the bargain brands. I see no problems here with these paper towels. They are full size and thickness. I recommend them highly.
This is the best of the rolls I have used. The amount per roll is great and the ability to rip half size actually makes this a bargain.
I was hoping to find a zero point energy wand at a low price that worked for me. I did not experience benefit from this product, but it is possible that it was damaged in transit. Mr. Gilson gave me a full refund, even called to speak with me. Reliable seller.
I got this as a friend who is a healer uses one. I've tried it a few times and don't notice anything with it. My friend said you can feel the charge well I don't feel anything. Just my opinion not sure what it is supposed to do. It was an impulse buy.
My husband took this to work at a nuclear power plant and it registered as having radiation so I called to speak to someone who makes these and he said it could do that. I gave mine away. My Husband has not been able to get his back from the plant.If anyone knows what the benefit is, or if there is research on how it works, please forward that info to me. thanks
I have tried other wands for reiki with not muck luck. With this wand I felt the energy go through it, adn those I have used it on noticed the energy also. It is the best wand I have. I highly recommend.
i got these to use on our meridian points and i also use it on my dog to keep the anal glands open.  it really works.  they are a little lighter in weight then another one that my mom gave me, so i don't know if that makes a difference. hers was a lot more money as well.
I wish I had looked at Amazon before EBAY; I'm finding Ebay increasingly obsolete compared to Amazon.com.Anyway, this was such a good experience; the seller is very good and so is the product.  My animals (dogs and cats) don't want to leave the wands alone; they are literally drawn to them and will lie down on them; always a good sign.I'm using this one regularly and can feel the energy shift.  I'm gifted at energy healing and think this wand is very, very useful.  I'll be ordering some more for family now.I will also never buy from 'Reliable Treasures' as they have posted so many bogus attack reviews against this and other sellers and also bogus 5 star reviews for themselves. IT's shameful.  Thankfully, Amazon is removing them as they are reported.
Great product and it came on time!! Will buy from this company again. i use it for knee pain and it comes with instructions on how to use with water and how to use on pain.
Bought this as a gift for my buddy and he loved it. A week into using and it is still performing flawlessly, even in strong wind. It may not be the sleekest or most fancy lighter out there but for the money and functionality, I would recommend this to anyone!
Works perfectly.  I have lit many cigars now and this lighter never fails.  I also use a high quality butane.
Thus far this JetLine New York Black Triple Flame Torch Lighter is working as advertised. The item itself has a nice solid feel to it.  Provided the tank is filled, the lighter lights up on first push.  It provides a strong (and so far reliable) triple flame.  Admittedly, at $14.99 (December 2013), my expectations are limited (just about every cheap or moderately priced lighter appears to have a ridiculously limited lifespan.)  I use this pocket torch customarily to light up my (inexpensive) pipes, while taking an evening stroll with the dog (under windy circumstances.)  Granted, it shoots three torch-like flames, which exceeds by far the fire power required to light my pipe.  But, with bit of caution (i.e. with proper aim and distance, not to burn one&#8217;s fingers, torch the pipe bowl, or instantly annihilate the tobacco), it works for me.  Consequently, after a month of operation, I have no reason but to give the lighter a perfect review.
I've only had it a short time - but has performed flawlessly and has a great triple flame.  No problem lighting cigars - large storage tank and window is great to know how much butane is left.
The flip top has a little mirror on the inside of it so you can see the tip of the cigar as you light it.  Great idea!
Product started working properly and then after the fifth use the flame lost strength and it has never worked well since then.
I wanted to just add a random lighter to my growing collection, but this exceeded expectations. It lights everytime with a healthy triple flame.  This is now my go to lighter over much more expensive competition.
This looks very nice.  Maybe someday I will purchase it, but probably not.  Give it a try and let us know how you like it.
I had tried soaps, pyrethrin, neems...freaking aphids kept coming back and destroying my roses. I knew that permethrin lotion is used for conditions in people (like scabies) and that they use it in flea dips for dogs. It is relatively safe for people and pets, though I believe not so great for cats. Anyway, the stuff works. One application and goodbye aphids (also killed the mosquitoes!) You do have to be careful about using this stuff. Aphids can build up resistance to it, so I will only spray once a year with this, and supplement with neem oil the rest of the time. Also, it seems to have not affected the population of beneficial insects in our garden (i.e. bees, butterflies, dragonflies, earthworms, lady bugs, etc).
We use this on the inside dogs. It is part of
i use it as a garden spray it works well and stays on for a while like any pesticide you have to be careful it will kill a dog or cat so use with caution
does what permethrins are supposed to do.  no problems mixing or dispersing.  use according to directions and be careful (i wear nitrile gloves all the time).
Works as advertised. It is really concentrated, a little goes a long way. I was treating clothes for an Africa trip and poured the excess diluted mixture across my driveway at the garage door. No bug problems in Africa and no bugs in my garage.
I'm completely rewriting this review and updated my rating from 3 to 5 stars because this is a safe, effective, and inexpensive insecticide. The first time I only used it at low concentration throughout the house and front yard. I used a spot treatment of a different insecticide on my dogs backs. One of my dogs was still scratching like crazy (and I was still getting bitten on the lower part of my legs) so I only gave this product 3 stars. On more careful reading of the booklet that came with this insecticide, I realized it provided instructions for soaking the dog's fur down to the skin in a solution of it at various concentrations. I also learned that this is the same active ingredient used in lice and scabies medicated creams for people. Those products for people are astronomically expensive, I would guess because of expenses related to FDA approval and more importantly being able to afford lawyers to defend against lawsuits. I had reason to believe I myself was infected with scabies (or the dog equivalent since  they sleep in my bed with me), so carefully mixed this into a lotion to create a 5% solution. Luckily for me I have enough scientific training and a scale accurate enough to figure out the correct proportions of lotion and insecticide. Now knowing that the insecticide would be unlikely to harm me, I sprayed the whole house and front yard with a 2% solution and also soaked both dogs at that concentration (which is higher than the label recommends) and put the 5% solution on myself. I also soaked couches, chairs, and my bed with the 2% solution. A week later, I repeated the process, except I increased the dose on my dogs to 5% and tied a towel around their necks to stop them from licking the insecticide off until 8 hours later when I washed it off of them.. All this is far beyond what the label says is safe, however, I suffered no ill effects other than temporary stinging on softer skin areas. At first, it felt as though I was still being bitten and I developed an intensely itchy rash of bites behind my knees. After a few weeks, all bites, sores, and other markings possibly from fleas or scabies on myself completely cleared up. I'm not being bitten anymore by anything. Outside, I ended up killing a bunch of wasps I wasn't even aware were out there. Inside, I killed all the houseflies as well as, I'm sure, any unseen fleas and other insects or bugs.Unfortunately, the one dog that was intensely itchy that prompted me to do all this is still just as itchy a few weeks later. I have to think his problem is not fleas but an allergy to something else. I don't know, but given how low priced, safe and effective this insecticide is, it deserves 5 stars.
The product seems fine, but some of it leaked out in shipment.  The shipper had put some clear packaging tape over the caps, so they obviously know this is an issue with the packaging.  they should have used grey tape to really hold the caps in place.  They offered to ship us a new one if we shipped the leaked one back (at our own expense); that would not be worth it.  I suspect they know that will be the reaction of most customers.
I was having a serious flea problem in the house and repeated application from pest control was not solving the problem. Then I realized that two possum were living underneath my deck and they were bring the fleas with them. So first I got animal control to get rid of the possum. After that I sprayed a mixture of permethrin (adulticide) and IGR (insect growth hormone) on my deck and underneath it liberally. I also sprayed the whole house. Since then I have seen only two flea in the entire house. However since the life cycle of a flea is around 6 weeks, I have to keep applying the solution over a two month period but I have a good feeling that by the end of two month I will have the house rid of flea. After that I will be applying the solution every three months. Now I don't need to call pest control and pay them $90 per treatment (upto 4 treatments a year = saving of $360). I can do the same for less than $50. I am extremely happy with the product. My word of advice is first determine what is causing the flea problem Normally they are carried by some animals in the house (though in my case it was possums) then apply the solution other wise it will be of little use. Secondly the solution has a petroleum base so it has a strong gasoline smell. If any member of your house has asthma or breathing problem keep them out of the house for atleast 4- 6 hours for the solution to dry up. By them the smell will disappear. Also if you spray it on vinyl floor make sure you mop it up else it will feel sticky to your feet.Pros: Super effective along with IGR.Cons; Strong Gasoline smell, feels sticky on vinyl floor.
There are multiple cats and dogs in my household, and invariably in the summer I notice fleas coming into my house later in the season. I mixed up some of this stuff and it killed them dead. It will leave a sticky residue on vinyl floors although that rinse off. The stuff is powerful, potent and works really well. I can attest it kills bugs outside as well. Good stuff, just use gloves when handling and mix it up carefully. The mixed product does have a bit of an oily odor, although this disappears pretty quickly. Kills insects dead. Good product, good price.
I use this to spray my two homes and yards each summer, usually once a month, and we have no fleas ticks, flies etc.  This stuff works better than anything else I have tried.  I spray my dogs with it too, half the dilution I use in the yard. has a slightly industrial smell but it goes away quickly once it dries.  You can spray your clothes with this to repel mosquitoes! It works!
I've been using this stuff exclusively for 4 years.  I bought the quart size and because it dilutes one ounce per gallon, I have been using it on all my neighbors homes too.  My neighbor is a doctor and he noted that this is the stuff he used to use in children's heads for lice infestations.  It is safe and nothing kills insects as good as this stuff.  It seams like this is the only stuff billy the exterminator uses these days.  It is real cool when you see the black widows dieing for days after the application.  If they walk through the area after spraying, they will die too.  I just bought a gallon, it should last me and all my neighbors a decade.  We have spider problems around here, so it is a good idea to treat as many homes close to you as they will let you.  This stuff will simply kill any insect around with no odor.  Don't get the generic version, it smells bad I'm told.
With the heavy rains from spring, we were literally under attack by mosquitos at my rural home. My poor dog was refusing to even go outside any more. He used to love to lay around in the morning under a tree and watch over his domain. No more. After I got bit in the face for the third time, I vowed all out war! This stuff was the answer. Between that and trimming low hanging branches, my mosquito problem has almost disappeared. We see one here and there, but I'm sure after I apply one more time, they'll be gone for the rest of the season. My dog is thrilled...lol. An added bonus happened while I happened to be out spraying. I ran across a newly developed yellow jacket nest in the ground. Loads of activity. I sprayed heavily in the vacinity to knock down the numbers. Went back an hour later at dusk and got it into the hole. The next day, all we're dead. No more problem. Also, ants have disappeared. Absolutely will be using this again. I did use a slightly heavier ratio than recommended.  Update: it's been three weeks, and I still haven't seen a skeeter. We even had a late night fire in the pit and we only had one show up. It was so wonderful. My dog doesn't want to come in anymore. He is so happy he can be outside again.
I guess summertime in Alaska isn't a fair testing ground for this stuff. I think our mosquitos would use this as an apertif after sucking your blood til you pass out. I did find it effective in keeping all the black gnats and flies off our Petunias.Maybe I should drink more  before I go outside.
Very easy to use.  I have a 12 gallon sprayer that I pull behind my mower and I used the whole bottle.  We had a big time problem with Box Elder Bugs.  I sprayed the house as well as the tree and surrounding area.  I have not seen a bug since.
I use this for Squash Bugs and Greater Peach Tree Borer preventative.  Squash bugs are hard to kill, but this stuff seems to do the trick.  GPTBorer - mix up according to directions (1.66 oz per gallon) and drench the bottom 18&#34; of trunk and around the base of the tree to kill any Borer eggs that have been laid.  Apply from every 3 weeks from July 1 to Sep 15 (central Utah region).
Problem:  My next door neighbor owned two big dogs that lived in his chain link fence when he decided purchased a new house. The dogs were not cared for in the meticulous sense.  They had fleas and diseases.  He had to rent out the home next to me. When his tenants arrived, they encountered an infestation inside the house and out. They got rid of the dogs (poor dogs). They began to drop sulfur and hundreds to thousands of fleas decided to make a run for it.Solution:  In steps this bottle of Permethrin SFR. I diluted according to chart provided and began to make a line of defense with my sprayer on my side of the property.  It took a couple of treatments before I no longer noticed any fleas. This is providing a decent barrier between our homes.  I highly recommend this product if you are in a similar situation.  I still have 3/4 bottle left after making a several barrier sweeps on 11,000 sq ft of property.Update: I sprayed my lawn on a Thursday evening.  By Sunday morning... no fleas to be found. I will spray later this week to catch the delayed larva from the adults, but this stuff flat out works!
After a comment from a reader, I thought I should add the disclaimer that this product is not formulated or intended to be applied to your skin or clothing. Having a some knowledge about the chemistry involved, I'm comfortable with ignoring the previous fact. I can't recommend what I'm doing to anybody else, I'm simply reporting my experience with this product. That being said...I bought this product to use primarily as insect repellant. I noticed that Permethrin, the active ingredient in this product is the active ingredient in many popular and expensive insect repellants that are being sold for as much as $12 for a 16 ounce bottle at stores like Cabelas and Bass Pro Shops. Permethrin is not just a repellant, but it kills just about any insect or arachnid that comes into contact with it. The repellants sold at the sporting goods stores have a concentration of .5%. This one quart bottle of 36.8% permethrin will make between 64 and 80 32-ounce bottles of the same repellant being sold for $12 for 16 ounces. Additionally, this concentrate can be mixed in various dilutions that are appropriate for killing bugs by spraying them directly, or even using as a flea and tick wash for your dog. A word of caution here... DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT ON CATS, FISH or AMPHIBIANS. YOU WILL KILL THEM IN A HURRY!!!I tried this product out as a repellant today when I went out to mow my my 12 acre yard and two smaller yards for my neighbors. In the past, even when dousing myself with Deep Woods Off, I'd finish the day with more than a few bug bites and often find a tick or two stowing away on my clothing. I mixed one tablespoon of concentrate into a 32 ounce spray bottle and treated my clothing liberally with the product. After six hours of continuous mowing, much of it in tall grass, brambles, Russian Olives and other trees, I finished my job without a single bug bite, and I found no ticks anywhere on my body or clothing.Additionally, we've used this to spray around and under our deck and the mosquito population seems to have all but vanished, despite this being an unusually wet year so far.This is going to turn out to save a significant amount of money over the options I've resorted to in past years, and it appears that it is going to be more effective as well. This looks to be one of the better buys I've made on Amazon in my ten years as a dedicated shopper, and I highly recommend this product to anybody looking for an inexpensive repellant and bug killer, as long as they aren't planning on using this near cats or fish, that is.
This stuff works here in the Clearwater area of Florida. I had sod webworms by the zillions but after three months all I have are my neighbors flying in every now and then. It takes that long to kill them because of life cycles bla bla bla. Oh, did I mention I  I don't have any other bugs in my St. Augustine grass? The problem I have now is not having some good bugs like lady bugs to control scale insects. No kidding.
This product is easily diluted 50:1 to create a perfect solution for spraying on outdoor clothing (shirts, pants, socks, etc.) and is effective against mosquitoes, ticks, and fleas, all of which can carry very serious diseases that infect humans, including malaria which is in 25 states and various organisms like those responsible for Lyme disease and plague. I use a one gallon pump garden sprayer to apply it thoroughly and it will last through 50 washings.Much better to put an insecticide on clothing than a product like DEET directly on large portions of your body. With the clothing treatment I need to only apply Picaridin to my hands, neck, and face to have 100% deterrence.You can buy shirts and pants that have already been treated but at an additional cost of $10-15 per item. Much cheaper to buy the permethrin and apply it yourself to any clothing you want to wear.Someone mentioned cats and I would not use anything that could get on their coats and be licked off and ingested. But then I would never let a get go outside to kill a bunch of birds and then back into the house with the fleas and ticks it has picked up from the local wildlife the cat missed.
My toddler constantly wants to use Daddy's electric toothbrush, and loves turning it on and brushing his own teeth with it.  So we got him this one (which we figured would be lighter and smaller).  It's cute, and he likes to put it in his mouth and gnaw on it, and to push the button.The main negative for us is that it doesn't stay on once you press the button.  You have to hold the button down (which is not that easy) the entire time to make it work.  My 18 month old cannot possibly coordinate these movements.  He can push it down when it's not in his mouth, but to hold it in his mouth and hold the button down is not happening (unlike with daddy's brush).  I try to have him hold it in his mouth while I push, but he gets frustrated as he wants to do it himself.Might be ok for an older kid.  But this one's not working for us, as a real toothbrush at least.
My 2 yr old loves electric toothbrushes like mommy and daddy so these have been a great purchase. For the price, they work well and I like that I can just replace the whole toothbrush as needed seeing he seems to think this can be used to wash the walls too. Lol.
Our toddler is now brushing his teeth and we regard it a good habit and try to encourage it in a variety of ways. One is letting him use a bubble gum flavored toothpaste which he loves. Yech! I can't stand it but he loves using it so, what the hey. More recently my wife discovered a \"Spinbrush for Kids. It's a battery-powered tooth brush decorated in the style of Thomas the Train. He also loves trains, I might add. He immediately took to the brush and found it easy to operate. He now stands in the bathroom brushing his teeth and looking so proud. It's cute. I'm not certain how good he is at it, but his teeth look bright and clean. We'll see how it goes with his first visit to the dentist. I'm not looking forward to it. We have enough trouble with the doctor's office where they stick needles in him.Gary Peterson
Pros:* Clean teeth better than a manual brush can* Batteries are replaceable (2 AAA)* Large, easy on/off switch (much easier than the adult Spinbrushes which get slippery if they get a little toothpaste on them)* Cute design makes brushing funCons:* Toothbrush heads aren't replaceable* The screw to unlock the battery compartment is tiny -- you need a small screwdriver such as those from eyeglass repair kits* The screws can be very hard to turn as they can get rusty/stuck from water and toothpaste and the tiny screwdrivers offer no leverageI would rate this product 5-stars if the heads could be replaced as with the adult Spinbrushes. I guess the plus-side of it is you have a cute mechanical brush to clean your grout and get at the little corners of your baseboards when it's no longer fit for teeth.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Note for pet owners: We recently started using these to brush our dogs' teeth and saw immediate improvement. It only took a couple of sessions for them to get used to electric toothbrushes and their teeth are much cleaner for it, especially those large upper molars which were always difficult to get completely clean with manual brushes. Be sure to always use a pet toothpaste.
I know that the Globrush is for teens, but it actually works.  This variety does not...it wastes too much power playing that horrible low quality music that only a deaf person can tolerate.  The toothbrush is weak and worthless.  Start saving for dental visits if you buy this brush.  I can't believe they are both from the same company, but the Globrush designed for teens is fantastic and my son has been using it since he was 5...I don't have to nag him to brush for 2 minutes.  All of the music toothbrushes are terrible...not just this particular one.
I love using spinbrushes on my kids because I feel like their teeth get cleaner with more revolutions per minute with the spin brush than I could provide by hand, especially because they only let me brush their teeth for such a short period of time before they get fed up. My son and daughter are big Thomas the train fans so they were very excited to see this brush, and they like clicking it on and off, which makes brushing more exciting for them.I have a 1.5 year old and a 3 year old and I find that they let me brush longer with a spin brush than with a manual brush, maybe because I am inadvertently pressing harder with a manual brush. In any event, this spin brush has soft bristles and goes at a medium speed that is easily tolerable by my kids.My only complaints are that it is hard for us to change the battery even with a tiny screwdriver type tool. Also, I wish that this brush allowed you to change the head. It seems like such a waste to buy an entirely new spinbrush when the head is worn out. However, because it cleans my kid's teeth well and because they enjoy using it, I would recommend this toothbrush.
My boy 5, loves brushing his teeth with his spinbrush. I'm relieved that a boy colour and design came - Thomas the train.
My son loves Thomas the train & I had such a hard time getting him to want to brush before this toothbrush came. It's also much easier to brush toddler's teeth with an electric toothbrush since my son gives me a hard time with the brush strokes on a regular toothbrush. Yes it is pricey since you have to replace so often, but it's worth the price to see my son have clean teeth.
I like that it's in a gummy form. I buy prenatal vitamins to kind of super charge my vitamin routine and it works great. These have an interesting flavor, a little fishy. Don't suck off the sugar coating or it'll be more fishy. Best eaten chewed quickly. Not the best prenatal I've taken. My nails and hair aren't as strong as they have been with other products.
Full disclosure: I'm not pregnant or trying to get pregnant (taking these on a doctor's advice), so I won't speak to anything &#34;natally&#34; about these.I don't hate taking these. I tried the Rainbow Light Prenatal One pills, and I honestly gagged on them, even when I broke them in half and tried to take separately. I have never had a problem with swallowing any pill since 4th grade, so I don't know what the deal was there, but had to stop taking them after two days. I switched to these because I thought I'd actually be able to get them down. Good news! I can. The taste is pretty decent (there is one flavor that tastes a little funny to me, but other than that), and they haven't upset my stomach at all.The downside: What's the deal with sugar-coating gummy vitamins? I hated it on the Calcium supplements, and I hate it on these. Also, they aren't as chewy as I'd like. Maybe the sugar coating is why? I'm not sure, but they certainly don't have the same consistency as gummy bears or the like.So, I'll keep taking them until I find a gummy that isn't coated in sugar.
I can't swallow pills so these are perfect for me.  The taste is good, but not as great as the regular vitafusion adult gummies.  My Dr had no issue with me using these during pregnancy.  I did have to find a separate chewable iron supplement though since this has no iron.
I love these gummy vitamins.  I look forward to taking them every morning because of how great they taste.  I was a little concerned when I saw they didn't have iron in them, but I had my blood taken throughout my pregnancy and my iron levels were always normal.  I do take a fiber and calcium gummy along with this.
I bought these for my trying-to-conceive phase.  They taste like candy and I love taking them.  I think that once I do get pregnant, I will probably switch to something that has iron and calcium, but for now, I figure these are good.  It will be nice to have them on hand during the first trimester if I have a hard time keeping down a giant horse pill.  These are an excellent choice for someone who doesn't like vitamins or who is simply too queasy to swallow a giant pill.  I'm glad I bought them.
It is a life saver. I can't take those huge pregnant vitamin, it makes me really sick. I checked with doctor and she said as long as they have DHA in it, it is fine for the first trimester. Great!!!
These vitamins taste great and I always feel better after I've had my supply for the day. I'd recommend them.
So thrilled these exist. They taste like sugared gummy candy and they are so easy to take. I definitely feel better after I chew a couple of these down. As other reviewers have said, there is absolutely no fish taste. I wish they had iron and calcium, that's my only complaint, but I will continue to buy these because I actually use them and look forward to them
i love these vitamins and they don't make feel sick and i actually enjoy taking them in the morning. yeah for prenatal gummies
I take a lot of natural supplements to prepare for conception, and since I tend to be anemic, even though I take iron, it was suggested that I incorporate more vitamin C to help with the absorption of the iron I take.  The thought of one more capsule or bark-y tasting powder just turned my stomach.  So when I saw these, I jumped at the chance for something less tedious.  Although my natural supplements do not have glucose syrup or sucrose, this I'm willing to take for little daily break. I really enjoy gummy candies, and stay far from them for that reason, but the taste and the fact it helps my body is a semi-guilty pleasure.  If you are diabetic or have PCOS I would probably not encourage it. These days it seems most women have some degree of PCOS, but if you are not inclined to eat a lot of sweet things daily this should be just fine.  It only has 240 mg of Vitamin C, so my guess is you may double or triple up to get close to the recommended dosage of vitamin C for the day, but know that each serving (2) has 4 g of carbohydrates, so that would increase your carb intake to 8 g and so on. Things to consider when incorporating this into your supplement regime.
When I was pregnant with my first child, they didn't have these. I had to take those nasty white prenatal vitamins. I got sick from them, they dehydrated me, and were generally nasty. So this time around, I did some research and found these. They taste like kids vitamins (though regrettably this is the only flavor they come in), are easy to chew and swallow (even when you have morning sickness), and I've had NO ILL EFFECTS from them AT ALL!
My Ob/Gyn recommended I switched to these when I was telling her about my nightmare experiences of my morning sickness (borderline hyperemesis) and DHA fish oil burps. I absolutely hate the texture (but I don't eat anything with gelatin - never did before pregnancy anyway so that's a weird quirk of mine, not reflective of the vitamins themselves), but the taste is great and there really is no aftertaste. I was told by another Ob/Gyn in my group though to switch back to a better quality vitamin now that my morning sickness has gone away, however, which is a bit concerning since I've heard the same thing from other practitioners. It doesn't seem like they recommend taking this your entire pregnancy.
Hate taking pills. These are a great alternative.  Taste good. Highly recommend them.
Apart from tasting like gummies, it has high amaounts of vitamins. My wife consumed it for prenatal to boost vitamins intake.However, we also ordered the Vitafusion Fiber+Calcium to boost my wife's fiber and calcium intake.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DJ4Q4XQ?ie=UTF8&camp;=213733&creative;=393185&creativeASIN;=B00DJ4Q4XQ&linkCode;=shr&tag;=nealo10a-20
I bought these vitamins for my daughter!  She was the one who told me she needed them during her pregnancy.  There have been no compaints from her.
My wife uses these because she doesn't like the large vitamins. I recommend just setting these as a subscription purchase and make sure you have them on hand as long as you'll need them.
taste meh... vitamins great.. too much sugar and doesn't taste good.. it's ok ... better than a pill I have to force
These are super tasty... I can't take the horse size prenatal vitamins because they make me nauseous. I've been taking these since I was pregnant with my son who is now 16 months old (continued as I'm still breastfeeding and we're trying to get pregnant with #2). I highly recommend these as an alternative to the pills you have to swallow... the price on Amazon is great too!
Apart from tasting like gummies, it has high amaounts of vitamins. My wife consumed it for prenatal to boost vitamins intake.However, we also ordered the Vitafusion Fiber+Calcium to boost my wife's fiber and calcium intake.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DJ4Q4XQ?ie=UTF8&camp;=213733&creative;=393185&creativeASIN;=B00DJ4Q4XQ&linkCode;=shr&tag;=justckem-20
Compare to nails, hair and skin vitamins. Also gummies yummies, My adult daughter and I take them. Our hair looks better and our nails stronger, no more dry skin either.
These are good vitamins.  They have not made me feel sick or nauseous at all.  I like the flavors, but wish they didn't have the sugary crystal stuff on the outside.  I think the texture would also be better if it were similar to sour patch kids or swedish fish, these are more like gummy bears.  Sometimes there is a weird aftertaste, but not unbearable.  You have to take 2 of these and they do not contain iron.  My doctor told me I didn't need to take an additional iron supplement but everyone is different.  You may end up purchasing some iron.  This is enough for 45 days.  I take them right before bed and finished the entire bottle.  Now I have to order some more  :-)
On my last pregnancy I struggled to swallow those giant pills and gummy prenatal seemed almost impossible to come by, so when I found out I was pregnant I decided that I was doing gummy no matter what. These prenatal gummy vitamins are great. The taste fine and go down easily. They don't have iron but no gummy vitamin does. If you need to take iron I would just take an extra iron pill. Overall I have no issues with these and I have signed up on the subscribe and save method because with this brain right now I will not remember anything
Finally a prenatual pill that does not give me headaches! I am hoping I can continue this after the 1st trimester.
These are pretty tasty.  The down sides are that they do get hard as you get near the bottom of the bottle.  Also, when I first read the description, I thought that this would last me 3 months.  A proper vitamin serving of these, however, is two gummies.  It's not a big deal, but you may want to beat it in mind if you are shopping around.
Its far better than taking capsules daily. They are tasty and healthy and I guess the same formula as any other multi vitamins
I love these!  My sister took them during her pregnancy and recommended them to me.  I love the taste and they don't make me feel sick like others.  Many noted that there is no Iron.  This is a good thing.  Too much iron can be harmful to an unborn baby.  When my sister took these she did fine her whole pregnancy.  I am taking them and at 13 weeks I found out I am anemic.  So I now take Slow FE at night with a glass of orange juice to get my iron.  My sister never had to.  Every person is different and there are certain vitamins you should not be taking without the ok from a doctor first.  Most of the books say to take a prenatal (whichever works for you) and then wait for blood tests for your doctor to advise you on if you need to take anything else.  My sister and I both eat healthy, we could just have growing babies that have different needs.  Also, in food, usually calcium can canel out your iron intake while Vit. C will help it to be absorbed.  Following all of the rules to make sure you get the most out of the food you are eating while being pregnant is hard, especially when you have morning sickness.  But I would rather take these and a seperate Iron than a regular prenatal that makes me feel quizzy everyday.
First off:  I LOVE these gummies, and will continue to use them. It supplies the basics, including folic acid, in a way that works for me (tasty gummies!). I give them a four star based on nutritional value/flavor.  Minus one star for minor issues below - don't double up! (They taste good enough to do so.Many other reviewers have noted some concerns about vitamin A source, lack of iron, etc. This is a \"vitamin\" supplement only, vs. mineral. It's just a *supplement* to your diet, which is probably already stellar.  I'm sure most pregnant/TTC women are VERY aware of their diets, and trying to eat healthy.  If you're really concerned, check with your doctor.  I was really just looking for extra folic acid and basic anti-oxidants.There's no calcium or other minerals that you might find in a complete multi-vitamin/mineral source.  Most of us won't need those supplemented. Regarding the iron, if you're eating well, again you may not need an iron supplement, which for many causes stomach upset and constipation.USRDA for Vitamin A is 8000IU.  One dose (two gummies) supplies 4000IU or 50% of the USRDA for Vitamin A (as preformed Vitamin A, retinyl palmitate).  It's doubtful that birth defects are a practical issue from this amount - scientific evidence suggests that this is related to very high dose as well as source.  See NEJM as an example [...]).  Another study demonstrated increased birth defects with supplementation of vitamin A at 10000 IU, as retinyl palmitate - NOT found with beta-carotene (Rothman 1995, NEJM).  So, everything else equal, I would prefer that the company switch to beta carotene.  Sigh....Because of this risk, the FDA recommends limiting preformed vitamin A to 5000 IU per day.  So, if you use these gummies, to make up the balance of your Vitamin A requirement, you should focus on beta-carotene (fruits and veggies) as a dietary source.  Try to reduce liver and fortified cereals (preformed vitamin A like retinyl palmitate).  Those complaining about the source in these gummies probably don't realize this is pretty much the same form of vitamin A that's in most cereals and other fortified foods.This product also has some fish oils, which many other prenatal vitamins do not.  Note that it has NO FISHY taste, which is a recurring issue with many fish oil supplements.  Only has 50mg DHA, and probably you should try for more in your diet.  I don't think any of the standard prenatal vitamins are much higher.  Example:  Koletzko et. al. 2008  [...]BTW, I have taken fish oils for years for an inflammatory condition, and I strongly recommend the brand Nordic Naturals if you need them- no fishy taste/burp.Hope this helps!
I bought these because they were a decently priced gummy vitamin with Omega-3 fatty acids in them, but I have to say the taste really put me off them.  Maybe if you are pregnant, it's not an issue, but my friends and I all agree that the coating on these leaves an unusual, slightly bitter aftertaste in our mouths.Also note that if you are looking to use these as a prenatal vitamin, one serving (two gummies) has only 50 mg of DHA in it, which is 31% of the recommended daily intake, so you should plan on another source of DHA or select another vitamin to be on the safe side.
Usually it is a drag to take my vitamins, and I often forget entirely. I hate the feeling of that huge horse pill going down. It even makes me queasy. I envy my two-year-old son and his Winnie the Pooh or DIsney's Cars gummy vitamins. BUT, then I discovered these!!! I absolutely LOVE Vitafusion Prenatal Gummies. They taste like sugar-coated fruit snacks, and I now LOVE taking my vitamins!The first time I opened up the bottle, I leaned in to smell them and it almost made me queasy because the smell was VERY strong. Well, just don't get too close to the entire bottle, and you will be fine! They actually taste really good, like candy.I love how these vitamins contain DHA, so I don't have to take an extra pill on the side. The only downside that I have noticed is that these do NOT contain any iron, like a lot of prenatal vitamins do. Other than that, I absolutely love these. Taking your vitamins was never so yummy!
I never forget to take these vitamins because they taste like a treat and they are easy to chew.  They are much cheaper on Amazon than in any of the local stores in my area.
they taste great- i put them in the fridge and they taste like a snack- i couldn't stomach the regualr prenatal vits as they made my stomach upset
I was taking basic prenatal vitamins (from Target) and having really really bad morning sickness within half an hour of taking them. I purchased these gummies for two reasons: I wanted a prenatal with DHA and I wanted something easier on my stomach. These awesome vitamins do both! I no longer get sick from vitamins and I'm getting plenty of DHA!The bottle recommends 2 a day so 90 vitamins will last you 6 weeks. Also, they do NOT contain iron (which some women will end up needing) so you may need an iron supplement. Bonus for me, no iron means less constipation (a very unpleasant pregnancy symptom). I noticed a difference within 5 days of stopping the Target prenatals and starting these gummy prenatals. Feeling much better now and everything is back to normal.As for flavors... despite my extreme gagging at all smells, tastes and even *thoughts* of smells... I can say these vitamins did not affect me negatively at all. I can put my nose in the bottle and inhale their pleasant scent :) The lemon is very mild and not tart or overly sweet. The cherry is simply a berry flavor, it does not taste like cherry (thankfully!). The other red one, another berry flavor, is also great and might be my favorite but they're all tasty. They , are like candy truly. They don't cause fishy burps (like DHA gels) and are easy to chew.All around 5 stars, I'll be ordering more and more of these in the next 6 months!!
This tastes good and is a must when pregnant. Could not swallow pills and this allowed my to take the vitamins I needed.
No gagging here! These don't have iron so that's good for ladies who struggle with iron &#34;backing them up&#34; but means that you do need to get a iron supplement. I was able to find a chewable one of those too and no longer have to gag down a horse tranquilizer-sized pre-natal vitamin. Doesn't upset my stomach either. Love that it has DHA and plenty of Folic.
My wife is pregnant and had been suffering from horrible \"morning sickness\" during her first trimester.  When we consulted the nurse at her doctor's visit a few months ago, she actually recommended a gummy prenatal vitamin.  This product seems to be one of the very few options out there for a gummy prenatal, and the results have been fantastic.  After trying a wide variety of things including ginger products, motion-sickness bands, and a change in eating habits, this vitamin finally did the trick.  Her nausea subsided within a few days after starting to take these.A major factor in why this product may have helped is the lack of iron.  I have been reading quite a bit since my wife became pregnant, and a lot of research seems to indicate iron can actually make women more ill during pregnancy.  My wife has had her blood tested pretty regularly since she has switched to this vitamin, and her iron levels have been just fine.  Getting iron through her diet hasn't presented much of a challenge.If you're a pregnant woman suffering from nausea or a concerned husband like I was, I'd suggest giving this a try.
I am not pregnant, so I was not concerned with the lack of iron. However, these vitamins taste very good. I often wish I could eat more than two a day. I was worried that they would have a fishy taste or smell as previous reviews claimed, but it didn't. I am very sensitive to smell and don't mind this at all. I will add, though, that I would not take this if I was pregnant because it does not have iron and the vitamin A is not the type a pregnant woman should be taking.
My wife takes these and says they are really good for her while we are &#34;trying&#34; to have our first!
taste good. good price. will purchase again. I have been using vitafusion gummy for years. i like it so far.
These are a decent cost (especially not having to leave my house or pay for shipping). Yummy way to remember my vitamins each day. They are still super soft and taste good.
I love the vitafusion vitamins especially this one which tastes really good.  My hair and nails grew like weeds when I was taking these.  These do NOT have iron and you will need to make sure you get enough iron through other sources if actually taking this for prenatal care.  I cannot take iron in supplements, it makes me nauseous every time so I eat iron rich foods every day instead.  This prenatal does provide the nutrients I was looking for in a prenatal which are folic acid and dha.
I took these vitamins while I was pregnant and continue to take them while I nurse. They are delicious but be warned they do NOT contain Iron so I did have to take an additional iron supplement while I was pregnant.
These vitamins are easy to take. They taste decent and don't make me feel sick. They don't have iron or calcium so you need another vitamin if you want those too.
I am loving these gummy vitamins. I take quite a few suppliments: Prenatal vitamin, glucosamine, CoQ10, Omega 3-6-9, green tea, and calcium with vitamin D. I don't really like swallowing a bunch of pills, so this is nice alternative. I like these so much that I ordered the vitamin C gummies as well. Although I do not plan to replace out all of my suppliments with gummy vitamins, I do plan on getting a few more. It definitely makes taking vitamins more enjoyable.
These taste really good. I mean, good enough that I look forward to taking them every morning. And yes, I can take them on an empty stomach without the &#34;ick&#34; feeling that the traditional horse-pill prenatals gave me during pregnancy. I wish I had known about these when I was pregnant with my 1st!
so far it a good product i will be getting more and i will tell my friends about this product thank you
I am very close to having my baby so I just needed a little bit more pre natal vitamins.  This is a very nice buy.
I've been taking these vitamins daily for a year or more and I find these to be quite yummy and easy for my difficult GI system to process. Very happy with this product.
I am pregnant with baby #2.  The morning sickness has been awful this time around.  I wish I had found these with my first pregnancy.  I understand that extra iron is important, but unfortunately I don't tolerate it very well. I have several stomach conditions and the iron in my prenatals always causes me problems.  Last pregnancy I had to skip days.  After finding these, I can take my vitamin everyday without any complications:)  And they taste great.  Great product:)
These vitamins are awesome! I had morning sickness with both of my pregnancies and could barely choke down a prenatal vitamin at night. I asked my doctor and she gave me the green light and said these were fine to take. I don't dread taking my vitamins at night anymore that's for sure. It's like having dessert before bed :)
I rely on these when the morning sickness is going strong and I can't bear to swallow a huge horse pill. For later pregnancy I need something with iron thought as I become anemic without it.
Even though I can get free prenatal vitamins from my doctor, I can't actually use them because of the iron in them. These have no iron so they don't make me sick. I like the taste and I don't have to swallow a giant horse pill. I got hooked on them and after I moved to a new area, none of the grocery stores or pharmacies carried them or could get them in. Thank you Amazon.com! I got my vitamins and I stocked up getting 4 bottles. That should last awhile. :)
Through both pregnancies, I've had trouble with prenatal vitamins. They tend to amplify my nausea, and just wreak havoc on my digestive system in general. I never took vitamins outside of pregnancy, because my diet has always been heavy on the raw fruits and veggies. So, during my second pregnancy I tried these because someone mentioned that it might be the iron in prenatals that bothers me. THESE DO NOT HAVE IRON. I know this because I read the label prior to purchasing, but lots of people don't and are surprised.These did not bother my stomach as much as traditional prenatal vitamins, but I only felt comfortable taking them until the morning sickness stage had passed, because of the Vitamin A source, which is discouraged during pregnancy. Afterwards I took an iron-free multi-vitamin, with a slow release iron supplement separately.
I used to take vitamins in tablet form but would always get indigestion.  Even if I took them with food.  These are easy to chew and no more indigestion!
I have suffered with extreme sensitivity to vitamins and pills since getting an ulcer in grad school. I wanted to write this review for other women with extremely sensitive stomachs or ulcers, like me. This is the only prenatal vitamin that I could keep down. I tried numerous other brands of of pill form prenatals, with food, between meals, etc and I would always end up feeling extremely nauseated, puking up the vitamins and not keeping them down.These Vitafusion gummy prenatals were a lifesaver while I was pregnant. As long as I take them shortly after a snack I keep them down fine. In fact, they have never caused me to throw up. They are easy to chew and the flavors taste fine. I also like that they have DHA, but they don't have a fishy smell, fishy aftertaste and they do not cause you to burp like fish oil tablets. In fact, any aftertaste from these gummies is quite mild and not offensive. Please note that this vitamin does not have iron. So, please get yourself tested during your pregnancy for any anemia, and supplement this vitamin with iron pills as directed by your doctor if you have an iron deficiency anemia.In sum, if you have an ulcer, IBS, extreme nausea with pregnancy or any other stomach condition that causes sensitivity to pills and vitamins, I recommend this product highly. It will enable you to keep your prenatal vitamins down and get the essential vitamins that you need during pregnancy.
I love these prenatal vitamins, but it's unfortunate that they have no Iron.  I was borderline anemic, so I had to switch to prenatals with Iron. The texture is great, the flavor is great, no fishy smell or taste and great price.
I did a lot of looking-trying to find the best ratios of vitamins in something chewable.  These are perfect!  And they taste delicious!
I love the taste of these and I switched to them after my prescription prenatal was making me nauseous which my doctor said was fine to do. I take these and no more nausea! I would highly recommend.
Thank goodness for these gummies.  The prenatal pills upset my stomach.  These gummies taste good and don't give me a stomach ache.
My doctor gave me a gazillion prenatal vitamin samples and I tolerated most of them fine. Once I ran out of samples I was looking to purchase vitamins and after getting fed up talking to the insurance company, doctor and pharmacy trying to find a prenatal vitamin that wasn't ridiculously expensive (no one could give me a straight answer and I was not going to pay $60/month in some cases for a vitamin!), I finally gave up and ordered these at the recommendation of a friend. I think they taste good and they make for a nice sweet little treat after dinner, although there is a slightly weird after taste it's nothing a couple swigs of water doesn't fix. I still have to take a separate iron supplement and stool softener but oh well. It still turned out a lot cheaper and easier than a prescription vitamin, and my doctor approves of it's ingredients.
I wish they had another type of gummy than this - but so far, these are the best pre-natal gummies I've tried... and I've tried a variety of other brands. I don't care for the 'sugar gumdrop' type of gummy these are - w/ the granulated 'coating' around them. A little too chewy for my tastes - but definitely edible and I take them each morning, followed by my other Vitafusion gummies which are far better in flavor and texture.
They don't taste horrible and have all the good stuff that you need.  My other prenatals made me sick when I was pregnant, even if I had eaten.  With these, if I eat them on an empty stomach I still risk getting sick but as long as I've had something in my tummy I've never had a problem.
I've suffered from morning sickness and have had a difficult time not only swallowing huge prenatal vitamins, but also feeling like they are weighing heavily in my stomach after I do take them.  These taste good and don't upset my stomach after having taken them.  The only note that I have is that 2 of these gummies is considered to be the serving-size, so even thought there are 90 per package, you are getting a 45 day supply.
These are a great prenatal vitamin if the ones you are currently taking have iron which can make some women nauseas.  My only recommendation is to not order them in the summer. Mine came melted and fused together. I easily was reimbursed, but still set me back a day on taking vitamins.
Dr prescribed me some nasty prenatals. Sadly, I was not taking them daily bc they made me gag and vomit. At my first ultrasound, my Dr told me my baby is actually 8 days younger than what I had originally thought (BUT I know my exact ovulation day).I felt so bad bc I had been skipping out on my prenatals.... This left me very worried about my baby.Then, my sister-in-law told me to order these. I was skeptical about the taste at first... I mean, they're prenantals. What can be delicious about them?! My frown soon turned into a smile. They taste just like gummy bears, no medicine taste! My husband asked to try it so I let him. LOL. He loves it too. : ) Well, what tastes good and is good for you, right? We'll see....Update: I just had my 2nd ultrasound today. I've been taking these prenatals daily for 2 weeks. My ultrasound today shows a healthy 11 week baby (Dr's assumption, I'm only suppose to be 9 weeks and a few days)!! My original instincts about my due date was correct afterall! I'm a believer in prenatals, or gummy prenatals. I showed them to my Dr. She said it doesn't have any iron but it's perfect for me bc I'm so sick. Iron makes women even more sick. She advise that I can either change my prenatals when I feel better or just take some iron on the side later. Hubby and I saw a dancing & well developed baby in my u/s. I honestly couldn't be happier with this prenatal!
I had awful morning (All-Day) sickness for weeks.  Nothing helped me feel better, including switching up the time of day that I took my vitamins and trying different brands- until I tried these.  At first I didn't make the connection until I realized that my nausea was gone and it was immediately after I switched to these.  Besides the elimation of nausea, these taste great and are actually fun to eat.  I also find them cost effective and convenient since they contain DHA all in one.  I wish that I would have switched to these sooner.
These vitamins are tasty and easy to take, but check the nutrition facts before buying.  They obviously don't have iron in them, but they're also low on many other nutrients.  They seem like a great idea, but probably aren't the best solution for your baby.
I am going  to repeat the same thing many other reviews have already, but I feel it's important because of my experience. I went out and bought these with my first pregnancy, excited that there was a gummy version but having no idea of what was really important in a prenatal.I found out after taking these for a couple of months that the vitamin A source in these is retinyl palmitate, which can cause birth defects if you consume too much. I always had so much anxiety that I might eat something else with palmitate and go over the limit. The company should have just made the vitamin A source beta carotene, and there would be no problem.I also found out later in my pregnancy that I was very anemic, and was prescribed iron pills that really upset my stomach. I also had to take a vitamin C pill to help with the absorption. And to think that I had bought these gummies to avoid having to swallow pills!I am now breastfeeding and takingNature Made Prenatal Multi Vitamin Value Size, Tablets, 250-Countand only have to worry about taking one pill per day. I do not recommend these vitamins.
I don't know who figured out that sour is good for pregnant women, but these are amazing. When totally nauseous, I could still take my prenatal vitamins with these. Plus, they are good multivitamins for any time with the added omegas.
Love these vitamins! I have trouble swallowing pills, but I wanted to get pregnant, so I was thrilled to find a gummy version of a prenatal vitamin. These are actually very tasty - it's like eating candy! I started taking them 3 months before my first pregnancy and continued to take them throughout my pregnancy. I am now trying to get pregnant again, so I started taking them, again, 3 months before we wanted to start trying. They're great! And their health benefits/ingredients are comparable to regular prenatal pills as well.
I got this for my aunt who is 95 and unfortunately refuses to even try it. I'm 70 myself and have tested it on myself and some other seniors in their 90's and they all think it works quite well. Some of them have hearing aids but prefer to use this at home and set it up on the dinner table so they can hear the conversation without all the ambient noise that most hearing aids do. The tone quality is very good within three or four feet and will pick up sound from up to 10 feet albeit with a noticeable loss in audio quality. It is wonderful if the speaker is holding the mike close to their mouth as it will produce very good sound quality to the listener.
This product works but is a little awkward to use and sometimes I have to hold the earphone tight to my ear to get very clear sound.
Exact same product was used by my wife while on jury duty. She liked it so much that I ordered one for her to use at home or wherever.  Great product!!!
This is amazing! I bought this for my Dad and at first he wouldn't even put it on, but once we put the &#34;ear bud&#34; style headphones on so it wasn't IN YOUR FACE that he's got a device, he just loved it! It's nice that he can now join in with the family, cancel out the noise, and HEAR what you are saying to him!
she uses it to go out in public, and watch TV sometimes. She says her doctor recommended it to several of her patients.
The Pocket Talker Ultra works wonderfully!!!!  Well worth the money!  I recommend it to anyone having trouble with their hearing.
I bought this item for my husband and he can hear as good as he can with his hearing aids (without the distracting background noise).  Also, when the delivery notification showed that the package was left at the front door the seller telephoned to make sure we knew the package was there.  I would say that is great customer service.
I have found that butane is butane pretty much, though we are taught about the &#34;number of refines, etc.&#34; I am sure that is important and why i seek at least four-times refined. One of my lessons in purchasing butane is that the nozzle design makes a difference. Sometimes you can see the bevel on the outside of the nozzle-end. Not all are beveled, thus w/o the bevel on the nozzle it is hard to get a seal. I've had cans of butane that i was not able to get more than 20% of the butane in the lighters appropriately. I found Vector to be cost effective and will purchase again.
This butane is supposed to be filtered 5 times, whatever than means, other than its more than 4.  I have used this butane in a butane torch and it works fine.  I have no way of telling whether this butane is better than any other.  I just bought it at the same time I was buying a new torch.  Sorry I cannot add more but I do not have the scientific means to analyze the gas, so to me it is just a commodity with no special value adding attributes.  It worked fine for me and it included a number of adapters to fit in other butance devices.  So, with the absence of any particular deficiencies, I can recommend it to the point that it works.  That's all I was asking for and all that I needed.
It is a must buy if you own a vector lighter. Not the cheapest butane, but one of the bests...
I love this product.  I've been using it for years in all my lighters and torches....never a clog or problem of any type.  Great stuff.
Wow !!!! What a difference this stuff made in my \"DEAD\" lighters. Works like a charm it's hard to believe that Butane is so different. I put it in two lighters that were not working and like magic after a few flicks they came back to life. This is the BEST !!!!!!!
This is by far the best butane you can fill your lighters with.  No flickering, no trouble, just a quick light every single time.  The price can't be beaten either!
My butane lighter has no acquired any gunk since I began using Vector. In fact, the original butane was clogging the lighter a bit and after switching to this Vector butane the clogs seem to have dissipated. The lighter now runs out of fuel suddenly as opposed to sputtering a bunch when the reservoir loses pressure. This stuff would also be good for any type chemical reactions I would imagine.
I have a few items  that use butane fuel. This is a good product for the price to have in order to re-fill my items. Real easy to use, and will last me for awhile.
Don't get your expensive lighters or what have you clogged up with cheap butane, this is the only way to go
Excellent quality, it got one of my old custom lighters working again! Zippo brand fluid and others aren't as refined as this and can clog up some lighters. Also, the bottles are HUGE. I knew they would be bigger than the normal butane you can find at a gas station or wally world, but these are basically the size of a can of spray paint. Great value for the price.
I like this butane. I have had others that I used that were good, but this seems to have a good nozzle and I like how large the cans are. These will last me a long time.I think I rated my previous butane order 5 stars as well, it all has burnt/combusted very well for me so I have no complaints.I will most likely buy this exact product again, when I eventually run out.
Vector has apparently replaced the steel filler tube with plastic and the rubber adapter ring with plastic knock-out adapters which are punched into the cap.  It looks cheaper.  Maybe it works as well.  Just be warned that the product has changed.
I ordered these because it was a good price for the size of the bottles. I don't really know if there is a difference between double and quintuple refined.. But you get 3 big bottles for a great price..That's why I ordered it! And it works so I'm very happy...
I bought a 3-pack a couple years ago, and have not yet finished the first can! And believe me, I've filled various lighters many times, but the product seems to never run out. Plus, I'm a sort of purist when it comes to flavor, and this butane is CLEAN. The adaptor ring has plenty of adaptors for various fittings, so you really get the butane in the device, not all over your hands. The stuff is just damn clean and virtually tasteless. I give it 5 stars! I think you will, too. Here's a link to buy it if this review made you ready to save money and get the best product on the market:Vector Quintuple Refined Butane Fuel - 3 Pack
I bought this to refill my mini  torch. 3 large cans It will take me a while to use it all but my mini torch lit right up. I am happy with this purchase
Excellent product; excellent price. Torch lighters use a ton of fuel, so if you have one, get these fuel refillers!
Good value for your buck.  I have been using this brand for years, and it does not cause any problems with my lighters, which are fickle with other brands (I will leave their names anonymous) of butane fuel.
I purchased this for my jet butane lighter for my cigars, and it works like a champion.  I will definitely be buying this again in the future.
I have always liked Zippo's, they look great, are built solidly and are a classic lighter that will always be a part of American history.  But one thing I never liked was the smell of the lighter fluid.  The lighter fluid smell permeated everything it came in contact with and was relentless.  When I saw this butane insert, I was eager to give Zippo another try.Initially I had some problems with the first Thunderbird insert I got, when I tried to open my Zippo the cam would get stuck 9/10 times halfway into opening the lighter.  And required a pretty strong pull in order to get it unstuck, obviously something was wrong.  So after contacting the seller I ended up getting another insert.  This new insert opened and closed just fine like you would expect, however another problem came up.I am not sure if there was a fuel leak or maybe something else was going on, but I could barely get a days use out of the Thunderbird insert before it ran out of fuel.  I filled it properly and was only using Vector 5x refined butane, I did everything correct.  But two or three times in a row the lighter would run low on gas just after a days use.  Take note that by days use means about 10-12 lights in which the lighter was on for only a second or two for each use.  Another issue was that the flame was terribly inconsistent.  I could adjust it so the flame was 1-1/2 inches high, then by the next time I used it the flame would barely get past the chimney and I would have to adjust it again to get a normal sized flame.  By the end of the day the flame adjuster was cranked up 100% and the size of my flame was only a inch or so high.  I live at sea level so this isn't a elevation problem, and I live in a moderate climate so this wasn't a temperature thing.  So I ended up sending both my inserts to KGM for repair.Since the KGM repair center is located in my state, shipping was fast.  Total turn around time was about a week, which is pretty dang good IMO.  I got my inserts back today from KGM, they were packed in plastic baggies inside a standard shipping envelope. But I learned something interesting when I opened up the package and checked out the new inserts I got.  Both of the inserts were different than the ones I sent them, in fact they are older models.  The two defective models I had before were labeled as 04*2011, these new ones are labeled as either 2006 or 2008 (they are kind of worn off so it's hard to tell, but it looks like 2006).  But not only was the manufacture date different, but apparently these old models had a completely different design, which I will explain below.The 2011 models I had before had a visible side-spring attached to the cam (which keeps pressure on it for the Zippo lids) and the gas-release mechanism was somewhere inside this contraption and not visible from the outside.  However the old models I got actually have a Zippo style cam-spring (just bent metal which provides pressure on the cam instead of a real spring) and the gas-release lever was also in plain sight.  I took pictures of this and posted it in the customer picture section for this product, so if you haven't seen those yet, check it out cause it makes more sense when you see the pictures.In my opinion I think the old model is better for this very reason, because the newer models seem more complicated with the spring and internal gas-lever, and more complicated means more things can go wrong.  However the old models are very much like a classic Zippo, very simple and likely tons more reliable.  Plus everything is exposed, so if there is some issue I could probably fix it myself without having to return it.As stated in other reviews, if you have one that works, these are wonderful!  They light 100% of the time, are just as windproof as a Zippo (a little less but almost the same from my experience) and use butane which may smell stinky when not lit (kind of like farts), but doesn't have any smell when it's lit and there is no worry about evaporating fumes like a Zippo.  Plus they take standard flints, are adjustable and look and perform nearly identical to a regular Zippo (better in some ways).  Plus as I have shown in the pictures, the chimney for the Thunderbird is much thicker than a Zippo, heck the whole insert looks and feels SOLID with thick metals and heavy weight.As for how long the gas is going to last compared to my previous insert, I am not sure yet.  Like I said I just got them back today and plan to put them to good use to see if I can get more than a days worth of butane out of them.  In all likelyhood these Thunderbird inserts may not be ideal for somebody who uses a lighter mutiple times a day, but they are perfect for long-term storage since there is no evaporating fumes like with a Zippo.  I will update as necessary with any new findings, maybe one tank of gas will last a week or more with daily use, who knows!Overall I am really happy I got a older model from KGM, because I like the fact that the cam design is almost identical to a Zippo, which makes the insert seem more like a real Zippo.  But be warned, if you get a 04*2011 model, you may end up having problems.  I had two in a row that were defective, so that is some pretty bad odds.  Perhaps it was bad luck, a bad month of production or perhaps it's because they changed the design.  I don't know, but if you get one with a old style cam hinge, hold onto it because it is pretty rare I would imagine.  So yeah, a wonderful concept for a lighter because it makes Zippo's useful again without the hassle or smell of lighter fluid.  The gas may not last very long, but for limited usage these are great!
Fit perfectly in a 15-y/o Zippo lighter.  Gives a nice, &#34;original&#34; feeling flame (rather than a jet blowtorch butane flame).  Easy to fill, and you don't have to deal with the smell / mess / complications of the original Zippo wadding, lighter fluid, etc.  My only concern is how long the flint will hold out, but other than that, there's no reason to stick with the original.
I've always hated how Zippo fluid evaporates, so I got this insert and it does everything I ask. Comes filled, so don't try and vent it like I did. Very happy with this.
These inserts are american made along with the Zippo. Once fueled it holds fluid well and works on one strike all the time. Its a nice move up to the 21st century.
This butane lighter has solved the problem of my zippos always drying out. I am not a smoker, so I don't use my lighter everyday, and being able to light something whenever I want because the butane is still there is amazing.
I'm not exaggerating.  The problem with Bic and other disposable lighters is that they are cheap and flimsy.  The problem with refillable lighters is that they are either extremely expensive or kind of cheesy and cheaply built, and they tend to use electrical spark lighting mechanisms that always fail in the long run.  The problem with Zippos is that they use that horrible lighter fluid which leaks, stinks, and evaporates quickly.Then the Vector Thunderbird was invented and solved EVERY PROBLEM I JUST MENTIONED.  It uses clean butane, it is classy and well-built like a tank, it fits into the Zippo cases which are elegant and timeless.  It turns your Zippo into the perfect lighter.The guy who invented this deserves a Nobel Prize.  I'm not kidding.  If you smoke or know a smoker, buy him a Zippo lighter, throw the included original Zippo insert off a cliff, and then buy him this insert.  He will soon be agreeing with everything I just wrote.
I quite like this insert. While it does run out of fuel fairly quickly it doesn't dry out when I don't use it. Which is pretty much all I wanted. 5/5.
The Zippo lighter I had originally purchased used lighter fluid.  It wreaks of gasoline smell and even worse evaporates so quickly that I had to refill the lighter every few days (even when I'm not even using it).  A few reviewers guided me to this butane insert for the Zippo.  What a great design and idea.  Seriously, ever since I've purchased this product no more smelly lighter fluid.  No more leakage problem.  I've gone for at least 6 months without refilling this thing and it still fires up.  Amazing product.  Highly recommended!!
I am a casual cigar smoker and an outdoorsman that likes to prepare for everything. I have always loved my Zippo, but it dries out and can not be used for cigars. Because of this my Zippo had been replaced by a torch lighter.Thunderbird is the answer. Slipped right in my Zippo and has worked every flip so far. It feels very stout and is heavy in the hand, which I like. The metal on the chimney is much thicker than the Zippo and really looks nice. Nothing is cheap on the Thunderbird but the price.The main reason I found and bought this is for an upcoming trip. I want to smoke my stogies but can't fly with a torch lighter. Well I don't want to risk losing it to TSA. Enter the Thunderbird and now I'm saved from starting my stogie off wrong and I have my iconic Zippo back.If you use a Zippo get a Thunderbird.
Works Great. I was tired of carrying a zippo that would never light, because all the fuel was evaporated. This product has completely cured that problem. Only issue I have had, is it is difficult to find good fuel for it in my area. For some reason, no one seems to carry much of a variety of lighters and accessories anymore.
I bought this to go with my new Zippo.  I can't tolerate lighter fluid so being able to convert to butane was great.  Look up Thunderbird website or check Youtube to install.  Worked great for a week then the lever that opens and shuts the valve broke and now I have to send it back for repair/replacement.  Comes with no proof warranty.
As somebody who loves carrying a Zippo but hates the unavoidable fuel smell and occasional upper leg rash from it leaking through my pocket (and we all know what I'm talking about) this item is the perfect solution.I like how this insert fits correctly, keeps the original spirit of the Zippo with a soft (non-torch) flame, and spark style flint wheel.  Yes, you can still do your cool bar trick of snap lighting your Zippo with this insert.  Additionally if you ever feel like going retro and using the original Zippo fuel system you can easily swap it out for the cotton and wick arrangement.  The flame can be adjusted from a very low cigarette igniting flicker to a Kiss concert encore inducing blaze pretty easily with your thumbnail so on-the-fly adjustments are possible.  Should you need to light anything from your Cuban cigar to a cherry bomb thrown in your sleeping brother's bedroom - this lighter will get the job done.Some have reported leaks or failures with their insert but I&#8217;ve had no such problems.  I&#8217;ve bought two for myself and one for my buddy and we&#8217;re both happy with them.  When I show folks this insert and how good it looks they always say the same thing: &#8220;Why didn&#8217;t Zippo come up with this idea?&#8221; and I&#8217;ve got to agree.  I give this product five stars for bringing my Zippos out of the closet and back into my pocket.
This is one very nice innovation to the regular fuel, clean and easy to use. Clearly this is an up-grade to the old school method of refueling and usage. I may get a couple more. If you use a lighter for anything this is the way to go.
I cannot take a horse pill vitamin and the chewable vitamins were missing important things like iron!!  When I brought these in to my OB, she said they were the best OTC chewables she had seen - had all the right nutrients in all the right forms.  A rare find.  The taste isn't something you crave, per se, but it IS palatable and you are only chewing these for about 5 seconds once a day!!  For me infinitely better than the repeated attempts of trying to swallow a huge pill!!!
I had to try the chewable prenatals because the horse pills were making me nauseous just swallowing them. I was worried about the taste of a chewable, but for no reason. These pills are great! They have a bit of a chalky taste but that is to be expected when chewing vitamins. They remind me of the children's chewables, like the flinstones ones when I was a kid. The taste is mild and doesn't upset me in the morning - which is a relief. I would highly recommend trying a bottle, they are pretty cheap, and see for yourself. My gynecologist said they are even a little better for the baby than the horse pills they prescribe. She is recommending them to patients who need a chewable now.
I have to say these chewable prenatals are not good it's chalky somewhat bitter. I can't taste much of any fruit flavors in it. If y'all ever taken kids flinstones vitamins it's similar but not quite its actually nastier in my opinion but I am 10 weeks pregnant and I'm having a hard time taking prenatals. I dreaded every time . Most of the time I can't even swallow it I'll gag before even trying to swallow it was hard especially with the smell and size of the prenatals. Even though there gross I can overlook it it easier o take just chew and go. My advice chew one at a time just slowly and quickly washed it down with ice cold water it helps. I'm glad I bought these I am now taking them everyday. Of course along with iron and folic acid pills and dha.
These don't taste good and the texture is worse! The product description sounds great and I was dealing with terrible nausea and vomiting so I thought chewables would be the way to go to get needed nutrients. Not these.
Bought these because I needed something I could chew. I bought the belly bar in chocolate and it was over the top disgusting! I was reluctant to try the fruit flavored one but thought why not. Surprisingly they taste just like a Flintstone chewable vitamin. If you can handle that then you wont mind these. There's no nasty after taste either. I'm really happy with these. For those who have tried the belly bar in chocolate, you know those are nasty and leave a really metallic after taste...ugh...yuck. In my opinion it was worth it and I'm glad I decided to give these a chance.
These are way tastier than the other prenatal chewable tablets that I was taking.  I don't mind taking it at all!  Not as yummy as some of the gummy vitamins, but definitely a good prenatal!
these are great because, simply put, they're full of great stuff. Do they taste like fruit? No. Do they taste like candy? Not any kind of candy I'd want to eat on a regular basis. But are they good-tasting as far as chewable vitamins go? ABSOLUTELY. If you've ever had Flinstones chewables you'll probably like these (although don't rely on the Flinstones chewables if you're pregnant; I suspect they don't have enough of the vitamin requirements for moms to be). So, if you're pregnant, trying to get pregnant, or want a product that might do good things for y
I'm very sensitive to vitamins, so I wanted a prenatal vitamin that had great nutrition, tasted good, and didn't make me sick. This fulfills 2 out of my 3 requirements. This was one of the only prenatal chewables I found that included 100% dv of iron, which is very important to me. The chewables are easy to digest, and have not made my stomach upset at all. Unfortunately, these taste AWFUL. Super chalky, with a medicinal fruit taste, although I'm getting more used to it and I prepare myself with something to wash it down with. I'll probably keep taking them since I can deal with the taste, but just be warned - these are not particularly good.
Upon becoming pregnant and seeing normal prenatal vitamins, I almost ran for the hills. They're huge! Enter Bellybar chewables! They taste fine (no worse than the Flinstones vitamins we all took as kids), have a great amount of iron (I wasn't anemic at any point in my pregnancy), and are way easier than trying to swallow a pill the size of my thumb! I like them so much I've continued to take them while nursing.
These are better than many other vitamins I have tried that have made my very sensitive skin break out and react badly. I take 2 of these everyday and I am very happy. For everyone complaining about the taste, come on people where is your common sense? It is a VITAMIN not a candy and the taste is as good as it can get with a vitamin. Others have complained about sickness after using these in early pregnancy- has nothing to do with the vitamins ladies, at that point you can take anything and it will make you sick.
When someone suffers from hyperemesis during pregnancy, it can be hard to find a prenatal that is agreeable with the digestive system. However, these definitely did the trick! I find these to be non irritating to my digestive tract, great tasting, easy to chew, and no icky aftertaste. I believe that these are more easily absorbed by my body, and that may be why they are non irritating. In any case, the product is great, the price is right, and I will continue to take these throughout my pregnancy. Thank you Belly Bar!
I read several reviews and the main critic seems to focus on the taste.  Personally, I love Bellybar Chewable vitamins, I think it tastes pretty good.  (not as good as Snickers bars but it's still pretty darn good for multi-vitamins)  I can't swallow pills and have been taking gummy vitamins in the past.  Lately, I'm trying to avoid gelatin and all gummy stuff all together.  I was so excited to see Bellybar Chewable on amazon.com.  Supplemental Fact on the bottle indicates about the same amount of Vitamins (maybe more on the Vitamin D side) you get from many other leading brand prenatal vitamins. (pretty much, comparable)  I only wish it also contains DHA but not many prenatal vitamins has DHA so it's not a big disappointment to me.  No artificial color, just fruits and vegetables.Try one bottle first, at $10 it's a good investment.  Not everyone has the same taste bud, so you either gonna like it or hate it but please give it a shot.  I ordered 1 bottle and really like it now it's on my Subscribe and Save list.  I'm looking forward to taking my vitamins on a daily basis now.  Thank you Bellybar!
In my opinion, these tasted awful. This brand of pre-natals and morning sickness did not mix for me at all.
The prenatals that my doctor prescribes make me sick. Working in a Maternity store, I see everything that comes in a goes out. We almost never have these in stock so I decided to see what all the fuss was about.1. They taste like Flintstones vitamins2. My doctor said it was an excellent substitute for the prescribed prenatalsThe only downside I can find is that you have to take two. Honestly, they taste so good that this isn't a downside for me. I have to be careful not to make them into candy and eat the whole bottle. That's where Preggie Pops come into play though!
Do not buy these vitamins...they are the worse tasting things ever!!!! save your money i am out $11.00....i repeat do NOT buy!!!
I tried taking regular prenatal vitamins and within 15-20 minutes, they either came right back up or I had horrible nausea. I chose these vitamins because they have calcium and iron (vital during pregnancy) whereas most of the other chewable vitamins I found did not. They taste great and easy on the stomach! I will continue using them thruout my entire pregnancy.. probably after as well!
These are great. The nutrients are very good and comparable to the pill varieties. Other chewable and gummies don't have iron which you need in pregnancy. I took them all through trying and pregnancy. I had to stop at one point because I got gestational diabetes and had to avoid all sugar. They are great though and didn't cause nausea like other things I tried. I did take a separate omega 3 pill. They taste pretty good too. Like the vitamins you had as kids.
This is the only prenatal I tried that didn't upset my stomach, cause constipation or make me go to the bathroom. It is chalky and has a nasty aftertaste, though. But I was able to tolerate them to get me through two healthy pregnancies.
I am pleased with these vitamins.  The taste is not as good as other chewables but I don't care I am not eating these for snacks. I have difficulty swallowing pills so this was great.  It's gets the job done and gives me the nutrients I need.
product is very small, only a small person with tiny hands could use this product.  Iam not going to bother terying it back,  It should be taken off the market
I went through a lot of aggravation with this and after 4 phone calls (yes, 4) here's the upshot- They admit they have a problem with the device and it does not work for everyone- They first told me that the problem has been fixed and the new ones don't have that problem but that's not the case, as I learned on the 4th call- They will send you out a different lancing device if you call to complain and they will replace any Delica lancets you may have bought with the propeer lancets for the new device.  By default the operator can only replace 200 but if you ask to speak to a supervisor they will authorize more -- I had 400 Delica lances and they are replacing all of them
This device is useless, not strong enough to get enough blood to form a full drop of blood, too much trouble
This One Touch Delica Lancet holder and the One Touch Delica Lancets are the best I have ever used in 15 years.  It has a very light spring that gently pushed the lancet out to prick your finger or arm, in order to draw blood for a blood sugar test.  The lancets are very, very sharp, so they do not hurt.  This system produces the least pain when pricking your finger.  I use it three times a day and have never regretted buying it.
When I was diagnosed with diabetes in 2011, my doctor referred me to a diabetes counselor, who gave me a starter testing kit with a OneTouch Ultra2 meter, a vial of OneTouch 25 test strips, some Delica lancets, and a Delica lancets device. She also set it up with a local pharmacy to mail me test strips and lancets every three months.The Delica lancet device has worked very well for the last 2+ years. It has seven adjustable depth settings, and after experimenting awhile, I settled on #2 as the best setting for me. That's a shallow setting, but it consistently (90% of the time) draws a usable drop of blood at that setting.About the OneTouch Delica lancets: They're extremely thin, and when the lancet depth setting is correct for my skin thickness, the stick is barely noticeable. Since I'm the only one in our family who has to check their glucose, I reuse a lancet 3-4 times before replacing it, and it's still sharp enough.My only slightly negative comment is that it's a little bit awkward trying to remove a used lancet from the lancet device with the plastic receptacle attached to the new lancet. Sometimes I just pop the old one out with my fingernail.I've been using the Delica lancets and lancet device for more than two years now, and I'm very satisfied with them.
I use this at the 3 setting and it's deep enough for a sample. I don't remember the name of my last lancet device but I know it hurt a lot more than this one.
great, used with the lancets could hardly feel anything, awsome for use.  durable. the rest of this message are fill ins cuz amazon require 20 words.
I have Diabetes and it need to test.  At least they are smaller and are less inconvenient then the other lancets.  How can you love something that stings (some time).
I'm not diabetic, but I deal with regular blood sugar instabilities.  Since going Paleo, I've been checking my blood sugar more regularly.  These prick less than any I've ever used.  I'm a fan.
I bought these lancets for the new lancing device, because my old one broke. Onetouch always had great lancing devices, but this one in my opinion is nowhere near greatness.The lancets are so small & crazy hard to get out of the lancing device. The needle part is super sharp and I've stabbed myself accidentally trying to get the lancet out of the device, or picking it up once it shot out while trying to get the thing out. If you drop one, be careful because these things are super hard pick up without getting poked.Since the needle is smaller I've had more trouble dialing up the lancet right to get a good sample. I end up poking more times than its worth to get a good sample & the smaller needle to me hurts worse than the old ones.These are good for someone who handles needles well, has no problems with their fingers being too big & clumsy and can see which end pokes before picking it up once the lancet falls out.For me, this is not a good product and I really wanted it to work. I'm going back to the old lancing device I had and lancets. These are too small for me to handle.
seems a little more complex to setup and break down but the consistent and repeatable piercing make it worthwhile.
I've used quite a few different lancing devices and lancets but this one so far has proven not too painful to use. It has a very tiny needle on it and I've never gotten a bruise from using it. I use one for about a week and then change it out. They don't seem to become dull very easily, which is nice. So, for me, these will last a good while. I recommend the OneTouch Delica lancing device and lancets.
The softest touch yet. Finally a lancet that doesn't leave a lasting pain. They've also added an eject button to easily pop out the used lancet.
What can be said about this item other that it fits my lancing device and that these are a must have fot those of us who have to check out blood glucose.
Excellent product. Does exactly as its advertised. I especially like the built in system to eject and cap the lancet for easy disposal. A lot of drugstores in my area don't even carry this brand because they're still relatively new so I was shopping all over town to find them until I thought to check Amazon.  I'm glad I did because with such a great price and super fast delivery I won't bother to shop for these in a physical store anymore.  I'll order from Amazon and have them delivered right to my home from now on.
When I was diagnosed with diabetes in 2011, my doctor referred me to a diabetes counselor, who gave me a starter testing kit with a OneTouch Ultra2 meter, a vial of OneTouch 25 test strips, some Delica lancets, and a Delica lancets device. She also set it up with a local pharmacy to mail me test strips and lancets every three months.Since the Delica lancets are used with the Delica lancet device, I'll mention both products. The Delica lancet device has worked very well for the last 2+ years. It has seven adjustable depth settings, and after experimenting awhile, I settled on #2 as the best setting for me. That's a shallow setting, but it consistently (90% of the time) draws a usable drop of blood at that setting.About the OneTouch Delica lancets: They're extremely thin, and when the lancet depth setting is correct for my skin thickness, the stick is barely noticeable. Since I'm the only one in our family who checks their glucose, I reuse a lancet 3-4 times before replacing it, and it's still sharp enough.My only slightly negative comment is that it's a little bit awkward trying to remove a used lancet from the lancet device with the plastic receptacle attached to the new lancet. Sometimes I just pop the old one out with my fingernail.I've been using the Delica lancets and lancet device for more than two years now, and I'm very satisfied with them.
There are very comfortable to use. You hardly feel it when you use these with the device they are made for. Best on the market!
As a newly diagnosed diabetic, I was required to buy a glucose metering system in order to check my glucose levels periodically. I chose the One Touch Ultra Mini with Delica lancets. Why? Because the Delica lancets are newer and advertised as providing a \"more comfortable testing.\"A needle is a needle, I thought. How can a needle EVER be \"more comfortable\"? But it's true. This needle is not painless, but it also is not painful. One feels a prick--nothing to complain about.Now, a comment on the low ratings in other reviews. I would like to address some of the points brought up. On my first use, that tiny needle did not go in. I tried again. The needle inserted but couldn't make a hole large enough to obtain the proper amount of blood, no mater how much I squeezed. Bummer! OK, read the instructions which explained to increase the number on the dial for a more forceful injection. I turned it to 6. Pow! Still not painful (as needles go), but startled. Decreased to 4. Ah, just right (for me). A soft jab and it's over. Still, I cannot say I don't feel it, but definitely not painful.Re: Pinpricks too small to squeeze out enough blood. Increase the dial to a higher number. The jab is harder and seemingly quicker but does have a hard enough force to create a large enough needle prick to get the exact amount of blood!Reviewers, if you still have the lancets, please try again. The Delicas are not a bad deal (as needles go). Besides, as long as the lancets help obtain treatment, I'm happy.
I had poor results with the Delica lancing device..  It sometimes gave enough blood, but also sometimes did not..  Either way the pain was the same.  Also, switching lancets is awkward.  I switched to the Accu Chek Fastclix lancing device and am never going back.
What can I say.  It does its job with puncturing my skin to draw blood so that I can test my blood for Type 2 Diabetes.  just found out that I haf it.
I used these in the past until my device malfunctioned.  They work great and you do not feel the prick as much as you do with some of the other lancets.
This is the one part of my One Touch kit that I will continue to use.  The needle is about half the size of most lancets, and I have to test often so that's really important to me.  You do have to have their lancet holder because the base of these lancets is shaped differently than most.  They also cost more, but I feel it's well worth the cost.
I tried these and I find that I am going back to my One Touch UltraSoft lancets with my Penlet Plus device. These lancets are so delicate that sometimes the tip even bends before taking the cap off. I often had to try several times to get blood, even with deeper settings. However, with the One Touch UltraSoft, I can get blood even with a shallow setting on my Penlet Plus lancing device, and I can always get blood with just one prick. But these Delica lancets may work well with children as they would have very fine skin on their fingers. I am a small female and it doesn't take much to prick my finger, but these are just too delicate. I don't recommend them for males as I have noticed it takes a deeper setting even with my One Touch UltraSoft lancets to get a drop from my husband's finger. I also don't care for the shape of the Delica lancing device. It is too fat and short, and it doesn't fit in my insulin package as well as my Penlet Plus device.I'm giving the product two stars as it may work well with children.
good hardly feel it, great for daily use, no pain, wonderful.  the rest of this message are fill ins cuz amazon require 20 words.
The taste is fine and I actually enjoy taking this supplement as it gives my brain a boost.  If you don't like the taste, I am sure you will get used to it....the first few times were a little funky but now I like the taste!  More importantly, I feel better when taking this and notice that I have less inflammation in my body. I usually take some organic, grass fed ghee along side this to get the synergistic effect of the k2, without having to spend way too much money on butter oil.  I have heard it is better to take this on an empty stomach, so I take it(and the ghee) before I am about to start preparing dinner to give my body 20-30 minutes to process this. With all the research showing cardio protective and anti inflammatory benefits of fish oil, I think it is a safeguard to use this stuff, especially this brand since the oil is not altered like all of the rest, even the ones in health food stores, unfortunately. Another important detail to note is that I absolutely never burp this up and I have had that problem with every single one of the other brands I have tried, that factor alone confirms that this is the only one so far my body can recognize and digest.
excellent product! Its fish oil so it not going to taste like ice cream or anything, but the cinnamon is strong enough that it will help you get it down. Green Pastures makes excellent products... Excellent for those with Celiac's and/or on Paleo diet.
Other than being a little expensive, the product is good.  But all the reviews I have read have been poor (not that I am a great reviewer).  Here is my view:1. This product has a fresh smell and taste.  It doesn't smell like dead fish.  It tastes like a cooking oil with a slight fishy oil taste mixed with whatever flavor.  I had the Chocolate Cream, which is no longer offered.2. This product IS AN OIL!  I read so many reviews about people chasing it with water or orange juice or whatever - sorry, oil and water don't mix.  I chase it with chocolate milk or hot chocolate or something with an EMUSLIFIER in it, so that it dissolves the oil off the tongue.  I also read tons of reviews about how finicky people play games trying to eat it.  I just keep mine at room temperature and pour it out on an ordinary tablespoon, and spoon the whole thing into my mouth and swallow, no problem.  Then take a drink of chocolate milk, and the oil is all gone from my mouth.  Simple.  It's not bad at all.  But it will linger in the mouth if you don't do something to chase it, and that is not particularly tasty.3. Personally, I was having gum problems.  A year ago, I fell asleep exhausted with some chewy breakfast fruit bar in my mouth, and woke up with a hell of a gum infection, and over a year, no amount of flossing, water-piking, and brushing would cure.  I got rid of the \"big\" infection, but I remained with inflammed gums regardless of care, and they receeded a bit too.  After taking this product for 3 days, they are completely healed after a year of non-stop war to keep my mouth clean.  I can even feel the \"teething pain\" of the gums firming up - I don't know if it will help heal cavities, but I do know it will definitely assist in gum health, especially for older people, or those under heavy chemtrails, and are not getting sunlight/VitD anymore (and for some people in the USA, they sun shines only a few days per year - wake up people).  I did take multi-vitamins with VitD, so, I think there is more to it than just that.  I also notice less of the old age aches and pains and stiffness after just a week or two.The modern diet sucks, I don't know what else to say without writing a book.ps. supplier and product reviews should be separate.  Amazon needs to figure a way out to do this.  all product reviews shouldn't disappear just because a supplier does, and vice versa.
Once you get past the weird taste of cinnamon and fish it's really not so bad.  I think the cinnamon bothers me more than the fish so next time I will order it unflavored.  The benefits of taking FCLO far outweigh the funky taste of the oil.
I have used this brand of fermented CLO for 2 months now, to improve my Vitamin D & A blood levels. I have read of the importance of getting nutrients from food, and of vitamins A & D working synergistically, so I like the idea of using the whole oil, fermented. Throughout history various cultures have used some method of fermentation, such as kimchi, sauerkraut (the non-pasteurized sort), beer, pickles, beet kvass, etc. Where most fish oils are highly processed leaving ONLY a measureable amount of vitD, and none of the other micronutrients, this fish oil (CLO) is fermented.Because I live in the Pacific Northwest and don't get as much sun as I need, I use this product on days when I am indoors. I don't use it on days when I eat salmon. The Cinnamon Tingle is the only flavor I have tried so far and actually find it quite pleasant. I like fish and would still take it even if it did smell or taste fishy, because it's good for me. Then again, I also like pickled herring, so maybe that's the difference - ha! Only on a rare day do I notice any fishy taste, and the cinnamon really does give my tongue a tingle. :)For information about this product you could check out Diane Sanfillipo's website Balanced Bites. And when you order the Green Pastures Blue Ice CLO, be sure to add Diane's book, Practical Paleo, to your purchase!
Definitely feel better 
Green Pasture's Blue Ice Fermented Cod Liver Oil No Added Flavors is the best cod liver oil you can buy, as far as I have been able to research.The flavor does indeed take some discipline to get by, but as a liquid it can be accurately measured for quantity, and you are not getting any additives.  It has essential fats and natural vitamin A and Vitamin D. Generations of people have been kept healthy by it.
This contains milk & cannot have milk products but there was no warning in the description. Wish we could have taken though
Sorry Amazoners, but I am going to cheat a little here. I have had this brand of cod liver oil, but not the Oslo Orange flavor. I had the cinnamon tingle, which doesn't seem to be listed for sale on Amazon yet. I'll post this review in the hopes that they put cinnamon tingle up.If you are going to buy CLO, and you can afford it, buy the cinnamon tingle! The flavor is not as bad as I thought it would be. The cinnamon tingle did not have a fishy taste, although every now and then I would get a whiff of fishy smell. It basically tastes like Big Red gum or cinnamon flavored hard candies. And you only need 1/2 tsp for a daily dose, so it is very manageable.I haven't had Oslo Orange, but if they did as good of a job disguising the fishy taste in Orange as they did with Cinnamon, I would bet the taste will be fine.If you can't afford this, I recommend Carlson's lemon flavored CLO. And the best price you will find for that ANYWHERE is right here on Amazon.
A high-quality product with a neutral taste.  I wish there were better nutritional and dosage information on the bottle, but that is my only complaint.
Gave it to my 2 years old son, I mixed it in his soup. He got a very bad Diarrhea from it that lasted 5 days,. I gave just 1/4 tsp. He at first complained of stomach ache..
For objective purposes, I have had lab work done while taking this product. My vitamin D levels were low. This is strange, though, because I am outside for several hours per week in the sun. With this product, they were still low. I don't know why, but if you have low levels of vitamin D, you might not be able to rely on this product to get them up to par. I was not able...but being out in the sun didn't help me either. Who knows why. At least I know I what benefits I get out of the product and which I don't.What I do notice is some 'pep' or energy after taking this. It is immediate and lasts for hours. It's enough that I only take it in the mornings, and that if I take it at night, it interferes with my sleep. I should note that I am more likely to notice these effects than others may be. But, the feeling is there. I would describe it as positive, but it seems to bring on a little antsy-ness too. The syringe that comes with the product helps measure out the tiny 'dose' that is recommended. A word of caution with this fermented variety -- don't let it drip on anything. I suspect it may even 'stain' a metal sink due to its acidity. As far as the taste, it is acceptable. Just follow it up with some water, and brush your teeth afterward. (Bad advice would be to take this before a romantic 'venture' or before going to the dentist.)One negative with this product is that is seems to cause in me skin breakouts, maybe once or twice a week. Very minimal, but when one does come around, it takes a few days of rubbing it with moisturizer before it 'fades' away. It's a bit like a zit, but it's just a red spot that eventually goes away but faster so if you rub it with lotion. (I never get these without first taking this oil.) I am guessing this could be due to the lack of a filtering process in their oil. Take the good with the bad.What stands out to me is that the product isn't as processed or 'tampered with' as other varieties. Yes, it smells more, but it's kind of like trying to complain what while suntanning, one gets hot. What is the tradeoff in choosing products that have been filtered and more?I also have tried a bottle ofCarlson The Very Finest Fish Oil Liquid Omega-3 Lemon, 500ml. It has no fishy taste at all, and the bottle says it is free of vitamins A and D. The lemon flavor is just overpowering, way too strong. I'd rather a fishy taste than that strong lemon flavor. How do they remove the A and D vitamins? becomes the question because this product says that it does have some, but that the levels vary per batch. (Per the manufacturer's information.) I'm interested in knowing how Carlson's makes their product so free of fishy taste and whether or not that interferes with what things are in the oil. In other words, if they are heating it, I would say that destroys the nutrients.I would recommend to anyone to try this and other varieties and see what feels better to you. Taste should not be a factor. Deal with the fishy taste if it's healthy benefits that you're after. This product is around or even cheaper than other oils because it lasts longer as the dose is so small.
The label of this product indicates it is a source of FAT.  Yes, Oil is fat- and at 70$ a crack, there's a sucker bornevery minute.  If someone is going to charge 70 bucks for a tiny bottle of oil, get it tested to ascertain nutrients- sincemost people are purchasing it as an alleged vitamin D and vitamin A source.I am back to Carlsons cod liver oil, which at least provides me with a stated value per spoonful of NUTRIENTS-frankly, if I want FAT , I can get FAT any number of places, for a lot less $$.  I would even recommend searching for somelocal spring butter, which would be high in vitamins D and A, and buying it up for the season, using it as a nutrientdense source of vitamins D and A.  Or if you just want FAT, get a bottle of olive oil or some lard.In short, this ;product does not assure of being a source of vitamin D or A, or anything besides FAT.
Really, how good can gold cod liver oil taste?  Not bad with cinnamon.  Who knew?  We have been using this product for over a year.  Keep it in the fridge.  Expensive but worth it.
This Cinnamon Tingle is far better tasting than any of the other flavors.  People know about fermented cod liver oil.  This is about the taste; it is very tolerable.  My trainer strongly recommended FCLO.  I had a significant  amount of difficulty swallowing others.  This is very easy, it's not too spicy.  It's a little difficult to find but worth the search.  Order confidently.
While this product is good, and is what I expected it to be, the whole bottle was covered it liquid when it arrived. The bottle and dropper were wrapped in heat-shrink plsatic, but the lid was not screwed down tightly and had leaked through the package during shipment. It was not a significant volume lost, but it was quite a mess to clean up.
So, I've been taking this product for 10 days... Let me preface, There is no change in my diet or nutrition except for this.My hair is stronger and shinier (no I did not have weak and brittle hair), my teeth are starting to feel less sensitive to things, My skin is WAY healthier and around my eyes has tightened up, I have more energy and all in all, feel generally better than what was my usual.I started with 2ml and have been slowly working my way up to a full syringe to allow my body to get used to it since I had read people had some loose stools for the first 2 days.Also,I had taken cod liver oil before (but, it was not fermented) as well I had taken just fish oil.... I had not noticed the same type
This is my kid's favorite flavor of FCLO.  They are seven and three.  I've given them the chocolate FCLO/Butter Oil before and they both literally vomited, but they'll take this orange one right off the spoon.  They aren't thrilled about it, and I give them a chaser of elderberry syrup, but they do it.
I'm a female over 50 with over 50# to lose, blood pressure to lower, hyper-somnia most days, insomnia most nights, red rosacea type spots on my face, constant post nasal drip, migraines, severe brain fog, depression, blah, blah, blah...........By this honest assessment I'm sure you are envisioning a pathetic looking monster, but &#34;most&#34; symptoms aren't noticeable to those around me. I truly believe that all my maladies would be manageable and may even disappear with proper nutrition. So onward to health and happiness! After many years of research (mostly web) I purchased the Blue Ice butter oil/FCLO cinnamon flavored. It arrived yesterday, therefor I took my first dose....not bad at all. It seemed to alleviate a slight headache that had plaguing me throughout the day (maybe just a coincidence).I will update my progress after a month or so in order to give a fair assessment of this product. Check out the following: Spirit of Health (free shipping over $50) or Renewed Health (free shipping) it is much cheaper and the shipping is free.
I have been taking this product for a little over 2 months. I had taken other brands of vitamin D previously, but this form (fermented) literally transformed my health, and the health of a friend who is undergoing cancer treatment. Immediately I noticed the following positive changes:* Improvement in pain reduction for muscular injury. I now take this supplement instead of Motrin for pain (muscle & bone). It has calmed my osteoarthritis pain considerably.* Better cognitive function (bye bye brain fog)& improved mood. I don't consider myself to be \"depressed\", but it helped anyway. Grey cloudy weather also doesn't affect me the way it used to.* Healthier teeth and gums. I've had my share of problems with both. I also have little or no plaque on my teeth. One tooth that was rather sensitive feels fine now. The proof was in my last visit to the dentist, that tooth no longer needs treatment & my dental hygienist had very little to do in cleaning my teeth.* My tongue looks very different & is much healthier. If you're into acupuncture & know about tongue diagnosis, you'll understand the importance of this.* Energy level is much improved.* Insomnia improved. I take magnesium/calcium (1000 mg.) along with 2 caps, and I sleep soundly. The cal/mag combination didn't do much for me before taking the fermented D with it.* I no longer get colds or flu, even though I'm often exposed to people (with kids) who are sick.* My complexion looks healthier, and people have asked what I've been doing differently. I've only been taking this supplement.* Recovery from injury or working out is much faster. I'm not as sore the following day after exercise. My body seems to bounce back quicker.I was a vegetarian for many years, and unfortunately that didn't work for me in the long run. Due to that fact, I've had a few deficiencies to contend with. I was rather deficient in D even though I was taking another (supposedly \"high quality\") supplement. I started taking this brand (caps, I can't handle the oil) and I'm VERY pleased with the results. The price @ Amazon is the SAME(it runs $30 wherever you go, that's the retail price) as a local health food store. Unfortunately they run out of it very quickly, so I order it here as well. The shipping cost is very cheap (!), the same as shipping a CD.* I prefer the capsules over taking the oil because it doesn't \"revisit\" me later or give me indigestion. I wish I could say the same about Omega oil...I hate burping up fish! Anyhow, no stomach upset with these capsules :)My friend who is undergoing cancer treatment has felt a vast improvement in well-being since she started taking this supplement. She feels that this has made a huge difference in improving her energy level & immune system. She's in her 70's and is receiving radiation & chemo for a tumor. If you know someone who is suffering with cancer (or cancer treatment) this product may be very helpful, and will not create stomach upset which can be common with chemotherapy.I give this product 5 stars due to the many positive changes in my health, and the fact I will take this product as long as it's around, hopefully that will be a long time. I take a therapeutic dose (6-8 caps daily) and am being monitored by my physician since I am deficient.
Before I bought this I tried Green Pasture's Fermented Cod Liver Oil/Butter Oil blend, in gel form.  I have a really strong gag reflex and I just couldn't get it down.I've read about the benefits of FCLO and Butter Oil, though, and I really wanted to be taking them, so I went ahead and ordered a bottle of orange flavor capsules, a bottle of unflavored capsules, and a bottle of butter oil capsules.First of all, in case you don't realize, if you're taking capsules and you want to be taking 1 tsp per day (per WAPF guidelines), you need to take 8 of these capsules per day.  If you're pregnant or breastfeeding, you need to be taking 16 capsules (2 tsp) per day.  That means, if you want all of the benefits of FCLO, this bottle of 120 capsules will last you 7-15 days.  If you can tolerate the flavor, the oil in liquid form is MUCH more economical.So, on to my experience of these capsules: they are really disgusting.  If there is any orange flavor to it, I haven't noticed it, because it smells too much like fish.  The capsules definitely are NOT odorless.  When I take them, I wait until I'm eating something with a fairly strong flavor--lately, lasagna--then, I hold my breath, put three of these in my mouth, and drink water as quick as I can, and then immediately put a bite of food in my mouth.  Sometimes I still gag on the capsules a little, and usually I taste the gross fish taste as they go down.  Once in a while I have a fishy burp, which is absolutely disgusting.  Overall, though, this process works for me, and I'm glad I've found a way to get the stuff down.Compared to the unflavored capsules: honestly, these orange ones have had a much stronger gross fish flavor.  The company claims that flavor really varies by batch, often just because of the fish's diet...that makes sense to me.  So, I suspect I will continue to notice variation among different bottles.  The color of these orange ones is a pretty golden orange, which looks much more appealing than the color of the unflavored ones; those are a really gross looking dark brown.I am also taking these with butter oil (in capsules).  Happily, the butter oil pretty much has no flavor at all.Someone else mentioned Amazon was the cheapest they found this stuff.  Actually, it isn't. Today, Amazon is charging $31/bottle.  The manufacturer's website sells this for $30/bottle (if you order 1-5 products), or less if you order more products ($25 each if you order 6-11 products, and $22 if you order 12+ products).  They do let you mix and match if you want to order the butter oil or something else to get a lower price.So, in conclusion, this stuff is disgusting, but I believe that it is worth taking anyway.  I've been taking it for about a week now, and I've already ordered my next batch.  I ordered 3 more of these orange flavored ones, plus a bottle of the orange flavored liquid, and a bottle of butter oil liquid.  The capsules have really helped me adjust to the flavor, and I am hoping to transition to liquids in the future, because this is expensive!I highly recommend these capsules to anyone who had trouble taking non-capsules.  These are easier to swallow.
Green Pasture Blue Ice Fermented Cod Liver Oil - Orange Flavor actually does have an orange flavor. It doesn't completely hide the cod liver oil flavor. But it's enough so that it's palatible. My accupuncturist highly recommends this product. It's the only one she will use herself & recommend to her patients. I trust her recommendations. Also, Amazon was the best priced site for this product.
green pasture might be the best brand out there, but the company practices PRICE FIXING. my local store sold this and other products by them at a slight discount. $40 instead of $45, that's the whole point of the store, to help the customer save money. Anyhow, the scoundrels at Green Pasture pulled it from that store and refused to sell it to them anymore. Just when people were starting to get benefits from the cod liver oil. such a shady, greedy company.go ahead and vote &#34;not helpful&#34; if you love paying higher prices.
We take this every day and the whole family takes it. No after taste. Easy to swallow. Does not upset our stomache. Love this product.
Never gives me fish burps, and my toddler loves it-- he just chews up the capsules. Never would have guessed it.
I still get fish burps sometimes but its a good product, the only down side is that the price jumped up by twenty dollars, that's why I gave it only 3 stars.
I love this stuff but I love the price I got on the orange as opposed to the butter one-I can eat butter lol! Dosage is 8 though not 2 but I do take 2 at a time.
These caps taste nasty even with orange flavor. I was only taking 3 a day and as the days went on I developed horrendous nausea which got worse and worse.  It was some of the worst nausea I've ever experienced. Too bad because my adult acne was really starting to clear up.
I've been taking this for about 4 years...I cannot believe how even my nails have become stronger...this is a fermented product...doesn't have after taste but a superior brand...wouldn't use anything else...started taking the liquid which for me is better on my stomach.
My doctor recommended that I use this product.  When I looked for it in my local health food store I got this song and dance about how they stopped carrying it because it tastes so nasty no one will buy it.  Knowing that the emulsified version of a fish oil usually is more palatable, I asked about the emulsified version.  I got another song and dance about how it tastes even worse than the oil.  Then I checked Amazon reviews only to find many negative reviews about the taste.  I ordered it anyway because my doctor recommended it, especially after I called him back to ask him about it, and he said he takes it, and  it doesn't taste bad to him.  Now that I am taking it, I can't see where it tastes any worse than any other fish oil capsule or liquid.  In fact, the fish flavor is quite mild.  There is no hint of rancidity, which is what I think gives some fish oil products their bad taste.It sounds to me like someone is trying to eliminate the competition by dissing this product.  So often resellers push whatever they get the best percentage of profit from.  Could this be the problem?  I can tell you that the credibility of my local health food store has been in question ever since I bought this product from Amazon and tried it for myself.  I had always depended on them for good advice on products, but now I'm not so sure I will get it.  If I thought it was terrible I would not have re-ordered, and I intend to keep on re-ordering because as far as I'm concerned the criticism of this product's taste  is unfounded.One thing I always keep in mind about fish oil products is that if they are utterly devoid of a fish taste or smell, there probably isn't any fish oil in them.One other thing about fish oil.  My chiropractor recommends it to people with acne.  One of his patients that I know had a remarkable clearing of his skin just from taking the cheapest kind of fish oil from the local grocery store.  I think he took 3 capsules a day.  My former chiropractor in another city told me that his mother received remarkable relief from arthritis pain from taking 1 or more tablespoons of emulsified cod liver oil a day which she made up herself my adding cod liver oil to milk.  As I recall, some years back there was quite a bit of advertising of the remarkable relief from arthritis some professional golfers got from taking fish oil.  At that time I was living in yet another city, and I went to my local health food store and asked about it.  The owner told me that the average person can't afford to take the amount they took to get the results they got.  So you hear all these stories.  My comment is still the same as the heading of this review:  Find Out For Yourself What Works and What Doesn't.
I think I may be alone here but I really like the taste of the cinnamon butter/cod liver oil blend. I braced myself, taking a few deep breaths as I've never cared for the taste of plain cod liver oil. Being fermented sounded thoroughly disgusting to me. To my surprise, I found I liked it -- like tasting sweet, spicy butter.Maybe it's because I sometime put a few straight drops of (good quality) essential oils in my mouth and then chase with water but I didn't find the heat uncomfortable. I can't speak to the health benefits as I've just started taking it but I have a lot of respect for Sally Fallon and the Weston Price Foundation. I'm so very happy I like the taste.I shopped around and found a better price elsewhere but am glad Amazon is carrying this product and that good reviews are available.If you like this product, I recommend checking out the Weston Price Foundation. I just became a member and really appreciated the various brochures they included in my membership package, including one on cod liver oil. They also have a lot of information on their site.
I purchased this because I read from the reviews that the oil would \"set up\" and solidifies in the refrigerator. This is supposed to allow people to take bits of it (in solified form) to swallow in an easier manner. I purchased it and refrigerated it (trying at different temperatures, and eventually turning the refrigerator to the coldest temperature). It never would set up, and the stuff is terrible to take in a normal (spoonful) way. I just feel that I wasted quite a bit of money on this.
This stuff tastes great and I can tell the difference in my mood and how my brain feels.  Did not have to take for very long to notice.  I like the natural Vitamin D and that there is no synthetic vitamin D added.  Also helps if you like the taste of cinnamon because it has a very intense cinnamon flavor.
I have been taking this now for approximately four months and just went to the dentist 3 days ago for my semi-annual cleaning and check-up. No cavities! I am 65 years old and this is the first time in 3 years that I have had a check=up with no cavities. My wife had three cavities but does not take it regularly. Her bottle was full yet when mine was empty and I had to reorder. Interestingly enough her teeth have always been in great shape and she usually has no cavities. Age and fillings that are 50 years old are catching up with her I guess.
I have read about this product, in two books, before I ordered it. I also read reviews posted here. It is excellent and does all that is claimed about it. It also tastes good.  To avoid cinnamon burning the back of the throat, let the gel dissolve under your tongue, then swallow.
We have now used up 5 or 6 bottles (my wife and me).  She says she does not like it but still takes it.  It does not bother me, although strong. However, you might want to try something we have been using with it recently : raw organic coconut oil.  We take the cinamon tingle followed with or right after by a tbls of coconut oil.  It all goes right down.By the way at Spirit of Health it is $49.00 plus $5.00 shipping
**Update**Now that I've been taking this for a few months... I can tell you that it has REALLY helped my acne. It hasn't solved it completely, but it has helped a ton. Combined with using Manuka Honey as a face mask twice a day, I now only have 2-5 pimples at a time, which is a huge improvement.I actually started to wonder if the FCLO was helping, I thought \"maybe something else I'm doing is working.\" And then I ran out, and had to wait 2 weeks for the next shipment to come in... my skin went INSANE. After a week back on FCLO, it was back to being better. Now I know for sure, my body needs this stuff!New bottles: the cinnamon taste on this batch is weaker, so I can taste more of the fish. It's not hard to take, though. I think there are so many differing opinions on the flavor simply because each batch is different.Original review below:I'm almost 30, and I have developed adult acne in the last 2 years. I've been taking this cinnamon gel for a week and a half- and I can already tell that my skin is getting clearer. The pimples I had are healing, and no new ones are coming up in their place. I had read that it takes 2 weeks to notice a difference in acne, and 4-6 weeks for completely clear skin with this product- so I am happy to already be able to know that it is working! I spend a lot of money on good, quality skin products, but ultimately I realized that the cure probably needs to come from the inside, not topical applications. Internet research led me to this supplement, over and over, so I'm glad I finally decided to give it a whirl! Combined with my Clarisonic and my Aveda products, I finally feel like I've found a system that works, inside and out.Also, I feel like it has helped my digestive system, weirdly enough. I haven't changed anything in my diet (other than starting to take the cod liver oil/butter blend), but I've been extremely \"regular\" every day that I've taken this. TMI, probably.I also feel like I've been less stressed, and happier, but it hasn't been long enough to definitively say \"it's because of the supplement.\" It could be hormones... or just me being overly-hopeful about this stuff being the miracle-cure I've read about. Honestly, just clearing up my acne could be lifting my spirits. But I do feel what other reviewers have said- you don't forget to take it because you have a sense that your body WANTS it, needs it. It's a strange thing, and I always wonder if it's all in my head. I don't think it is.Now into the details that everyone worries about- it doesn't taste bad! I refrigerate it so that it becomes solid, and use the \"scoop it out with a knife, scrape it off with the back of your teeth, and swallow it like a pill\" technique that you will see in other reviews- so it barely ever touches my tongue. All I am left with is a hint of cinnamon-ey goodness, and I always eat something small right after and then brush my teeth. The first few days it would mildly upset my stomach, but then I realized that eating with it stopped that from happening (or drinking something hot, like tea). The bottle recommends taking 1/2 tsp a day, but I take that dose when I first wake up and also right before I go to sleep- I wanted to start off strong. Once my skin is clear, I will try and decrease to the recommended dose, and see if that will maintain it. This stuff is so expensive.I will say that I feel so confident about this supplement that I went to the green pastures website and ordered 3 more bottles. You can't always order it through them, because they run out of this flavor frequently. They charge $49 with $23 shipping, so it's not THAT different from the amazon price, however if you order multiple bottles through the company the price becomes more reasonable because the shipping applies to the whole order. All in all, for 3 bottles through the company, I'm paying $59 per bottle (inc. s/h), instead of the $72 (inc. s/h) I paid for one bottle on Amazon. But I had to regularly check the green pastures site to see if they had any... 4 times I checked and they were out. If that happens again and I need some fast, I'll probably suck it up and pay the amazon amount because I already believe in this stuff.I'll try and remember to update again when I hit 4-6 weeks, to let everyone know how my skin is doing!! I have high hopes, so we'll see.
But the jar makes it quite difficult to extract, especially if you are trying to follow the dosing guidelines.  Otherwise, five stars.
I must have looked at this product 25 times before buying it. I used the capsules for a while but you have to take quite a few of them to get the same benefit you can get from one swallow of this gel. So, I would look at it, read the reviews and think \"No way. These people must be kidding themselves. It's got to taste like fish.\" But it seriously doesn't. It's actually a really pleasant flavor that I look forward to each night after dinner. I took the advice of other reviewers and keep it in the fridge. I use a butter knife to scoop a bit out, use my teeth or tongue to wipe it off and swallow it with a swig of water. I don't find the cinnamon flavor too hot. It's actually a bit sweet and tastes like Big Red gum.
My first bottle was the chocolate cream flavor and let me tell you, it tastes nothing like chocolate and it was really REALLY hard for me to take it without gagging. I managed to take most of the bottle (somehow?) but before I finished it, I bought the Cinnamon flavor on sale. Man, what a difference!! When I take the Cinnamon flavor, i actually LICK THE SPOON! I love it!! I honestly don't think I can finish the chocolate cream flavor so (don't shoot me) I really think I'm just going to throw the rest of it out. I actually look FORWARD to taking the Cinnamon Tingle! As for health benefits, honestly I have no idea if it's doing anything yet but I heard it takes at least 30 days to see benefits. With the chocolate one, I started taking it in the spring and then I got sick with a cold one day and just stopped taking it because I didn't think I could stomach it. Looking back I probably shouldn't have stopped but oh well, I'm sure I can stomach the cinnamon flavored one now even if I'm sick, so maybe I'll notice a difference this time!
I am supprised at how palateable the taste is. I can actually choke it down. The cinnomen covers the after taste. I have used other fish oils that tasted like old fish all day. I haven't. Been useing it for long but I think my energy has improved and my teeth feel tighter. If the oil is doing it I will continue to use it.
You really can't get a much bet
This is a great product. I have used green pastures products for a couple of years now. I tried them after reading about Dr. Weston Price&#8217;s research into health, including dental health. I had a couple of cavities, after 40 years with only 1 before. After trying GPs royal butter and fermented cod liver oil - the dentist could not find the cavities. It has been 2 years now with no cavities. I have also been blest to find a local source for raw butter from grass fed cattle - also a plus.
I AM WRITING THIS IN CAPS BECAUSE I WOULD YELL THIS AT YOU IF I WERE TALKING INSTEAD OF...THIS...THIS NASTY TASTING STUFF IS HEALING MY SON'S CAVITIES! EVEN HIS DENTIST IS IN A STATE OF SHOCK! I TOTALLY CHANGED MY SON'S DIET FROM LOTS OF ORGANIC FRUITS TO A WESTON A. PRICE DIET, BUT WHEN I ADDED THIS I GOT BIG RESULTS AND FAST!MY SONS UPPER 4 FRONT TEETH HAD MAJOR YELLOW BROWN DECAY ACROSS THE FRONT TOP HALF IN THE MIDDLE TWO AND OVER THE WHOLE SURFACE ON THE SMALLER TWO. HE ALSO HAD A GROWING HOLE IN ONE FRONT TOOTH. I TOOK HIM TO A DENTIST A MONTH AGO. HE CONFIRMED THIS DIAGNOSIS OF ADVANCED CARIES. I CHANGED HIS DIET THEN AND AGAIN A WEEK LATER TO EXCLUDE GRAINS. I READ SOME WESTON A PRICE AND ALSO CURE TOOTH DECAY BY THE NUTTY EXTREMIST GUY RAMIEL NIGEL? I ALWAYS GET HIS NAME WRONG. BOTH BOOKS WERE ON AMAZON. ONCE I ADDED GRASS FED LIVER TO THE MENU (MAJOR YUCK) AND THIS STUFF, THINGS REALLY CHANGED.THIS IS AS CLOSE TO INSTANT RESULTS IN A BOTTLE AS YOU CAN GET. IN JUST 2 WEEKS, MY SONS TEETH LOOK VERY DIFFERENT!!!!!!!! I CHECK THESE UGLY TEETH EVERY DAY. I JUST KNEW THEY WOULD HAVE TO BE REMOVED OR SOMETHING AND I HAVE BEEN DEPRESSED FOR MONTHS ABOUT IT. I AM SOOOOO HAPPY NOW, THEY ARE GETTING BETTER! BETTER! THEY ARE GETTING VERY WHITE ALONG THE GUM LINE A LITTLE MORE THAN 1/4 WAY DOWN, WHERE IT WAS ALL PREVIOUSLY DARK YELLOW. THE /BROWN YELLOW HALF OF THE TOOTH IS NOW A THIN, YELLOW LINE WITH FLECKS OF WHITE IN IT. THE SMALLER TEETH NOW HAVE WHITE SHOWING ON THEM AROUND THE ENTIRE PERIMETERS. THE HOLE HAS A SHARP EDGE INSTEAD OF A SOFT CHALKY ETCHED BORDER AND ITS NOT YELLOW ANYMORE. THE DISCOLORED AREAS ON THE BACK OF THE TEETH ARE SMALLER.EVEN IF THIS IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS, IT LOOKS SO MUCH BETTER THAN IT USED TO AND I AM HAPPY. I WILL UPDATE WITH PROGRESS OR IF STABILITY IS REACHED OR IF THE CONDITION REGRESSES.THIS MAY TASTE AWFUL, BUT WHO CARES! SERIOUSLY IF IT WAS PENGUIN POOP, I'D EAT IT IF IT HAD THESE EFFECTS...IT USED TO SUCK MAKING MY SON EAT IT (i'VE FIGURED OUT THE BEST WAY NOW AND HE ACTUALLY GETS EXCITED ABOUT EATING IT NOW-WEIRD-LOOK AT UPDATE), BUT I'D RATHER HIM HAVE AN UNPLEASANT MINUTE THAN HOURS IN A DENTAL CHAIR HAVING FEAR, PAIN, ANESTHESIA AND TRAUMA FOR A \"FIX\" THAT FURTHER DEGRADES HIS TEETH.WAKE UP PEOPLE AND FIX YOUR TEETH THE RIGHT WAY! WITH CHOCOLATE FLAVORED FISH GUTS AND COW LACTATION OIL! BUY THIS FROM A WESTON A PRICE AREA LEADER WHO WON'T CHARGE YOU EXTRA. I GOT MINE FOR 50$ WITH SHIPPING. I WOULD PAY 100$, NO $500 BUCKS FOR THESE RESULTS PER BOTTLE! SERIOUSLY IT WORKS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE RIGHT DIET!Update...we are still using this stuff to keep my son in good health. He has had all 4 molars and canines come in...they are all absolutely perfect looking and very white. His decayed teeth have not gotten worse...they have stayed stable and our dentist is monitoring them every 3 months. He says if they aren't progressively decaying and hurting my son, than he wont suggest any procedures as our options would be merely cosmetic and temporary due to the size and nature of decay...basically, if he ground away the affected areas no cap would stay on and we would just have the absence of teeth below the gum line.The fclobutter blend is something we take every day. I got my son to actually like and accept his fclo by freezing it inGood Living Silicone Mini Ice Cube Tray, 3-Packthese trays (I wrote a review on the trays with instructions)  and cutting the mounds in half keeping them in the freezer. My son gets his \"cookie\" after dinner and before bed in stead of dessert and loves it. I have to swallow my pellets in 1/4s and without chewing because I cant handle the taste. This way I hardly get a hint of the flavor. I am taking 2 tsp a day during pregnancy. My son who is almost 2 gets about 1/2 tsp.We find that getting out vitamin d and a from this supplement is much better than through plant based raw formulas and of course far superior to synthetic vitamins which do almost nothing for anyone. Make sure u also eat a healthy diet high in the right fats (BECAUSE THESE ARE FAT SOLUBLE VITAMINS IN HERE-NOT JUST WATER SOLUBLE)and eliminate processed (EMPTY) foods and toxins.Since changing our diet to one similar to one the Weston a price foundation supports, my husband and I have lost a ton of weight, him about 30 lbs and me about 22...but I'm pregnant now. My son eats so much but looks thin and well toned. Everyone says he weighs a lot -I believe its because he is getting dense bones from all the natural minerals and available calcium in raw and fermented raw dairy. Pasteurized dairy does not have the necessary enzymes to process the calcium in milk and the calcium is dead when heated. We also have added magnesium oil/lotion and baths to our regimen to promote healthy bones and teeth.  My husband, son and I have not been sick or ill since changing our diets and adding this fclo blend to our diets.  Better health through nutrition is our goal and belief.UPDATE: I THOUGHT IT WAS NOTABLE TO RELAY SOME FURTHER SUCCESS IN MY SON'S TEETH SAGA: WE HAVE CONTINUED TO PURSUE OUR NUTRITIONAL GOALS AND LIFESTYLE, BUT WE HAVE ALL STARTED TAKING MAGNESIUM SUPPLEMENTATION ORALLY IN ADDITION TO OUR MAGNESIUM CHLORIDE AND MAGNESIUM SULFATE BATHS AS WELL AS THE MAGNESIUM OIL/LOTION (HOME-MADE-CHECK FOR RECIPES ONLINE). WE DECIDED TO ADD THIS SUPPLEMENT TO OUR DAILY SUPPLEMENTAL REGIMEN OF BONE BROTH, FCLO+BO AND COCONUT OIL (BOTH FOR OIL PULLING AND EATING). SINCE ADDING IN OIL PULLING-I HAVE REVERSED A SMALL CAVITY IN UNDER A MONTH IN ONE OF MY MOLARS AND ALL MY DARK STAINING AROUND MY GUM LINE HAS LIGHTENED OR DISAPPEARED. SINCE ADDING THE MAGNESIUM TO MY SON'S DIET-I HAVE SEEN THE YELLOW HORIZONTAL LINES ACROSS HIS FRONT TEETH GET LIGHTER AND NARROWER STILL. MAGNESIUM IS COMPLEMENTARY TO FCLO.MAGNESIUM MUST BE PROPORTIONATE TO CALCIUM IN THE DIET IN ORDER FOR TEETH AND BONES TO FORM PROPERLY. I READ THE BOOK \"THE MAGNESIUM MIRACLE\"The Magnesium Miracle (Revised and Updated), AND LEARNED JUST HOW IMPORTANT GETTING ENOUGH MAGNESIUM IN YOUR DIET REALLY IS. WE ALL KNOW ABOUT HOW IMPORTANT CALCIUM IS-BUT NOBODY SEEMS TO UNDERSTAND THAT MAGNESIUM IS JUST AS IMPORTANT FOR FORMING STRONG BONES! SO IF YOU ARE GOING FOR OPTIMAL NUTRITION-OR TRYING TO RESTORE YOUR TEETH-I'D SUGGEST READING THAT BOOK. WELL, I SUGGEST EVERYONE READ THAT BOOK, PERIOD. AND UNLIKE THIS VERY SPECIAL AND WONDERFUL SUPPLEMENT, MAGNESIUM SUPPLEMENTATION CAN BE MUCH CHEAPER AND HAS MANY DIFFERENT METHODS/TYPES OF ABSORPTION AND APPLICATION. SO ADDING THAT TO YOUR ROUTINE IS VERY EASY AND EFFECTIVE AND COMPLEMENTARY TO THIS SUPPLEMENT. OH-AND THE VITAMIN D IN FCLO, NEEDS MAGNESIUM IN ORDER TO BE ABSORBED PROPERLY.THAT IS ALL FOR NOW!
I was the only one who could even get this down.  My husband gagged, and my 3 year old started to cry and spit it out, screaming he didn't like it.  Soooo.  I like Cinnamon tingle, which is too strong for my 3 year old.  Everyone else will take it (cinnamon) but him.
My 16 month old has been getting 1/2-teaspoon of this daily since she was 10 months old.  She literally smacks her lips and says &#34;MMMMMMMM!&#34; and begs for more. She eats it straight off the spoon like its a lolly pop.  I accidentally got a taste on a just rinsed spoon once and GAGGED! Alas, I take the pill form so who cares! I'm glad my daughter loves it.  Makes me feel good she is getting this healthy stuff.
I don't think anyone is fooled by the 'chocolate' flavor. That fishyness is definitely still present but the benefits of CLO definitely outweigh the downright icky flavor.Shipment came timely & fast and in good condition.I wish more flavors were available. Also I can't quite figure out the best way to take the gel, I just switched from capsules because this is a better deal (more product for your $) I suppose a little measuring dropper would work but that seems like it would be frustrating to clean and taking it off a little teaspoon is kinda gnarly.Anyways.. Good luck and enjoy your CLO!
Okay. This stuff tastes gross. However, I have found a couple of methods to dealing with it. Don't refrigerate. It's hard to choke down hard, cold clumps of fishy butter. Chase it with hot water or tea. The oil is persistent, and I found that hot water or hot liquid is the best for keeping it from sticking to every surface in my mouth.About the health benefits: I had a cavity. My dentist wanted to fill and drill. Two months of this stuff and omitting all wheat products and refined sugars, and my cavity disappeared. My dentist poked it with his pokey thing, and said, defeated: \"well, I'll be goddammned\"There is a small dark spot where the cavity was, like a piece of black pepper, but it's hard as a rock now. It's also gotten smaller by the day and is barely visible. I will never go to a dentist again. I had another tooth with a cavity that was filled with a very small filling a while back. The dentin has grown back, sealing the root, and has actually started pushing the filling out of my tooth. My orthodontist thinks this is bizarre. And awesome.This is the best fish oil ever. It would be a total pain to take fish oil and butter oil, and this does it all with one fell swoop. Omit grains and sugar in your diet, and you'll be well on your way to some serious tooth remineralization. My teeth feel hard and smooth.
Have not noticed any changes after a couple of weeks, but not sure how long it would take to have arthritis relief from such supplements. I think MSM has been more helpful.
As far as I can tell, this appears to be the real product as claimed.  The capsules are very well filled, being quite tightly packed.  They are easy enough to swallow.  I felt good taking this product.  I am not taking it now, since I believe that one should never take any herb etc. indefinitely; it is wise to give your body a break, just in case it needs to rebalance and you inadvertently were taking in too much of something etc.  But I plan to start up again in a few days.
I know these are some of the best things to take for folks in the 2ndhalf of life.  But both hubby and I developed very upset stomachs each day right after taking them.  We stopped - and the problem stopped.  Started up again - problems came right back.  It says on the label it may cause upset stomach - and for us, it sure does!!!I wish it came in a smaller capsule because then we could take a smaller dose.
I don't see any difference in taking this. I won't order this again.  Maybe you will have better luck with this.
I take 2 capsules daily for arthritis & stiffness in fingers, hands.  Works very well for me, took about 4-5 days to feel 1st relief.  I've been taking for 2 months & will definitely continue.
Both work hand in hand to help fight the damage done by free radicals in your body which we get from food and air.
Full Spectrum Boswellia and Curcumin 60 Caps by Swanson PremiumI purchased them for my wife, so an update is required later on.it gave my wife a rash
I take this nutrient to prevent inflammation for my knee but I just read that it has a lot more good qualities than just what I use it for so I intent to continue to take it.
I have tried them all. This is the best hair remover product (and easiest) on the market and I use it weekly. I used to have to shave every day and with this I don't notice I need to shave for closer to 5 days. So happy!
My wife uses this stuff. It works wonderfully well. I appreciate the effort that she takes to look and feel beautiful for me. From a man's point of view . . . this stuff is great. She says that she has had no adverse effects from the use of this product using it on a weekly basis. She uses it not in the shower, but sitting before the bathroom sink. She says that a 10 minute application is sufficient time for hair removal before wiping/rinsing the product off.
I've tried this product three times.  Have not had the severe reactions others have mentioned.  And it does remove hair.  But, it takes longer & is more trouble than just shaving.  Razors have improved so much over the years that I can shave both legs in much less time than this goop & get better results.
I love Nair.
I am a male and used it on my back and arms. I've used other Nair products but this one has been the best by far. Applicator sponge is great for my wife to apply and doesn't get her all messy.  I got 3.5 applications out of it before we ran out.  Follow the directions closely to not get sensitive skin.  Great Product!!
This works like a charm. I suggest you do not leave it on pass 7 minutes if your skin is sensitive. It still has a strong smell, but nothing soap and water cannot handle
I have COPD, and a Persian friend told me of the benefits of Nigella Sativa (Black Cumin Seeds); he told me of a 2012 study where Nigella Sativa is helpful for COPD! So I printed out the information and took it to my doctor, asking her to help me to monitor it (since the blood pressure will change, as well) - she was excited to help me with my experiment.I've been on these gelcaps for 3 months now (along with olive leaf capsules), and find that my breathing is easier and I have more energy. I started out taking 3 caps, 3 times per day; then went to 2 caps, 3 times per day.Whenever I'm exposed to a 'cold', it immediately turns to bronchitis (and another round of antibiotics). So now that it's 'cold' season, I've increased the dosage to 3 caps, 3 times a day. A couple weeks ago, I had a sniffly, nose-runny 'cold' - the first in 10 years that didn't turn to bronchitis! AND it only lasted for 3 days.As far as the blood pressure is concerned, the systolic number has come down an average of 30 points. Once it's been at 100 for a week, the doc said we can decrease the BP med - hopefully, wean off it, in time.These Gelcaps have been a real life saver for me! I have more energy and am able to do things now that I haven't been able to do for several years.If I could give them TEN stars, I would! *smile*
I love these! Easy to swallow. Slightly herb like aftertaste. It's just cumin, it isn't unpleasant. I purchased these for the extensive health benefits I had researched as well as the fact that it is supposed to help decalcify your Pineal Gland in your brain which is calcified by fluoride in our water. I do not support fluoride in our water, personally and I am trying to get my energy and my chakra balanced. These are a great fatty acid supplement. The capsules are small and easy to swallow. Very pleasant to consume and I recommend these to everyone, all the time. Also, it was a great deal! 5 stars, indeed.
I don't know how we'll these actually work - they make you burp a lot and bring a strange &#34;pepper&#34; taste in the mouth. I doubt I'll purchase them again. I had high hopes for this, but it didn't work as I hoped. I also want to point out that shortly after starting this product I developed insane migraines. Not sure if the 2 events are connected - and I do intend to finish off this supply, but I'm certain this product isn't for me.I do want to add that I hope this review doesn't put anyone off of purchasing this product - everyone's body reacts differently to supplements & I've had things work well for me that others claimed did nothing for them, and vice versa. This seller is very generous with the buy 1 get 2 free, so I imagine you could in theory sell the 2 unopened bottles if it didn't work for you. I have 2 people (myself & my husband) using this product, and he (who is extremely pill sensitive!) didn't have the headaches, but dislikes the weird peppery burps after taking this. I won't be selling or returning this product, we intend to finish this off and see if the side affects go away.I'd say give it a try, you have little to lose!
Very, Very fast service.  Black seed oil is a great supplement.  The buy 1 get two is a steal! I will order again!
I'm always looking for ways to boost my energy. This oil helps with that. I take three capsules every morning, and since I started doing that I've been waking up more alert.
Our Families and Friends have been purchasing various six volt alkaline batteries for citronella training collars already for a number of years with much collar training success, but the collar activities are on frequently during the course of any given day and do use up quite a lot of batteries for this reason, so they are always on the lookout for good deals on six volt batteries for their battery pantry, and this package was found with Amazon good pricing, shipping and customer support, tried and is still being used along with many other six volt battery purchases also made with Amazon, and may or may not be ordered, solely depending upon which six volt batteries are available from Amazon whenever the next purchase of these six volt batteries is needed. Thank you, Amazon. Blessings.
Good deal for shock collar batteries. My dog is a yapper and we shock her fairly often to keep her yap hole shut. These batteries fulfilled our shocking needs. Kidding, we love our dog.
I keep these on hand for my dog anti-bark collars.  They last a goodly amount of time, and are wonderful to have on hand.
These batteries work better than the ones that came with the original collar. Very pleased.
I had to buy these batteries in bulk because I have anti bark collars that use a battery a day.
I wish they made it in bigger quantities or packs.  I love it!  I use it to make bread that calls for powdered milk.  I usually make my own soy milk, so I know how real soy is supposed to taste and this is great! No added flavors!  I am going to buy this brand only.  It's also GMO free which is rare for a soy product.
Tastes like soy milk.  Best shaken, not stirred.  Add sweeteners or flavors if needed.  This is plain soy milk.  Good for drinks, baking, cereal milk, etc.  Excellent product.  Thanks.
Just recently we went low carb, not like Atkins, but enough to need different ingredients.  It was explained that Soy Powder is made from roasted beans and therefore milder than soy flour.  This is true and delicious.
6-24-14:  I hope my original review of 1-31-13 (below) helped Now Foods reformulate their soy milk powder to have less sodium per serving. They, like yogurt makers, are using a serving size of 5 oz/147 mL instead of the usual 8 oz/236 mL  [Technically, 5.3 oz in yogurt cups]. That's a 37+% less of a serving size.  Instead of 281 mg of sodium per 5 oz H2O  as in the old formulation,  there is now 60 mg of sodium when mixed with 5 oz/147 mL of water.  If you use 5 Tbs (tablespoons)/23.3 grams per 8 oz of water, you'll have 94 mg of sodium. That's closer to regular soy milk.ORIGINAL REVIEW below was based on the Now Foods Nutrition Facts former label on their soy milk bag.\"Mix 1/4 cup (.78 oz/22 gm) of Now Foods Soy Milk Powder (Unsweetened) per 8 oz/236 mL. of water and you'll have a salty soy milk [450 mg sodium]. It is 543% higher than a 8 oz/236 mL serving of Silk Unsweetened Soy Milk (liquid), which is closest in nutrition to the powder. Also, the Now Foods soy milk doesn't taste very good. If you drink 16 oz/472 mL daily, you're 2/3 of the amount of the RDI sodium each day. Add one protein food and you're way beyond a healthy sodium level.\"
UPDATE (again)12/24/13: (this is a long review but actually has quite a few things worth reading or trying in it) I've found adding a little of  NOW instant milk powder using a silverware teaspoon or two (not measuring spoon teaspoon)to a too-thin brewer's yeast sauce(added to pasta) that I make, like I've written about in other reviews, can help a lot.The annatto review I wrote has the recipe;and NOW instant soy milk can also help salvage and make usable particularly bitter brewer's yeast,if you happen to find one.In a too-thin brewer's yeast sauce,adding NOW instant soy milk powder,will thicken it up so it sticks to the pasta instead of settling at the bottom of the bowl like gravy. True,another way to thicken it up is to add more brewer's yeast. But this works. I suppose a scoop of mashed potatoes or even instant potato buds might also work,if anyone keeps those in the cupboard and wants to experiment.Because I use a particularly bitter brewer's yeast,the only truly bitter one I've run into,actually,most of them taste okay or taste good;but some of this instant soy milk powder added to the brewer's yeast sauce that I put on pasta, gives it a sort of sour-cream beef stroganoff sauce flavor.People new to veganism or new to certain vegan foods might think something tastes bad to them, but I've never found anything that can't be used and make a nutritious and good tasting food,if you prepare it the right way or use it for the right type of dish you're making. I know some people don't want to try,or they just give up,or the real problem is that they barely know how to cook (like making a sauce or gravy or basic soup or vegetable broth(using real vegetables); or making bread or biscuits...these are very basic things that someone can use and make changes to. And if a person can't make a basic batter for pan cakes or waffles;or gravy, or dough for biscuits, using either yeast or baking powder,then the person really doesn't know the basics about cooking). But making these things and trying different recipes or experimenting with recipes  to suit personal tastes (spice adjustments and using veggies or ingredients to suit personal preferences) and making adjustments to suit personal calorie needs(like using very little oil if  reduced calories are wanted or needed,or being generous with oil if added calories are needed because the person is at a weight they want to maintain;or they want to,or need to gain weight. The biggest problem you see are overweight people. But since a vegan diet isn't a fattening and high calorie diet,loaded with fats and calories the way animal products are,there are people with healthy metabolisms or active lifestyles or jobs that burn a lot of calories,and these people need a high calorie intake. And a bigger person,like a guy over 6 feet tall,is going to need substantially more calories than someone shorter with a smaller body to maintain. Bigger cars have bigger gas tanks because they require more energy or fuel to burn,to make them go. The same is true of the size of a person's body).These things;calorie needs, nutritional quality,and personal tastes make foods that a person needs in their diet and wants to eat. In other words,truly good food.And as for knowing how to cook by having very basic food recipes down pat,that can be changed to suit tastes or to harmonize with other flavors or foods they're being served with,or cooked together with in the same pot or pan or casserole dish;that takes practice from cooking one's self or from watching someone cook. I learned basic cooking from watching my dad cook.  Sort of hovering at his elbow when I was young, but tall enough to see over the top of the stove. And he learned to cook watching his mom cook. And I also took the basic recipes I knew how to make and made them vegan recipes. I really wasn't cooking for myself for very long before I became vegan or \"vegetarian\",so I just took what I already knew how to cook,and made regularly or if I remembered certain things my dad used to make I'd try that recipe even if I never made it myself,and I'd change the recipe so I had a vegan recipe. Sometimes it takes a few tries or,more commonly,you adjust seasonings or ingredients as you cook,or prepare the dish,so it tastes appetizing,but it isn't that difficult. Trying only once and giving up if you fail guarantees a lot of failures though. No matter what it is,soccer or sewing or cooking;or a musical instrument. The more you do something the better you can do it and the easier it becomes. But trying and failing and never trying again means failure. And only failure.Update December 06, 2013:Changing my original \"4 star\" rating with my \"3 and an half to 4 stars\" subject line to 5 stars! You just have to use it the right way for the right thing. The directions are only:  \"1/4 cup powder and one cup water\". Nothing else. Rule #1. Use a blender!I've made two delicious things with this. The first one was like a malted milk (not quite as thick as a milk shake and not as thin as a glass of milk). I made it using a quarter cup of the Now instant soy milk,a cup of iced Earl Grey tea (instead of water),3 ice cubes,a little molasses and some ginger and a touch of turbinado sugar with a conservative, maybe level teaspoon (silverware teaspoon,not a measuring spoon) of Maxwell House instant coffee, and about 3/4 measuring spoon Hershey's unsweetened cocoa. People would pay for that in any restaurant or coffee shop. I mean it's as good or better than anything you can buy. Veteran smoothie fans would find a way to work in a frozen banana and a dollop of peanut butter or Soynut Butter and maybe throw in some flax seed or walnuts or almonds.The second thing was just nuking a baked potato (cooking a potato in the microwave). I made the soy milk using a cup of filtered water, a quarter cup of the soy milk powder,added onion powder(about a half teaspoon),garlic powder, (almost a full teaspoon)sea salt(say a half teaspoon) and celery seed (say a half teaspoon)(these are all approximate amounts if I used measuring spoons) put everything in the blender and whipped it up on the highest speed and poured it over the potato(I cut it into chunks after it was cooked) and it was like a 5 minute potato soup. Some crackers or some type of bread or biscuits and melting some vegan cheese (Tofutti slices) on the top of the soup or adding sauteed onions on top of it would work very well. I just made the soy mixture and poured it right over the hot potato. I did no additional heating or cooking. True,it wasn't like having hot soup,but it was just fine. Bacos are vegan too BACOS would make it interesting if you did the same basic recipe I used and added some cooked navy beans(the result would be a vegan bean and 'bacon' soup) or lima beans(from dry lima beans or frozen. If you like lima beans. I happen to like them). Adding a little Liquid Smoke to it would probably force a dedicated meat eater to ask for a second helping. (But I mean BACOS. Not those Bacon Bits things that don't say BACOS on the package. Those Bacon Bits things are not vegan. I think they're made of dead animals. I might have read the label one time a long time ago. I'm pretty sure they're \"real bacon\" meaning they're  real,horribly treated and tortured,suffering and slaughtered,intelligent,gentle, can-be-raised-as-a-pet,more intelligent than a dog,PIG) (The Bacos package is now a pouch. Don't look for the old jar with the red lid)If you wanted to,you could probably take a little more time using fresh veggies and boiling them into a vegan stock and using fresh garlic;scallions(green onions) etc and using your own know-how,make wonderful cream soup. Anyone who knows their way around a kitchen (or who is a careful experimenter with some common sense when it comes to mixing ingredients) can use this very well for almost anything they want to make. Since it is already sort of salty tasting (and may lose the salty taste if you make it in a blender, but I didn't make it with only water when I made it in a blender)...but ...\"since it is sort of salty tasting\"...it makes sense to A) use it in things you'd put salt in, anyway, like soup or veggie dips;or B),hide the salty taste somehow.  I only noticed the salty taste when all I did was stir it to mix it. But this is definitely an affordable,good quality,non-GMO soy product. I'm definitely going to use this. And of course it will work perfectly as a milk substitute to use in recipes that call for milk or when revamping old faves or \"old family recipes\" to make them vegan recipes.The rest is my long,and rambling review:Update December 04, 2013. This isn't so bad (with that obvious soy-powder smell/taste) after it has been opened. When I first tried it I opened the new,unopened package and made a glass of it. I knew by the smell,as soon as I opened it, it was like those unflavored soy powders I used to buy and make smoothies with, making sure I drowned -out the taste of it.I'm wondering if using a blender and adding an ice cube or three plus molasses and ginger might make it better. You don't always want to mess around with something,I mean we're all used to something that you can just grab and eat(which, except for fruit,or raw veggies,\"grab and eat\" convenience is probably a bad thing) but using a blender might \"fix it\" better. The salty taste is there though. I was going to buy Better Than Milk soy milk at one point in the past,but I read the label and it has a lot of calories,and only two grams of protein;and is, apparently,sweet. It sounds like more of a soy-beverage than a soy milk;'soy milk beverage' might be a better description. I decided not to get it because of the low protein-content and the high calories.I made some Now Instant Soy Milk last night and used it on oatmeal and it was okay. And that soy-powder smell was nowhere near as strong as it was the first time I used it. My brewer's yeast is the same way. When you open it and use it the first time,it's pretty awful. After it's been open for awhile the smell definitely tones-down. The taste might too but I don't know. I always use a lot of spices to hide the taste of it. In fact I open a new container of it before I'm done with the one I'm using,just so it loses that \"first-opened\" bad attitude it seems to have,before I'm ready to use it.  (In other reviews I've mentioned brewer's yeast. And I use the worst-tasting one I've found. By choice. It isn't \"bad tasting and the most inexpensive\". It isn't one of the most inexpensive ones I've seen or used,but it is a brand I've trusted for a long time. Some brands of brewer's yeast,in all price-ranges are very mild or are pretty good-tasting. But brewer's yeast is known for having a bitter quality to it. Nutritional yeast has a cheesy flavor. I thought the two were the same, and maybe they are, but I read that online somewhere;that \"nutritional yeast has a cheesy flavor compared to brewer's yeast,which has a bitter flavor\"(paraphrased). Some brands of brewer's yeast are quite edible and don't have a noticeably objectionable flavor or bitterness. I don't want to give brewer's yeast a bad rap that it doesn't deserve).The Now instant soy milk seems to have a noticeably salty taste. I put a little sea salt in my first concoction so I couldn't tell the first time I used it. I made it with just water and a little molasses yesterday and noticed a slightly salty taste. I probably will use this and buy it as-needed or regularly. It will defray my soy milk costs and I found some recipes in a book I have that I looked through today (I just checked and amazon has it. Power Aging by Gary Null. I got mine from a mail order ad targeting health-freaks, several years ago. I wasn't \"old\" or \"aging\" then...aging maybe,but getting older is always in the future,and is definitely in the future once you're past 40...planning ahead or at least having a book with helpful information in it is a good idea) but today I noticed  every recipe I looked at had no animal ingredients in it;(probably all of them are vegan but I don't know). And some call for soy milk,like the buckwheat pancakes. I didn't look at too many recipes but some look definitely tasty. My beginner's vegan kitchen has just been very basic for these past 4 years... expanding into other vegan staples like soba noodles and more (to me),exotic things would be the next step. In the book,in the recipe section Gary Null even says as you get older your calorie needs shrink, and so should your calorie intake. I've read a few pages here and there,looking up different things at different times,like a reference book;that book is the one that says Alzheimer's could be caused by a lifetime accumulation of toxic heavy metals in the brain.(Which I'm pretty sure I mentioned in one of the guides I wrote) I totally believe that is possible and could be true,or it is definitely part of the major contributing factors which cause Alzheimer's. Gary Null has been on PBS,if his name sounds familiar. And since their productions are often available any presentations he has done might be found on the PBS website. I like his health-based info very much.This soy milk powder or instant soy milk has 8 grams of protein per quarter cup of the dry product. I'm sure I can find uses for it. Even improvising a chai drink or pumpkin pie spice flavored drink. A chocolate-mocha;or jamocha (cocoa/coffee flavor) would work too. As long as it is palatable without being bitter or too sweet . Ginger and molasses together seems to mellow out or harmonize other spices or ingredients.But I'm sure this will be just fine to use for cooking and baking. This is a very inexpensive (depending on where you find it) soy milk beverage with a decent protein content. I'm glad I got it.The original review is below:This is \"fixable\". I actually got this yesterday(I ordered it when I was ordering vitamins and thought the description sounded good). Since I had it on my mind,even though I have 5 weeks worth of boxed,liquid soymilk in the cupboard,I thought I'd open up this and see how it was.I knew by the smell it was like the soy powders I used to buy for smoothies. Which was okay,as long as you drowned out the flavor of it with fruit,chocolate cocoa;etc. But I know a little about soy milk. My old fave soymilk (Eden Soy Original flavor,which I would buy sometimes and don't buy at all now because it's just too expensive to use on an everyday basis,and almost everything I buy is something I use on an everyday basis) had cane sugar(just a bit) sea salt and malt or barley malt in it. I don't have any barley malt or malt in my cupboard. I DO have turbinado sugar,molasses,sea salt,ginger and almond extract. So I mixed these together in about 3 ounces of microwaved hot water and poured it into my experimental quarter cup of soy powder,9 or 10 ounces of refrigerated filtered water plus an ice cube(to make it very cold.). It was actually drinkable. I mean straight,after I gave it help with the blackstrap molasses and other ingredients;ginger,sea salt and turbinado sugar. It reminded me of the Eden Soy original flavor,which I also could and would drink cold,by the glass. I never drink soy milk but I do use it regularly. \"It was actually drinkable\" is pretty high marks,because I don't really like soymilk of any kind,to just drink. Chocolate is good but it's not a good food choice for me because sugary foods kind of turn me off,most of the time I don't even want anything sweet or sugary.I use soy milk in oatmeal,my coffee and Tofu-Goo (recipe in one of my So You'd Like To...Guides here on my amazon profile. )The Now Instant Soy Milk is definitely usable or salvageable. Not very nice,\"as is\" though.Chocolate soy milk lovers could scrap their old prepared soy milk and use this very easily.(A syrup made of equal amounts of Maxwell House Original flavor Instant Coffee and Hershey's Cocoa,with about half the amount of Hershey's Special Dark Chocolate Cocoa (like if you use one teaspoon regular Hershey's Cocoa powder,you'd use one half teaspoon of the Special Dark Cocoa);turbinado sugar (and maybe a little sea salt and vanilla,both optional)would make this into a good chocolate soy milk. It isn't horrible straight out of the package and made only with water,but it does definitely need some kind of \"help\" or \"fixing-up\" to make taste good. Or better. Filtered water is a big plus. Even if you only use a filter-pitcher,which is all I use;by PUR. Regular tap water has it's own gnarly-dude taste that doesn't enhance the flavor of anything. And you can definitely get a better tasting (even tea or coffee) result when you use filtered water instead of regular,unfiltered tap water.It didn't work out too well in coffee. But I also used more water than the directions called for. Maybe making the 1/4 cup to 8 ounces water would make it okay in coffee. I'll have to try that sometime. (Soy milk does get grainy in coffee. You just have to add enough so that the \"grainy\" quality goes away. I think it has to do with the acid-content of the coffee reacting with the soymilk making it grainy(they call it \"curdling\" also but that gives the idea of spoiled milk,and in fact when soy milk curdles in coffee it has no taste difference or \"spoil\". Anyone trying soy milk in coffee only needs to keep pouring till the\"curdle\" goes away and it looks like a regular cup of coffee. Not sure exactly what Chai is,but adding coffee and a favorite tea together(in ratio so the result tastes good. Not just dumping stuff together and getting the result of \"Blleecchhh!\") and mixing in soy milk and favorite flavoring extracts and or spices(the spices that go in pumpkin pie or apple pie might sound delicious if you like that sort of thing;I've been adding pumpkin pie spice to my oatmeal and I like it a lot)...but a nice \"different\" flavored beverage could come with a little experimentation.  As long as you have a good idea all the flavors,coffee and tea included,will harmonize well and compliment each other.It will probably work (the fixed-up version) in my oatmeal,with or without the almond extract.And some version will probably stretch or almost double a container of someone's preferred prepared soymilk if you mix them together.Would probably be just fine in cooking, like if you made a tofu and soymilk creamy leek soup or something. Or a vegan potato soup,or a vegan quiche....or anything that will hide the taste of it.There might be some people who like the taste of the way unflavored soy powder tastes...but I'm not one of them. Because this can be salvaged and also saves money and can be used I won't give it one star and a \"yuck\". But if someone wants something they can use without \"fixing it up a little\" and helping it out,this isn't it. Silk might be your better answer. But I know I'll use this,even if it helps stretch my soy-milk-of-choice and makes a carton go a little further. (I'm starting to gag on that a little at this point but not because of the taste. It just did a price-jump and is so close to $4 for 64 ounces you might as well say it IS $8 a gallon). Most likely I will use this regularly,even though I can't see it replacing a soy milk you can use \"as is\". It might encourage me to break out of my \"same ol' same ol' \" routine and make some vegan cream soups or vegan leek soups or vegan quiche or a creamy vegan shepherd's \"pot pie\"... Definitely usable though, if you feel like cooking with it. As one of the other reviews pointed out.
My vegan-baker daughter uses it in her creations; it does what it should.  She used it to make some EXCELLENT vegan white chocolate we'd been missing!
I used to have the &#34;as seen on TV&#34; version of this applicator, and this one is SO MUCH better. It's much sturdier and better made, and the applicator doesn't have the rough edge like other one. This is well worth the extra money because it lasts so much longer. I'm so glad I tried it.
Works great! So easy to use and it does the job easily and fast! No more dry skin on my back now silky smooth!
I ordered this as I have shingles and Sjogren's Syndrome Disorder.  I works great to reach those areas on my back that I can not reach by hand.
Gas heating and air conditioning can leave your skin dehydrated and itchy.  The Hydras Euro lets you get lubrication in hard to get to places.  It has a sturdy construction an is easily filled..
I used to have a lotion applicator & I have been wanting another one.  This one works fine.  The balls have not gotten stuck yet, the lotion stays \"fresh\" inside, & it reaches all the way down my back.
I have a similar &#34;gadget&#34; that I use to apply lotion to my back and it is getting old and cracked so I ordered this one to have on hand when the other one completely bites the dust.  I would recommend this to anyone who would like to apply lotion to their back.
This little gadget has saved my shoulder.  I am now able to reach parts of my back that I couldn't before using this creamer.  It's a great invention.  I spray my moisturizer onto the head every use instead of filling the inside with cream.  That way it's fresh all the time and I don't have to refill.
I live where the humidity is often 4%. I've tried pads and hard plastic devices to apply body lotion (or sun tan lotion) but they must be well cleaned daily not to become quickly gunked up from dried on lotion.The first roll on applicator I used didn't require such maintenance as the lotion was sealed inside when not in use (Body Lotion Roll Applicators- Set of 2). Quality was the only problem. I've owned four over the past five years and they're all gone now. One handle broke, balls kept permanently falling out, and heads repeatedly fell off spilling lotion everywhere. It was very frustrating but a common problem with products \"as seen on TV.\" What else would you expect for 5 bucks? What was a person to do? Answer: spend more.That's how I came to own this product. The Hydras Body Creamer is the same genius but much better made. The balls fit tighter so that the lotion comes out slower. But, all I need do is first slap the head into my hand to force all the lotion into the balls. Then, just a once over works great. I was so impressed I bought a second.Note: This is currently the lowest price available on Amazon.
I have used these back lotion applicators for years, but the ones I had been getting were really getting to be cheaply made and broke easily.  I decided to bite the bullet and pay almost double for this one, but was it ever worth it!  I love it so much more than any I have every owned.  Really well made and this style of handle is a lot easier to use.  I would highly recommend it to anyone.
THIS WELL MADE PRODUCT ARRIVED VERY QUICKLY, AND WAS PUT TO USE AFTER EVERY SHOWER.  IT GETS TO PLACES ON YOUR BACK, THAT YOU  CANNOT DO YOURSELF.  I'M USING A MEN'S SKIN MOISTURE LOTION, AND I FIND IT MOST PLEASANT ROLLING IT OVER MY BACK.
I'm impressed with this item. In fact it is perfect.I use the yellow sponge to reach each part of my back in the shower......apply liquid soap and the handle [unlike others on the market] is both sturdy and extremely well designed.
I had originally purchased a cheaper applicator which kept loosing the little balls.  I found this one for a few dollars more and it is really worth the additional amount.  This one is quality construction and the balls have stayed in it during the few weeks I have used it.
I live where the humidity is often 4%. I've tried pads and hard plastic devices to apply body lotion (or sun tan lotion) but they must be well cleaned daily not to become quickly gunked up from dried on lotion.The first roll on applicator I used didn't require such maintenance as the lotion was sealed inside when not in use (Body Lotion Roll Applicators- Set of 2). Quality was the only problem. I've owned four over the past five years and they're all gone now. One handle broke, balls kept permanently falling out, and heads repeatedly fell off spilling lotion everywhere. It was very frustrating but a common problem with products \"as seen on TV.\" What else would you expect for 5 bucks? What was a person to do? Answer: spend more.That's how I came to own this product. The Hydras Body Creamer is the same genius but much better made. As reviewer Mickey points out, the balls fit tighter so that the lotion comes out much slower. But, all I need do is first slap the head into my hand to force all the lotion into the balls. Then, just a once over works just fine.This set also includes a sponge head and an exfoliating head. In the past, I have used a shower brush and several sponges. The sponge head is generally worthless for soaping as compared to my favorite sponge, the Lady Elizabeth Clean Weave Bath Sponge for $3, but is just as difficult to rinse clean. It is, however, perfect for washing one's feet if reaching is difficult for you (not me currently). The exfoliating head is more useful than either sponges or the brush and is easy to rinse clean. Only problem is that the heads are difficult to change, so I bought a second (Hydas Euro Body-creamer, White/yellow) for a second creamer head for suntan lotion and a second handle for the exfoliator.Note: this is currently available for less elsewhere on Amazon.
These are so cute and are even better than what you might get at a fair. Perfect for a summer snow cone. I would definitely buy these again. Also, they don't leak (the cups) and the straws are sturdy enough to use more than once.
Probably will go through them fast.  Good price but they are pretty flimsy.  Same as what you would get though at a store when you would buy a snow cone.  Like the little straws/spoons but they tend to just flick snow cone all over rather than work as a spoon.
You just gotta have these cups and straws to go along with the Hawaiian Shaved Ice machine.  The cups are perfectly sized for one serving and you can pile on the shaved ice and tamp it down to make a cooling treat on a hot afternoon.The straws are perfect for scooping out shaved ice and syrup on one end and sipping up the juices from the bottom of the cup with the other.A great addition to the Hawaiian Shaved Ice machine and a very low affordable price!
This is an inexpensive starter pack.  I ordered it to go with the Hawaiian Ice Machine gift for use the first time out.  After that we will switch to reusable cups and stainless steel spoon-straws.  This is a nicely packaged set and is perfect for what we bought it for.
These cups and straws are great for snow cones. They hold the liquid well and do not leak. I highly recommend them if your looking to make snow cones.
gotta have a shave ice machine and some syrup to make this thing a full package.  they were great to have.
I have been using these cups and straws with my snow cones, and they work fine. The cups are of good quality and they do not leak even after 50 minutes. Surprisingly they do not get too soggy either. The straws are much better quality and look cute. It has larger bottom to help suck small prices ice as well as all liquid. The product is reasonably priced and it is recommended.1.Victorio 6-Ounce Snow Cone Cups and Spoon Straws 25-Pack2.Snow Cone Spoon Straws - 8 inch Spoon Straws 200/box3.Paragon Sno-Cone Spoon Straws, Multicolor, 200-Count
These cones & straws were great quality. They were sturdy & held up well. The cones didn't fall apart when used. They have a bit of a waxy coating & I think that helped. I like that these straws have one standard sized end & one scoop end. It isn't a huge scoop, but it's just enough to slurp up bigger bites or to scoop up big pieces.
These are cute for snow cones at home. It's fun to be able to treat the kids to carnival treats at home, without the carnival prices.
For my niece's birthday.  She and her friends got a kick out of this package which went along with a Snow Cone Machine I bought here on Amazon as well.  Such fun had by all!
I tried different ways of using this stuff, and no matter how short I used it for, or what technique I tried, it always ended up giving me a chemical burn!  And I tried using it ...way down there... and afterward I could barely walk.  It took a few days just to not have pain, and then it took much longer for my skin to heal.  I'll never buy it again!!!
This product might get rid of the hairs but only if you get past the pain of ripping this off your skin. Also it would be nice if they would supply the consumer with an adhesive remover for the skin. It stays on your skin. I had to look online to find something that removes the gunk off the skin. If you have massage oil it will do the trick.
umm...I actually more or less figured that  this would probably not work when I bought it and I was right. It worked just a little bit, but even after doing the same area (for my son) 3 times, the hair was still not gone. Obviously it was too painful to make any further attempts.
I've used the Nadsproducts for yearsand have always appreciated their ease of use and efficiency.The stripsare great at reaching all those nooks and crannies that the regular cloths can't reach.I can only find them on Amazon and not in local pharmacies.
I found the wax material to come off of the strip and stick to the body.The wax is extremely difficult to remove when this happens becauseit does not disolve very easly with water.I don't know, maybe it's just me.
What do I anticipate from a hair removal? 1, remove all hairs, even short ones, 2, leave no or little residue.However such strips leave many sticky stuff on the skin and can't handle anything shorter than an inch (?). So it is better to go straightly to strip without initial shaving. However, it will be less useful then.
These strips have very strong adhesive. They ended up leaving a sticky residue on the skin that is very hard to get off. I ended up covered with ingrown hairs because it sticks more to the skin itself than the hair. Do yourself a favor- get sugar based wax instead. It is way less painful, and ten times more effective.
Used to removed some unsightly lower back hair and it worked well!Not much pain and baby oil cleaned up the remaining wax.Would buy again!
I have tried wax bottles in the past and strongly prefer the wax strips for their convenience and ease of use.  Just lay them flat, wait a few seconds, and then pull them off in the opposite direction of the hair growth.  Sure, there is some pain, but you get used to it over time.  The aesthetics of a hairless back far outweigh the temporary discomfort.  After Wal-mart discontinued selling these, this is the best price I can find.  I will continue using these until I can afford a more permanent solution.
I returned it after my wife found several mcomplaints online of people reporting rashes and fungus infections after using it.  Just do your research first!
These strips work pretty terribly!  I followed the directions perfectly and I barely was able to get them to pull hair out.  I also do not have a lot of body hair.  Go with another brand!
These glasses have a small light on each side, by the hinge.  They are activated by a switch on each side.  The switch is easy to use.  The light is bright.  The batteries are changeable, but I have not needed to do that yet.  The arms are big, wide, because of the battery compartment.  So for a good product.
As in the title, these glasses work well. The lights are bright enough to use instead of a flashlight around the house, and work better than needed for reading or using a laptop keyboard in the dark.
I use these to read in bed while my wife sleeps.They really only light up what your looking at which is pretty cool.Also I use them to get around at night in the dark while my wife sleeps.Much more directional than a flashlight but a bit spooky to any one looking at you or to yourself in a mirror.It's not clear why there are varying prices for different reading strengths.
These glasses are great.  I have had other L.E.D. glasses that either fell apart after a few uses, or only put out a little bit of light.  However, these glasses are of high quality with two very small L.E.D. lights that put out an incredible amount of light, given their small size.  One will have no problem reading comfortably in any dark location. One can't go wrong purchasing these glasses.
In addition to being useful, these are entertaining.  I had quite a bit of fun showing them to the people at work - one comment from a bird hunter was that he needed a pair to use in his duck blind.They are very useful for close work such as \"ripping a seam\" or sewing on a button.  I found them a bit of a nuisance for reading but that may be a matter of getting used to them.  Wish they came in a higher strength.  I would invest again at 3.5.
The reading glasses were my favorite product from the three Panther Vision items I tried, probably because I am an avid bookworm. I often  read well after my husband wants to go to sleep, but he can't sleep with the lights on and I obviously can't read in the dark. These glasses cast just enough light onto the pages of the book to allow you to read it without straining your eyes.  Yet the light is centered on the book so it won't disturb your sleeping partner. The glasses come in variety of trendy styles and different prescriptions. They are very comfortable and offer long lasting and replaceable batteries.***Complimentary product received in exchange for an honest review**
This one's too big... this one's too small... this one fits nicely in her ass. Good set for the money. Can't go wrong with a medium sized butt-plug :)
I've had these for over a year but I only really started to use them within the last few months.  They reek badly even after all this time.  And the more I wash them, the worse the stickiness gets.  There is a residue coating these.  I'm back on Amazon now looking for replacements.  You get what you pay for.  I do have to say that the two small sizes are a good size and the third I've only used in the shower or when drunk
Really, nothing gets my family in the Yuletide spirit quite like seeing these propped up around the Christmas tree.  You can have your tree, your ornaments, your gingerbread cookies, your wreath on the door, but to me Christmas is not complete without this three-piece trainer set.Notice they come in different sizes, perfect for stuffing the socks (and a lot else) of all the various members of your family.
OK these are just soft plastic and not very good. Think plastic worm that you fish with. That is the type of material it reminds me of.Also, wife said these hurt... not from size (only tried the smaller of the 3) but from the material.I guess she is sensitive to certain things. Anyway, we did not like them.
Not sure how to review such a simple product.  They work.  The small one is tiny, the large one enormous.  Rubbery, but apparently not silicon.
only used them once but the wife loved the sensation of intercourse while the medium sized one was in. wasn't able to get the biggest one in yet, but its a work in progress. a few other reviews have said there wasn't much of a noticeable difference between medium and small but it's enough to see the difference while playing with them, and the different options are fun to play with. they clean up very easily too. used these with Slippery Stuff Gel Personal Lubricant and it worked great.+update+ dont let this plugs lay against each other, the rubber will melt when it is in contact with other silicons/rubbers. the small one was laying against the base of the big one and now has a big indention in it. biggest one really does stretch you. intercourse with it in is amazing, feels totally different for the guy (me)and she loves the sensation of being completely filled up. very fun but i think we're going to order some plugs that are of better quality. thinking of maybe some glass ones.
Agree on what others say. small is like a finger at best, middle is just right but won't stay in without help, biggest is enterable but to stiff to really get a good feel from it.  Definitly not for the beginners like its intended.  Warming them up in a bowl of hot water helped with the first and second was just pliable enough but third never loosened up.  Always make sure to use plenty of lube as well even though they have a smooth feel they do on the first and second have a manufacture edge line that doesn't affect to bad but can if not checked before use be a hinderence for your insides or your partners for that matter.  GF liked the first two 3rd was a bit tricky but manageable for her.
If you're going to play anally, this is an affordable Must Have set!  For the beginner all the way up to the experienced!
My girl whimpered when she saw I'd bought her these :)  The small one is great as a warm up, but the middle size one gets all the use.  The good thing about these is that they have appropriately sized shafts, unlike the jewelry type of plug which tend to have thin shafts.  if you want to train - you need a size that will do just that.
Ok here it goes.  The actual units I purchased is the link below. But amazon says I bought the one this review is under.[...]The smallest one is not all that much, only good for those who have the stigma of anal play.  The medium one needs to be worked up to and requires some \"training\" that the smallest one can not give and can be uncomfortable to the eager user who tries to go for the gold early.  The large one is just too big and not attempted, does not look comfortable at all.  If I was to say anything I would say it is incomplete.  There is just way too much of a size difference between the smallest and the medium to be calle a trainer set. And the same can be said for the medium to the large.  There is so much difference that it again requires something not offered in this set to attain the needed step increases to attain the goal of using the largest one.
The Rubber they're made of it great. Very giving so easier to insert. Low Odor.However, the sizes are wonky to say the least. The first one is too small except for the TRUE beginner. Middle is fine. Large is HUGE. Like... Comically huge...
waste of money, was too hard, and i dont know if i got a defect product but the material is so cheap when you put it away or lay it down it molds it, so its so defective, Another thanks amazon.
I ordered these for my sub, but I had to try them out myself.  I bought them 3 months ago and I finally gave him the medium yesterday.  Yep, they're that much fun!  They are solid enough so inserting is easy but they are also flexible enough to be able to move around and still be comfortable.The only complaint is the sizing of the plugs.  It says S/M/L but it's more like S/M/XL - I swear the large is missing.  Besides that they are great and worth the price.
It does keep you cool but the damp material can get smelly if it's humid and the moisture doesn't evaporate.
I purchased this bandana for my husband who works outside in the direct sun for quite a few hours a day.  He gave this bandana a try and absolutely loved it.  He said it kept him cooler for several hours.  The only down side is if there is a lot of humidity it doesn't work and/or doesn't work well.  We live in Texas so some days are more humid than others.
I like the Chilly pad towel ( but I have to admit that I look silly if I wear it outside the house), since the bandana is so close on the neck it gets warm quickly, so you need to take it off  and put it back on  so it will be once again cold, also it is hard  to tie because of the material it is made from. It not bad!
If you sweat or tend to run hot during the day these are MUST HAVES! The bandana ties perfectly around my head and keeps me cool for hours. Catches all the sweat too! Awesome product and always feels cool to the touch. Sometimes even downright cold!
i tried this for a weekend of running around in the heat, while im not sure if it helped it dident hurt. its also much thicker than a standard bandana. i ended up cutting it down a bit so it would lay against my head better.when it dries is like cardboard. will be trying it again to see if im just missing something
How sad a previous reviewer chose to give this terrific product a one star rating rather than learn how to use it properly. It makes it look like a bad product when it is an outstanding product. It must be kept wet to be effective. Doesn't feel wet but it dries out & gets hard after a few hours if you don't take care of it. Just pour a bottle of water over it if you are out & it becomes cold again. It can be washed in the washer to keep it clean. Do not put in dryer. Rinse it out at the end of the day & put it back in the tube or a zip plastic bag to keep it moist. Store it in the refrig. At the end of the season, wash it, put it in the tube wet, & leave the top off so it will dry out. One lady told me she has had hers for 5 yrs & couldn't live without it. Have used mine for 2 days & can't believe what an incredible difference it makes. It is constantly cool. If you feel like it is getting warm, just shake it out, reposition it, & it feels cool again. Great for running errands in this 100+ degree weather & wear it inside so you can turn the air down a little. I have the Chilly Pad which is a different size but the same fabric. The Chilly Sport is another different size but is harder to find.The pink color is great & I just ordered the red & blue. It is not strange looking like many of the cooling devices. The Chilly Pad almost looks like a scarf. Encourage everyone with a heat intolerance to get one--or 3 for a variety of colors! Don't wait if you are interested. I've noticed a lot of places are sold out. Dick's told me they couldn't keep them in the store. I got mine on Amazon with free shipping.
I purchased one of these a couple of months ago to use on bicycle and motorcycle rides in the Arizona desert where I live.  The concept behind the Chilly Dana, and similar products, is \"evaporative cooling.\"  As water is evaporated from the product it cools it.  However for these types of products to work efficiently, you need to have sufficiently low Dew Point. Dew Point is a much better indicator of how well evaporative cooling will work than relative humidity.  In arid climates, where dew points are very low, these work very well.  In humid climates, with a high dew point and slow evaporation, cooling is minimal. You are not going to get much benefit.  As a \"rule of thumb\" if the dew point on a certain day is below 55 or 60 degrees, this product will work well for you.  The lower the dew point, the better it will work. If dew point is typically above 55 or 60 degrees, it will be less effective.  At high dew points, it will just be a warm wet rag.  The current and typical dew point in your area can be found on weather web sites or your local paper.  Having a breeze blowing on you will make a big difference as well.  If you are standing still, and there is no wind, it will cool less at a given dew point.When dry the Chilli Dana is very stiff, almost like thin cardboard. You half expect that if you folded it, it would snap in half.  I thought it might soften up with repeated use but it has not. When soaked in water it becomes pliable and rubbery.  Given how much its weight increases, it seems to hold a fair amount of water.  It stays rubbery, and is harder to tie or manipulate than something like cloth.I've used this on motorcycle and bicycle rides in Arizona, and the product became very cool when wrapped around my neck, and open to be breeze.  I've tested this in temperatures around 95 degrees.  It really made the ride more enjoyable.  On a recent ride in 95 degrees temps  at speeds of around 40-50 mph, it lasted about 30 minutes before drying out.  I had it wrapped around my neck and partially under a motorcycle jacket.  When it dries while worn, it becomes cardboard stiff again and if you knotted it, may be a little difficult to untie.  It's also uncomfortable when dry.  You will need to re-wet the product periodically.I wish it was a little less thin and rubbery, but I supposed that is due to the amount of water it is absorbing.  I also wish the product was not so stiff when dry. Overall I'm satisfied and the Chilli Dana has made my rides, even in excessive heat, more tolerable.
This is a bandana and it don't work that way for me, too stiff to make it work so I hang it over my shoulder, I tried tying it around my neck but after 5 minutes I just got too hot from it, defeating the purpose of a cool rag.  My yard takes me about 30 minutes to mow, so it works for wiping the sweat off my face & neck, I will not be buying another, when this one wears out, I'll go back to a wet towel or rag, that seems to have worked better for me.
I live in Hawaii and it gets humid and hot in the summer.  I am in the midst of having daily &#34;summer moments&#34; and this scarf has helped tremendously.  Far better than anything I have purchased to wrap around my neck.  As it dries it pulls the hot moisture from my skin and I am cool.  It has been a lifesaver, especially when hiking!
5 stars are for receiving the package on time and being neat and all, these things stink! and it turns into a WOOD! 10 minutes after you wet it! so you have to constantly be sweating otherwise!...... no not going to purchase again! waste of $$ for me, but I gotta say it might work for some people! just not my thing!
Excellent product and does exactly what it says. Hot weather cool down. Really lowered temp and feels great. I'm thrilled with it
I bought mine to wear hiking but discovered it has a much more immediate use -- as a sort of cold compress for my head when I get migraines. It doesn't kill the headache altogether but it does cut down on the suffering, and I am fervently thankful for that.I'd give this product five stars if it hadn't smelled like mildew the second time I took it out of the packaging to use. I have a different brand of cooler towel and have not had a problem with it.
Very effective. Feel great in the AM.Love how it envelops sleep and slowly eases me into relaxation and sleep mode.NOW is always good, this maybe their best product yet.
I have been suffering from insomnia for a long while and try to stick to all-natural methods to cure ailments I have. I heard about Melatonin, but even taking 6mg did nothing for me. I still wake up several times in the middle of the night.
These caplets are easy to swallow and I trust the brand. They are on the less expensive side of supplements but I still feel I am getting a good product. I measure my sleep efficiency and I am always looking at ways to improve my restfulness. I take one of these every night and I believe it provides a benefit.
Great item to take before sleep to help with getting better sleep. It is part of subscribe and save, so you can set it up for automatic refills.
I have some sleep issues and my psychiatrist recommended this stuff. It'll make you wake up feeling more rested if you usually wake up feeling lethargic. Good stuff
My son has had sever problems sleeping for many years and he says this really helps him to get a good night's sleep..
Great Product! Purchased for my mom who has Alzheimers and it seems to help keep her calmer at night.I would reccomend this product
Melatonin def. helps me fall asleep after too much staring at a screen before bed. Works in about 10-15 minutes. I very much like the NOW line of products and this one seems to be fine. No complaints.
Pair this with Valerian Root for a solid night's sleep.
Nice dosage (5mg) for great sleep.  I have recommended this to friends who have sleep problems.  I swear by it.
My husband and I have both suffered from insomnia for many years.  We've been given multiple prescription medications with mixed success.  Now, we sleep easily and peacefully.
Melatonin is a natural way that I use to get to sleep at night. It helps and does not make me groggy in the am. I would be lost without it.
I have a condition that can make it hard to go to sleep and I don't want to take sleeping pills, these are a great natural solution.  I don't get groggy the next day which is great.  I use these about once a week.
I'm a 205lb 6'2 adult male.  One of these has me groggy in :30 min, while 2 will knock me out.  If I sleep less than 8 hours, I will wake a little groggy, but it will clear up within :30 minutes.  I sometimes have problems falling asleep after getting home at 11:30 from the gym (I wake at 6am) so I'll take 1-2 of these because temporary grogginess beats sleep deprivation!
I fall asleep very quickly and stay asleep all night. I'll take melatonin over sleeping pills any day of the week. Sleeping pills are highly addictive, lots of side effects, etc. melatonin is natural, has no side effects AND does the same thing as the sleeping pills big pharma wants you addicted to!
I started to use Melatonin several years ago to get some help adjusting from jet-lag. During these years, I have tried different brands and dosage and I discovered that you can really tell the difference.This Melatonin is by far the best I have ever tried. It really makes me sleepy and give me a solid night of sleep.
My 14 yr old son and I take this, with doctors approval since we are on meds, to help us sleep at night. We both have insomnia and 5mg is enough to help us out. It's not addictive and I love it. I suggest this to anyone I know who's having sleep problems.
This review is perhaps more appropriate for melatonin in general, this is the only product I have tried:I take this occasionally as part of a broader effort to get improved sleep. I do not consider it a viable candidate in my sleep arsenal on a long term basis because, natural as it is, I still feel there is a drug/easy way out mentality to using such a supplement, regardless of how &#34;natural&#34; it may be.I do believe it helps me get to bed, though I am only moderately convinced of this. I am certain that it wakes well and that I don't feel groggy/drugged after a night on it. In general it feels like I have had a very rested sleep.In general I would recommend this to those who may be using/think they need more synthetic or chemical means to sleep. I can see this as healthy behavior for those who *occasionally need help sleeping. In general, however, stick to yoga/exercise/meditation. Melatonin will probably not change your life.
I have always been a really light sleeper and I generally wake up 20+ times a night. One capsule of this stuff, however, keeps me deep in sleep all night and I feel completely fine the next morning. It takes me 30-45 minutes to start to feel sleepy after taking it but once I do I drift off peacefully and don't wake up until my alarm goes off.
I love the fact that NOW makes the capsules. Especially in 5 mg and 180 quantity. I normally see the 3 mg for 260.Melatonin really helps me relax at night and fall asleep/Getting the 5 mg is going to have me cut down because when I was taking 3 mg I was taking 3-4 nightly. You know what they sat, less is more.
I've tried other brands as well as the liquid form and this product has worked the best.  Sometimes I do feel drowsy the next day, but that's if I take late and get up early.
This stuff is awesome. Helps me wind down at night and relax when I need it. It also doesn't make you drowsy or groggy in the morning.
It is natural and it works for those that need to sleep. I give this to my 10 yar old and my wife takes it as well. It doesn't work for everyone, it doesn't for me.
I suffer from anxiety that at times of things in my life that provoke stress I have difficulty falling asleep and more importantly will wake up in the middle of the night with little or no chance of falling back to sleep. Without any help I tend to cycle from little or no sleep one night to sleeping ok the next night due to exhaustion. Taking the OTC artificial medication worked well but I was concerned about all the things you are to worry about taking artificial something for an ongoing basis.These Melatonin tablets have worked very well. I take one tablet before going to bed and I am good to go for the most part. For supplements like this the quality and price combination is really special in my eyes.A couple of things from reading other reviews when I went researching this item. 1) Many allude to not helping fall asleep but just helps you get a good nights sleep. For me personally, I did find that about a half hour after taking a tablet I felt quite noticeably more tired and certainly help me fall asleep. I am not saying that I would buy it for that property but it does help me fall asleep. 2) Yes, you do not get the stay sleepy feeling of the OTC artificial medicines in the morning when starting your day. But for this item does help me to sleep more hours as it appears to wear off in the night to a certain extent. I normally sleep six hours a night but when time allows I like to get an additional hour or two but I wake up my normal time or even an hour before my normal time and it is just as tough to go back to sleep if I had not taken a tablet.
I have used melatonin before to help combat jet lag, so when I got a job that required a lot of travel I thought I'd throw some in my travel kit in case I had a hard time sleeping in a strange hotel room. I took these several times before I realized that I woke up with a terrible headache each time. I tried another brand and did not have that side effect.
I am used to taking the \"Finest\" brand time released 5mg w B6.  That would turn me into a zombie with a whole pill, so often I only took half a pill (2.5 mg).  I expected similar results with one of these 3mg pills, but I find I have to take 9mg (3 pills) of NOW brand to equal the effect of half a pill (2.5mg) of \"Finest\" brand.  However, the effect is par, not remarkable.
I like this brand, and I like their Melatonin caps. They work well, they work fast, and they don't leave me drowsy or unable to sleep. The amount is very good and lasts a long time, and the price is excellent. Highly recommended.
I use to spend lots of money on my melatonin pills, I have to take them to ensure my sleep is good as I work late at night in front of a bright screen and that takes a toll on my pineal gland and melatonin production, I love to use it and my sleep is good, I love the price on this poducts, NOW has a fan no more pricey pills for me... This ones work and are cheap!
Melatonin makes me sleep like a baby. Also - these are vegetarian, so you know your melatonin is not coming from animal brains like the brands that are not vegetarian (seriously... go google it).
This is a great sleep aide .... the other reviews were all five star.  this works great but make sure to take it about and 1-2 hours before you want to go to bed.  really helps you to sleep through the night.  no groggy feeling when waking up if I get at least 7 hours of sleep.
I lived it.  Puts me right to bed.  Meletonin is a natural sleep aid. Not addictive in any form.  Buy.
Dr. Oz recommends 0.5 mg to help this....this packs a wallop at 5 mg.  It strong enough to overcome hotflashes at night. Be sure to take earlier in the evening to avoid the fuzzy in the morning.  I will buy again.
as well as human usage- Helps my Pom quiet down before sudden thunderstoms or  company- She tends to get anixious when children or thunder invade her space- Giving her  a fourth of a 5 mg works & does not make her lethargic. My vet said I could give her a half of the 5 mg- --but I tried a  smaller dose & got her calm with out  sedation- I have not personally tried them- but have many senior friends who use them being of a natural rather than a side effect  expected precription or over the counter that may not mix with meds or  side effets un wanted- But read the warnings- Take only as precribed & certially if giving to our canine friends who trust us to read what they can not- .Budget friend- Recommend-
these work as intended.  they give you a great night's sleep. no waking up in the middle of the night, and you feel rested.  take it about a half hour before bed, and you will be asleep before you know it.  no side effects, that I see, and good price.
I have had trouble sleeping since I was a child. I used to call it &#34;busy mind syndrome&#34; because my brain just wouldn't stop. I'm 37 now and I figured it was time to address it. I was always tired and SUPER crabby in the morning. It would take me forever to fall asleep (usually 2+ hours or more) and factor in waking up every hour or two which left me with a grand total of ZERO SLEEP. My son was the one who had to deal with a crabby mom.I don't like taking pills or meds unless absolutely necessary (yes, I am one of those people who'd rather be in pain) but felt comfortable trying melatonin. I take one pill with water or with a nightcap as soon as we start winding down. I can tell when it begins working (after about 45 minutes) but only because I am hyper-sensitive to any physical change. I fall asleep so quick, sometimes even before my husband begins to snore!I've been using it for about a month and for the first time EVER I fall asleep fast, sleep throughout the whole night and (this is the best part) I wake up on my own at 6-7am feeling rested and ready to get up.Why did I wait so long to try this??
I use to take a prescription to get to sleep every night. After 16 years I decided I didn't want to be dependent on them anymore. I was skeptical about using melatonin because my doctor told me that it wouldn't help me. Well, I can honestly say that I now go to sleep every night without using any prescription medications. I take a 5mg melatonin approximately one hour before going to bed and I now get to sleep without dangerous addicting medications. I also added 5-HTP to my bedtime regimen and it feels wonderful!
Definitely helps you get tired but for me it has to be taken 40-60 minutes before bed, not the 10-15 in the directions. For the most part I won't be drowsy in the morning but I am if I have a hard time sleeping (which seems normal to me).
I like the idea of using Melatonin instead of a real sleep aid.  Its not a drug, its a supplement and its non-addictive.  In fact its an antioxidant so if you're health conscious, you can feel good about taking these.  This bottle from Now Foods is a good option because of the price.Melatonin isn't fool proof though.  It isn't a magical fairy that will sprinkle sleep dust on you.  For me, it only helps if I'm already prepared for sleep.  If you take it while engrossed in a book, TV or movie in the hopes that you will fall right asleep after, it doesn't work as well.  Be ready for sleep and take it with a good at least 8 oz of water.  Also don't take more than 1 cap because it is known to be counterproductive if too much is taken.  Easy does it.Turn the light off and be ready for bed after taking it.  Turn your mind off and be ready for a good night's sleep.
I have problems getting a good nights sleep because of a bad back. After three back operations I live with varying degrees of pain 24/7. Taking the melatonin an hour or two before I go to bed seems to help me sleep better through the night.
I was skeptical as to melatonin working at all. I take it 30 minutes before bed and it creates all the symptoms of sleepiness, including tired eyes. I used to use benadryl whenever I couldn't sleep, but this works better without side effects.
I use it once in a while, if thoughts and worries are disturbing my falling asleep.It is not a medicine, and melatonin, in this dosage, really helps.
I took a few nights experimenting with the dosage before I figured it out.  But, I am so happy I tried it.  Sleep, lovely sleep. And, no groggy morning after.
Doesn't work for me all by itself but I use as part of a nightly sleep cocktail.  These are nice little capsules, easy to swallow.
I have tried Melatonin from the supermarket & it works fine, but I'm picky about taking medication.  I want an easy-to-swallow med that's either coated or is a capsule.  For that reason, I really prefer these capsules.  Also with just one capsule, you'll sleep all night long.  I take it an hour or more before I want to go to sleep, & only on the nights that I'm not at all tired.  It doesn't make you drowsy the following day at all.  I highly recommend these & will order again when I need to.
If you are having issues sleeping, can't slow your mind down to get good sleep... This a GREAT product/supplement to try. This brand is also the best i have used yet.
helps you fall asleep and get good sleep. it works. try it and if you dont see results...well, dont buy it again.
Can't sleep? Don't want to take prescription drugs? Looking for a natural solution? Melatonin is an option. The capsules can be broken open for smaller does. So much easier than cutting tablets. Be sure to check with your doctor first.
Ever since I had my baby, I have had trouble sleeping.  I lay awake at night with my mind racing.  Melatonin has been my cure.  I take it most nights and it just helps put my mind to sleep.  It does not make me drowsy or groggy so I am easily able to wake up at night and meet my babies needs.
Good stuff. Works overr a period of time. Love the Vegetarian capsules, as gelatin is absolutely VILE (google it. You'll see).
In an ideal world I wouldn't need to supplement with Melatonin in order to get a good night's sleep but this isn't a perfect world and with eight kids, two dogs, two cats (who antagonize the two dogs), a sweet husband, a busy household and a full-time job, who can blame me for needing a little help to let the cares of the day melt away into sweet, sweet slumber?I take this in combination withNow Foods True Calm(tm) Amino Relaxer 90 Caps ( Multi-pack),Gaia Herbs Holy Basil Leaf, 120 Liquid Phyto-CapsulesandDoctor's Best High Absorption Magnesium (200 Mg Elemental), 240-Count, and I sleep like a rock.
I used to take another brand (not sure what one, but it was a purple bottle), and I read how great this was compared to others, so I gacve it a try. It lived up to its reviews. I fall asleep and for a long time, with no interruptions. If I do have to wake up, I am right bakc to sleep. I love that it's vegan, too!!!
Very pleased with this melatonin, no lactose is a huge thing for me so these are perfect. Melatonin in general is a wonderful sleep aide doesn't leave me groggy in the morning or with a dry mouth.
Since I've had this at my house I've been able to grab a great nights sleep whenever I need it.  If I've had a couple of crazy days and or know that I need a good 6 hour recharge then I will pop one of these, enjoy the night, and wake up rested.
I have no problem falling asleep, but I wake up a lot and toss and turn throughout the night. This product helps me sleep more deeply. Although I still wake up a few times a night, I fall right back to sleep.  One side affect for me is that feel groggy for the firsts 1/2 an hour in the morning.  It's well worth it for me.
Melatonin is derived either chemically/synthetically, extracted from a plant, or extracted from the brain of an animal. Most melatonin you find in walmart etc, is a synthetic melatonin. Synthetic melatonin is not identical in molecular structure to natural melatonin. Some chemicals like this, can do more harm than good in the long term.Just because this product is natural does not mean it should be used indiscriminately. In parts of Europe melatonin is a controlled substance that cannot be obtained without a prescription. It does work, it is a hormonal drug, and it is powerful. Your body can become less sensitive to melatonin and it's own melatonin production can decline with long term use over 2 months. Therefore it should be used with some discretion. Your body can also increase its sensitivity over time to melatonin and regain it's own production if supplementation is paused. How long that takes will depend on the person.Melatonin is a hormone that is produced by the pineal gland in mammals, which chemically interacts with your brain to help induce sleep. Melatonin levels with most people elevate when their eyes are exposed to darkness, increasing as their length of time in darkness increases.Some people, such as those diagnosed with ADD, or depression, or a SSRI (selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor) , may have impaired uptake of melatonin, or their brains are not as efficient at using it, so a boost can be useful, especially in today's world where people keep lights on until 11pm.I have taken Dramamine, and Tylenol PM, and generic sleep pills in the past to go to sleep while people upstairs were being noisy even with my ear plugs in. The problem with those is they loose effectiveness overtime, and you can form a dependance on them. Since Dramamine is an antihistamine it drys out my sinus cavity, also it is not a very natural sleep, it knocks you out when you first use it, but like all antihistamines your body gets used to it over time and it looses its effect. Tylenol PM and sleep pills both knock you out in an unnatural sleep where when you wake up you are still dragging 3 hours later until you get some coffee in you. And then there is dependance.With Melatonin, you go to sleep in about 30 minutes after taking it, you might wake up a couple times through the night, but you will still be easily able to go back to sleep. And when you wake up, this is the best part, you really, really feel like you have a dang good sleep. If you are fully rested, melatonin will NOT keep you knocked out in a chemical stupor. You wake up like you never took anything. So if you are expecting this to force you to sleep in the middle of the day, it probably wont work. Also if you expose your eyes to light, you reduce your levels of melatonin, it would be like taking sleeping pills while drinking coffee.Melatonin put me to sleep fast, it is a drug, and it does work, and there is tons of medical research to back it up. It is after all what your own brain already uses to facilitate sleep. It is non-habit forming, and does not loose effectiveness overtime. So basically it's the best thing to put yourself to sleep since it is what our bodies naturally evolved to use for that exact purpose.It has the added benefit of being a potent antioxidant. Melatonin can cross the brain barrier to act on free radicals in your brain. Melatonin is a direct scavenger of OH, O2', and NO, which are basically oxidizers that can cause cellular damage and mutations. In some studies on mice melatonin increased their lives 20%.. and mice are not susceptible to the placebo effect.I trust the NOW brand. There are a lot of really cruddy brands out there that have lots of fillers in them, like Natures Way sold at walmart. I have seen products at walmart in the vitamin section that have bull-adrenaline and radioactive metals in them, seriously. With natural products you need to be careful about what brand you buy, because they are not regulated by the FDA. Since they fall in the natural food category, the FDA doesn't feel it needs to do any research, since there is no profit for drug companies on the line.I have bought many NOW-brand products in the past. They are all all-natural, they are all potent without any fillers, they all work, and they are all priced very fairly for the quality. NOW is a brand that is sold in natural health food stores all over North America, including Wild Oats, Sprouts, Nutters, and other well-known chains. And when getting a hormone based drug like Melatonin, for the difference of a couple bucks, I would not mess around.If you let the vegetarian gel capsule dissolve in your mouth, it has zero taste, so you can hold it under your tongue for a faster response time if desired.Hope this review helps
Just one of the NOW Foods Melatonin 5mg Vcaps gives me a good nights sleep.  Unfortunately it also gives me a headache in the morning.  I'm going to give half a Vcap a try.
I'm a terrible sleeper. I do have to amp up sleep meds by using this ON TOP of the sleep meds. If you have mild insomnia, or even half the problem I do, 1 or 2 of these will probably put you to sleep for a week. Now is a very reliable brand, I have found. Good value.
Use it all the time helps me sleep better at night. Works great! Sometime I find capsules not full. So need to do a better job of inspection by the manufacturer.
these are very good at helping you get the sleep that is needed to be awake and alert the next day ..
I ran out and was lazy to go to the store. Didn't know they sell them at Costco but this was a good buy.
I've always been a night person, since I was a kid. I even worked the night shift for several years. Recently I got my first nicely paying corporate job with benefits, and it's starting at 9:30 AM. I am not exaggerating when I say that it's like pulling teeth for me to get to bed before 3AM or so. I'm just not wired that way. But about 45% of the time, when I take melatonin, I'm able to get tired enough to get to sleep within a couple hours. I haven't noticed any negative side effects when I don't take it. My dreams seem more vivid when I DON'T take it now, which to me seems to point to the idea that it boosts your body's natural production of melatonin.This product will not help if you fall asleep and then wake up in the night, and it does make me a bit groggy if I take it and don't get at least 5 hours- that appears to be how long it takes to wear off, because I still have trouble sleeping more than that amount of time. From what I've read, some people's brains release melatonin to cue them to sleep starting at dusk, and some are cued to dawn instead. I don't think this will work for people who have sleep issues NOT related to sleeping at the &#34;wrong&#34; times.
As I've gotten older I've developed the same sleep problems as my mother. It's hard for me to initally get to sleep, I seem to move out of deep sleep easily, and once awakened I have a heck of a time trying to get back to sleep.I've tried OTC sleep aids, Benadryl, and prescription Flexeril. They all seem to get the job done but I ended up with some type of sleep hangover in the morning. That of course makes me drink more coffee in the morning to wake up and probably compounds the sleep problem at night.My wife (a Registered Nurse who works for a holistic doctor) suggested that I try Melatonin. NOW Foods has a good reputation and the dosage appeared strong enough. I've tried it and like it. I take one capsule about an hour before bedtime and the results have been noticeable. The price is good too--but I would have gladly paid a lot more to get these results.
I have used Melatonin for years and I have used many, many NOW products.  Of late, I've been a little disappointed with NOW; the quality of the products seems to be slipping.  One of my go-to Melatonin products has beenSchiff Melatonin Ultra 3 mg Melatonin with 25 mg Theanine - For Stress Relief and a Sounder Sleep - 300 Tablets.  The Schiff product has less melatonin and yet one tablet was always enough to knock me out a half hour after consumption.  The NOW product is weak.  I have to take two 5 mg tabs and sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  It is a really frustrating product to use when there are moments that a person needs sleep and they need it to come reliably and quickly.  I will note that the NOW product has not made me feel groggy in the morning, but, again, it is a pretty weak product.  With Schiff, I have to make sure I plan when I take it and that I will get at least six hours because the product induces a deep sleep with sometimes groggy effects.  I would skip this NOW product and shop around for something else.
Sleep alludes us all from time to time. This is safe for your children (ask DR. first), easy to swallow and because it's a capsule it works fast!
I just ate one and they do not take long to kick in.  I'm starting to feel drowsy ...wkwask while I type and (yawn).... I would reccomend buying these.  The only drawback is when you ZzZzZzzz..... (snoring sounds).
I've tried Ambien and Unisom, but they make me feel groggy and goofy the next morning, sometimes throughout most of the next day. Sometimes they didn't do the job they were supposed to and I was tempted to take another one. Takes over an hour for them to work, too.Not Melatonin. 15 minutes is all it takes. Knocks me right out. If I wake up in the middle of the night to pee or whatever, I can go right back to sleep with no problem (unlike the other pills). I wake up feeling rested and refreshed in the morning. Best sleeping pill ever and you can't beat the price, either. 6 month supply for $10?  The other pills you're lucky to get a month's supply for that price.Melatonin. It's natural. It works like all sleeping pills should. It's cheap.  Get it, you'll like it.
I works very well for my boyfriend but didn't work for me at all. However, I struggle with insomnia because of anxiety. So I need something to just knock me out (like benadryl or Doxylamine Succinate).I still prefer the tablet (I don't know what brand it was) to help me with my sleep schedule when I am not struggling with insomnia from anxiety. I would purchase another brand if I wanted melatonin to help me with Jet Lag or change my sleep schedule.
I was so disappointed with this product. I've gotten desperate and taken up to 3 capsules in an evening and it just doesn't work.I had 5mg tablets that were extended release that really worked, in fact after taking one of these I would take a tablet and I was gone! Maybe it's the combination of the two, I don't yet know. I will update this post after I experiment a little.UPDATE:  4/11/2013  Just received a shipment of the tablet form. So now I can experiment on how to use both of them, or just the pill form. I'll be glad to get some sleep tonite!
I have been taking melatonin for probably about a year and it has done wonders for my sleep! I take 15mg 30 minutes before I go to sleep and have no trouble falling asleep, EVEN IF I DON'T USUALLY GO TO SLEEP AT THAT TIME! For example if I stay up late one night and then want to go to bed early the next I just take the melatonin 30 minutes before I want to go to sleep and I am able to fall asleep. Also whenever I wake up during the night to pee or whatever I am always able to fall back asleep right away.I am able to get up in the morning after taking melatonin without any lingering drowsiness. I love this supplement. And no I don't work for the company that makes it!The dose I take (15mg) is a lot higher than the recommended dose because I have found I get optimal benefits at that dose. I did extensive online research and multiple studies have shown that you cannot overdose on melatonin and that the only side effect experienced by people taking large doses is drowsiness. When I say large doses I mean there have been studies where people take thousands of milligrams of melatonin a day. I suggest you do your own research if you are feeling inclined to take more than the bottle suggests. Consulting with your doctor is a great idea too.
i would say it worked for a couple of days then after that it just did not do the job..i dont rely on this to go to sleep but *God*..he does a better job.
I've been taking these on and off for a month now and I have to say I have been noticing a great improvement in my sleep and the energy I get waking up in the morning.
Recently i had a sleeping problem, i usally sleep good. I didn't want to take anything unatural. My doctor recomended these, so i decided to give it a try. These worked miracles, i slept very well and woke up refreshed. I take this occationally whenever i can't sleep, works every time.
These glasses are as good as it gets for this type of product. It's made of plastic so if you wear it all the time you would require a replacement in six months or so, but the lenses are clear and they feel light on, so I like wearing them and don't mind reordering after the normal wear and tear get the best of them.
These are good glasses, but the temple hinges seem a bit stiff and the left lens tends to rattle as it is loose in the frame. The optics are better then other glasses I have received I can actually read my computer screen with these. Like the retro frames and that they are large enough that I don't find myself looking over the top to a blurred screen. I do worry about the stiffness of the temple hinges assuming they will crack at some time, but that is only my impression. If they last a couple of months I will order a spare set.Update: 01/02/2014 After little more then four months of use, the temple on the glass started peeling away in layer. The fake plastic frames are not able to last 4 months. The are trash, and in the trash
Bought these glasses as a gift. Recipient loves them. Good quality for the price, especially when the wearer doesn't take great care of them.
These glasses fit my fat head well. Very comfortable. The style is exactly what I was after. The strength is a bit suspect, They seem to be much stronger than the 2.25 they are labeled. I have a gig tonight and these are part of the show.
Never wore anything but sunglasses until about 6 months ago (and safety glasses of course) but am rather pickey about the quality and functionality. the three existing pairs I have are half lenses- could not seem to find anything full size until these. I am not going to say their optics are perfect, but not having to move my head up and down as I read a page on a book makes these the right tool for the job- the also have the flex hinge so the preasure on the side of my face is nondistracting.
These are great glasses, so far.  The rims prevent one of my biggest problems with the glasses purchased at Walmart - oil from skin.  Also, the lenses are better - clearer and can take a good cleaning without scratching.  I like how these fit, too.  I've been complimented on how they look on me, but this isn't a big consideration for me.
A bit lg and dorky looking but great quality.Much better than those cheaper throwawaysYou can see more w less strengh
I like these glasses. I like the way they look. The lenses seem to provide pretty good correction. But I can only wear them for about an hour at a time before the tops of my ears hurt from the way the thin temples rest on them.
This is a good deal. I love these things because I can wash pots and pans without drying out my hands or messing up my manicure. After a while, though, they get a little icky and need to be replaced like any other sponge. Not only is a bulk box way cheaper per piece than at the store, but it's super easy to remember to change out the sponge more often.
I only use Scotch-Brite dishwand refills to wash my dishes after breakfast, lunch and dinner. They really do a fabulous job of cleaning and really withstand a lot of scrubbings, too, amid a wide variety of food contents and condiments.But after a time, each one starts looking a little grubby or tattered and a faint odor of bad bacteria will eventually become noticeable after many many uses, so it needs to be replaced.It's good to buy a great number of these refills and have them on hand in advance so they're readily available to be replaced when the bacteria build-up becomes noticeable instead of using the old scrubber one more time till you can go shopping as the bacteria will leave an odor on your clean glasses and dishes.The yellow sponge-like dishwand refills by other manufacturers do not clean as satisfactorily as Scotch-Brite.
These scrubby things are fantastic! they aren't too harsh on delicate dishes and yet they remove the grimiest grime! I really dont mind doing dishes as long as I have these for my wand!
Ordered these in bulk (14 total sponges)  instead of getting the single 2-pack in the store - what a money saver! They fit well on my scotch brite wand that I purchased from Winn Dixie. The sponge lasts a few weeks before it starts getting old and tattered looking and I replace it. This is with washing dishes from two people by hand every day. They would last even longer if I waited for it to actually fall off before replacing, but once it starts to look dingy I get rid of it. These sponges also haven't scratched my stainless steel pots and pans, which is a plus!
I can not find these in the stores.  Was pleased you carried them.  They are good for teflon coated pans.
I find that I am always on the run to Target for more of these sponges (can't they come in a 5-pack?) and one day I logged in to Amazon and saw these were featured as a sale item.  I received 7 packs of 2 in the mail with Prime and now have more sponges than I know what to do with. The best part is these are name brand, so I don't have to worry about them falling apart sooner than normal.  Great buy, great product.  If you need bulk of these, then I say go for it!  You won't regret it!
Love these!  And the price here is great!  To whoever said they only got 7 of these, I'd like to say that I counted as soon as my box arrived and there were 7 packs of 2 each for a total of 14 dishwand refill heads.  Fantastic quantity for the price!
So.... I live in an area where dishwashers are rare. These make it super easy for me to just clean dishes without having to fill the sink with water and soak them. I didn't realize I was actually ordering 14 of them (2-pack, 7 of them) but that is fine. They don't sell them in Panama where I live so I am set for at least a year! :)
It has typical scotch brite pads stuck to it.Now I have plenty of this refill heads, I won't need to buy more for a long time.
Every time I go to Target, they are out of stock on this item!  I was happy to buy 14 heads for a reasonable price.  The grocery stores are much more costly per wand head than this deal.
Scotch-Brite Non-Scratch Dishwand Refill 483-7-RSC, 2-Count (Pack of 7) Great price came very quickly better price than in the stores like Walmart etc...
im not a big fan of tampons but after i saw the commercials i figured id try it and see what it was like. the ucky yucky feeling a girl gets down there when they have their period was mostly gone! i actually almost felt normal when using this. I told my friend and now she got hooked to this kind to. I dont care about what it does it just makes me feel so much better and its the only kind i now use.
Thought this was some kind of revolutionary product but it is big and bulky and kind of irritating. No fireworks with their Brilliant pH tampons. I do like the gel though but they won't ship to Hawaii and it is really expensive to purchase it at the stores here. Would not recommend the tampons though.
I like that these are available because BV is such problem for women and we need more products to help out. I really didn't notice a difference at all but knowing that they had a pH balance just made me feel a little better. So, just ok.
This has been a good quality product. Comfortable, clean, fresh, and comparable to other wider known brands in price. It is a very good purchase.
I was a little bit skeptical with this product but after one month's use, I am hooked!!  As others have commented, associated odor is gone.  Lots of issues with bacterial vaginosis and the use of this product along with rephresh, no further issues!!! Thank you, thank you, thank you.
I used this bottle in my last batch of soap. I love the way it turned out! I got tired of spending 5-7$ a bar on those available in stores and online. I will be an regular customer from this company. Super fast shipping, great product.
As of now I haven't noticed any difference it has made in my health. Probably will not buy anymore since it has not relieved my RA in any way.
i had almost two ounces of sea buckthorn oil left after adding it to a skincare recipe, and since i had read that it was also great for teeth and gums, also that it whitened teeth, i mixed it with y.s. super-enriched honey that has bee pollen, propolis, and royal jelly added.  for the past few days, maybe a week, i have been brushing my teeth with this mixture every day.  my teeth are whiter than they were a week ago.  as a note, i have added a third product to the mix, xylitol crystals, for its tooth healing properties.Update a few months later, maybe 6 months (today is august 10, 2013):sometime shortly after writing the above review, i began brushing with sea buckthorn oil by itself.  there was a small amount of plaque on my teeth, having not had them cleaned at the dentist since 1984.  yes, you read that right, about 30 years.  there has never been a lot of plaque on my teeth, but there was some, and quite a bit of plaque on the inside of the four bottom front teeth.  these past ~6 months have seen the removal of almost every speck of whatever plaque there was previously, except there is still some on the inside of the bottom four front teeth as mentioned above.  the dentist told me this last week, and i really think the sea buckthorn oil has the potential to absorb into and release every every bit of even that most resistant and difficult to remove plaque.  won't know, though, because i'm getting my teeth cleaned in a few weeks.  i stopped using toothpaste entirely, as it is an abrasive.  did you know that toothpaste can be used to clean (polish) car headlights?  it is abrasive even when used with water.  my teeth have become healthier and whiter using only sea buckthorn oil to clean them, and gentle waterpik-ing occasionally, well, and oil pulling with coconut oil in spurts.  i plan to stay with the sea buckthorn oil regimen.  other oils might do just as good of a job, but i'm happy with this, although changing oils out might be good, too.  my teeth always look as though they have just been cleaned by the hygienist.  as an aside, i never did keep up with the xylitol.  but a good idea i got from a mouth hygiene book called Oil Pulling Therapy by Bruce Fife is to dissolve xylitol crystals in water and use it as a mouth rinse for those people who don't want to swallow it (because xylitol's one big drawback seems to be that it CAN flourish an undesirable clostridium bacteria in the bowel, usually no big deal).
I really like this oil. I have been using it for quite a while now and I will continue to use it. I use it mostly for allergic rashes and dry skin and it works very well. I also use it on my hair sometimes since that is very dry too. I think you will like it if you try it.
I love this product. I use on my face and it makes my complexion glow. I do mix with other oils like argon oil etc. A little goes a long way. Will purchase more.
My acupunture  practioner reccomended this highly I hope it does all it says it does it seems to have helped
This is truly a one of a kind scent. It is lilac but even sweeter-with a touch of rose. Flowery for sure but it doesnt last that long and than it mellows out to just fragrant. No real sting to it and smooths the skin very well. The seller Maya Beauty is a five star seller who should be trusted. This is a quality aftershave. As of 5/12/12 I purchased Master Well Combs Iceland Breeze Aftershave and this is also a quality product. The scent is woodsy but very flowery with a hint of menthol. I like the Boric Acid for an antiseptic kick. I would rate this 5 out of 5. This is the green Iceland Breeze but I hear there is no difference between the green or blue formulation. Leaves my face very smooth and soft. Scent fades fairly quickly like most of the aftershaves Ive tried.Master Well Comb Iceland Breeze After Shave Lotion 15 ozI have now purchased two more Master Well Comb aftershaves the Champagne which is the best so far. Manly Scent which lasts a long time. Bold and Smooth part musk and part powder and flowers.  Great smoothing quality. I have also purchased the Topaz which is more of a body splash.  Very mild flowery scent and no toning effect.Rating the Four So Far:ChampagneIceland BreezeLilac VegetolTopaz.
After trying their Lilac Vegetal and Bay Rum, I bought this version.  The fragrance exceeded my expectations (spicy, musky, etc.).  The smell seems to last quite a while as well.
For the 3 boys and Dad, I bought 4 of these: Lord and Master, Topaz, Bay Rum, Challenge. I put them in small sqeeze bottles so we all got a 2 oz sampler pack.The Topaz is the most citrus and some floral; with no glycerin, it's a dryer experience. It has an old-school vibe. (they all do, but this one big time)The Bay Rum is a rich pleasant bay rum with glycerin, and I think it's better than most others I have tried. It's a little lighter on the clove than some, which is why I like it.The Lord and Master is somewhat understated given its name. It's got a little musk and a little woody spice and a little flower. Also with Glycerin. My siter-in-law liked that one best on her man. It's probably named Lord and Master because it incorporates the smell spectrum in a blend.The Challenge is the woodiest of the 4, though it's hinted in the L&M.; It has glycerin, too.Of all the 4 I think the Bay Rum is the most classic of the old-school aftershaves, and won't let you down. The Challenge is probably my favorite, as I like the musk and wood-spice. It makes me feel macho.The Topaz is pleasant, but I am going to stick to the flavors with Glycerin. The Lord and Master is very popular, but did not work for me smell-wise.I hope this is helpful.
This review refers to the \"CHALLENGE\" scent onlyThis is not \"A\" list cologne like Aramis and those expensive bands.  But for everyday / non-special occassion wear it one of the classier scents.  To characterize it, it has a sort of \"Leather\" scent a la English Leather, not a spicy Old Spice-type scent or a \"bright\"/menthol scent like Aqua Velva and its imitatorsAnd among the low end aftershaves this particular one seems to last longer than the others and doesn't dissipate as soon as it dries.
A true Bay Rum aftershave. Refreshing and soothing it leaves the face in great condidtion. I find the scent lasts a few hours. Has that old timey Bay Rum scent we all like. I'd rate this aftershave as high on the top shelf.
These lancets are a good value and are also the ones that don't need to penetrate so deeply so your fingers don't get so sore.
Not super expensive like the test strips and pretty easy on the fingers. Easy to remove the cap and good value.
What to say about sticking your self several times a day?  Well if you are like several million of us world wide, you have to do this a couple of times a day. Honestly in New York the product is common enough.  However, the vendor sells them at a very reasonable cost and they arrive in good shape and quickly.So if you have to use them, might as well get them here.The lancets themselve feel like red hot irons burning thru your skin, OK  JUST JOKING HERE SORRY, the lancets work well,and actually are pretty painless.its just hard thinking of significant facts about sticking yourself and paying to do it.
Product is great for what it is suppose to do and the price is even greater than what you would pay at a pharmacy or any store that carries this product.Kitty
I only check my glucose occasionally, but since only 10 lancets came with my scanner I needed more.  100 came in thispackage so I have enough for a number of weeks before I have to reorder.
If you have test for Blood Sugar, this is a great product with a even better price if bought thorough Amazon.
This tape is a undertape, not as good as the athletic tape.  Though it hold and does the same purpose as the other tape and doesnt take the skin off, the other doesnt curl up and is thicker then this one.
Maybe it's a little silly, but we buy pre-wrap that matches our school colors. So we need purple. Not everyone has that. But this stuff is good quality, works well, and is a reasonable price. Very happy with it.
Prewrap, not exactly something I would have ever thought about using. This was recommended by a trainer to help prevent knee pain. For volleyball, do a few laps around the leg, then roll the wrap up to form what looks like an elastic band, and push it down just below the knee cap. It looks odd, but it really works to reduce knee pain.The material sticks very nicely to itself. It breathes well because it has a wide open weave. It has just the right amount of flex so that it doesn't effect circulation. And it tears off easily, the material shreds with a pull.I'm certain there are a lot of uses for this wrap. It is an amazing material.
awesome. does what it's supposed to do. i usually wrap it around my secondskin blister paddings to keep them in place.  deduct 1 star because sometimes it doesn't stick.
I use this stuff every day for support and to prevent blisters. I highly recommend this material for people with feet that blister easily or who do a lot of walking every day.
I bought this dual node unit for our second home so I would not have to transport around the single node Brookstone unit that I bought about a year ago. This unit works well enough but is about double the price of the single node massager and is not any more effective. In fact, given that this unit weighs considerably more, I would recommend saving your money and simply buy the single node version. Note that the single node Brookstone massager is the best unit I have ever used to ease muscle tightness.
I give 5 stars for the product but minus 1 star for service. See full explanation below.I bought this product and it only ran for like 10 minutes and stopped.  Then it ran for another 10 minutes and stopped and didn't start again.  So I returned it to the store, pronto.  However, when I got to the store the store clerk turned it on and it worked perfectly.After the return, I did some research and found that this heavy duty machine is designed to turn off after it heats up to a certain temp.  So I returned to the store to buy another one.  I opened it in the store because the packaging looked worn.  I found the sales receipt from a previous customer in the box.  HUM?  The sales clerk gave me a different box to open which seemed to be just fine.  I have had the product for over a year and have to use it quite often because I have Chronic Myofica  and must have deep tissue massage very often. This machine works very well and has improved my condition.  It is also cheaper than going to get a massage every few day.  Plus once  the machine breaks in the motor runs much longer before turning off.Since my needs are unusual, I recently bought the single Node style to use when the dual node heat up. I switch between the machines and have no problem.I like having both because the single node machine is easier for neck areas while the duel node is better for large muscle groups like lower back and thighs.  Both machines are excellent for hands and feet.  The design of both machines make them easy to use without assistance.As far as the issue of Brook Stone repackaging used massagers as new?  Who can speak to that?  Poor business!  When you buy inspect very very well.  There should be a carrying case with the machine and it should be wrapped in a plastic bag. The nodes should be a dark gray color if it is \"very\" dark gray color it is used.  Don't buy it!  Look for the wear ring around the base of the nodes where they rub against the body of the machine. There shouldn't be any rings.  Also there should be a plastic cap on the plug end.I hope Brookstone resolves this issue of selling used machines as new because this really is a good solid product once they are broken in.  Good Luck
Third party seller ***** WARNING ******This item is clearly markedCall Brookstone and they will tell you this product comes with no warranty as it is sold by a third party not authorized to sell the product. WHO IS TO BLAME Brookstone sells they products to resellers who are not authorized by them, and then Rookstone tells the customer it has no warranty.If you buy it all sales are final.
We received the massager relatively quickly. It was purchased new but it was dropped off by some guy in his pickup truck which was suspicious right off the bat.Once we opened the item, it had scratches and signs of wear/use in quite a few places.It has me thinking it was an open box item that was previously used in one of the stores.The massager is quite strong and one has to be careful while using as to not apply excessive force and potentially do more damage than good to muscles and tissue.The unit itself seems robustly designed but we returned it because it was clearly used.I was quite disappointed to see a used unit delivered when the item description was tagged clearly as new.Disappointed with seller who tried to sneak it by thinking we'd just ignore the fact that it's in used condition.Only refund was available as they had no other new unit replacements so clearly it's a leftover used item from one of the stores. Plus the weird delivery by some random person. What are the chances they have a delivery person in every city across USA. Makes no sense. Wrist slap to seller for the mambo jumbo BS they tried to pull.
I had one for 5 years and it died.  not serviceable.  Tried another brand, not good, sent it back and paid the piper at Brookstone through Amazon.  Still the best model
I use prescription sleep medication and when I run out I can count on MidNitePM.  They really work.  I don't even miss my prescription medication anymore.  Now that says something.
A friend of mine recommended this product to me. She said she had been taking it for years and it works great. I had never even heard of it. Anyway, she got me a box, and I tried it that night.To my surprise, I slept a full 8 hours and when I had to get up in the middle of the night, I fell right back to sleep. This is a miracle drug to me. When you cannot sleep days on end it is very unhealthy and really screws up my schedule. This has really changed all that.  However, if I take them a few days in a row, I do not get the same effects, so be careful.All it is is a very tiny white pill. You can dissolve it under your tongue, chew it up, or I think even swallow it. It takes about 15 minutes to work.I am not saying this is some miracle cure...who knows, maybe it is all in my head. You know, the \"power of suggestion\" and all that type of stuff. None the less, I plan on using it whenever I am having any problem sleeping.I suggest you give it a shot if you need some sort of sleep aid.Lastly, I was reading in these reviews that the products formula may have changed. I do not know, but thought I would bring it up in case someone wants to read about it. Good luck!! If my review helped you, can you please take a moment and click on the \"helpful\" button? Thanks! :)
I have used MidNite PM for years, and it really works.  I have even skipped using it for a night or two to see if I was addicted, and I do not think that I am.  However, when i use it, it not only makes me feel a bit drowsy, but gives me a feeling of well being.  I also awaken without the groggy feeling that some OTC sleeping products gave me.  Once in a while, I need to take the second tablet, and still awaken feeling fresh and alert.  It is easy to take because it is chewable.
I was having some issues getting restful sleep after switching to a new work schedule and decided to try out this product before ramping up to a more clinical sleep aid. When taken in the appropriate amounts melatonin seems to help get me back to a full nights sleep and the taste of the tablets is quite pleasant. I take 2-3 before going to sleep and normally have a very restful sleep with no waking in the middle of the night. Obviously if you have serious sleep issues such as insomnia you should consult a doctor, but it never hurts to try something more natural like melatonin first before seeking medical help.
TheseMidnite Midnite Pm, 28-Count (Pack of 2)tablets do not dissolve in your mouth.  They are meant to be swallowed.  I didn't think it would matter. Maybe it's just a psychological thing, but I really prefer the original dissolving, lemon-flavored kind to these; they seem to work better & faster.  BUT everyone seems to respond differently to this kind of thing...Click 'yes' if helpful!
I've bought MidNite for a couple of years for my sleep problems and find it very dependable. For some reason my store no longer carries the PM version so I found them on Amazon and placed an order for 2 packs of PM. I was dismayed to find both packs from this seller were a little beat-up, and one pack of the tablets was very stale. However, the staleness didn't affect the strength of the tablets.
I don't take any chemical sleep aids and this has really helped.  It's so easy to just grab and chew one if I wake up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep.  And there is no morning drowsiness.
Super Poligrip is a little better than other brands, even though not perfect by a long shot. I have had a miserable time trying to help a member of my tribe live in comfort with dentures. Nothing makes them stick, and short of dental implants, which I do not consider safe because of her age, and because of the nature of implants, she opted for regular dentures. What good are dentures if they do not stick where they are supposed to? Very little help, it seems. 3.5 Stars.
it works the way it should but unfortunately the denturist that made my uppers really missed the boat as the teeth drop down if you bite as much as a slice of bread.  so I guess it's not the product's fault.
Needed this to hold in my bottoms.  Did a good job, held 'til I bought more.  I thought the price would be lower than purchasing at the store, but not!
I have tried other denture adhesives.  But the Original Super Poli Grip PINK works the best for me.  I cannot tell you why the pink color works better for me than the others.  I just know that it does.  My dentures stay tight and food doesn't get &#34;lost&#34; under my dentures.
Wow does this stuff hold good, but not quite all day. Toward dinner you will want to reapply before eating.  I only use it for an upper partial so don't know how it works on full dentures.
This glove is a surprise in that it helps reduce the pain by supporting the thumb against unexpected jarring while performing both heavy duty tasks as wwell as light.
this gave my hand and thumb alot of support. the size fit good.  i would sleep with these on and take them off in morning and hand and thumb felt good. i do recommend this product.
Since I was diagnosed with osteoarthritis, it is starting to be very painful to use my hands. I have been searching for something to help with mobility.....the PROLITE PULL-ON THUMB SUPPORT is a life saver. ...Thank You...
Wonderful.Provides support, comfort and relief without feeling hot.  I have tendonitis from time to time from being on a computer and this is very helpful.
Just got it today and wearing it now.  I was afraid a small would be too tight but it fits well and doesn't take long to get used to.  Wearing it now and seems to have good support.  tomorrow at work will be the true test.So far, so good!Thank you.MEF
this support is pretty good, i dont know why so many bad reviews..i bought a size larger due to the reviews saying that it run small...it DOES NOT run small..it runs right to the size... although i can move my thumb (and I shoudnt) it is perfect to sleep with...advice: buy the right size of your hand..i will recommend it
I really would like to review this again in three months, but after the first month, and I have been following instructions, it seems to be the first product I have tried of many where there is a slow but sure improvement.  I hope it continues,  I bought three bottles, each one should last about six  weeks since I have six infected,  Will report again in three months,  and am hopeful the progress will continue.
I have tried a dozen other products and this is the first one to really show some results.  I followed the instructions and within 2 days, I could tell it meant business.
Was skeptical this would work, but after a few weeks, 2x a day, I'm finally seeing actual growth of nail & diminishing of white debris under nail.  I'm glad something otc works.  Not sure if I can put nail polish and still continue to treat. Only I'm not crazy is when opening bottle, some of liquid does come on cap & smell gets on hand.  So I just use tissue to open & close.
This is the first thing to really work on my husband's athlete's foot. It made a huge difference in a few weeks. Now he's worried that he can't order more.
I struggled with one toe nail that had a fungus for a few years.  I had doctors recommend removing my toe nail, as I'd end up with infection in my toe a few times a year.  After trying lots of different products, I tried this one and it worked at solving my symptoms.  Note that it does take a few months of usage as your toe nail grows out.  I do continue to use it once a day or every other day, to keep it from coming back.
I have used this product a few times, and every time I use it I can see the results. Your nails will start to look healthier after a few uses. Before this product I have tried many different one but none seem to have the results that this one does. I would just recommend to file your nails and clean them before applying this product, and you'll get better results.
Save big with this generic Zyrtec (cetirizine) from PACK Pharma. And even better, the pills are really tiny. This is good for use with pets. There is also a 5mg version for pets.
THESE PILLS REALLY DO HELP WITH SINSUS, WOULD RECOMMAND, THIS PILL TO ANYONE THAT HAS SINSUS PROBLEMS, IT REALLY WORKS,
100 Zyrtec for ~$5.00, you can't loose!  if you have allergies and take Zyrtec, even have a prescription, this is probably a better deal for you.
It's a tiny little pill with not much else than the actual cetirizine hydrochloride, which is what any customer wants:  a pure product without fillers.  Pack Pharmaceuticals offered me a coupon this time, too, which was nice.  Had to go to their website to check the inactive ingredients, though, as there were no views on Amazon that said what's in them
I've been taking Zyrtec for a couple years now, and since changing over to this brand I haven't seen any difference. So I would have to say it works as good as the name brand. I have given this drug the exact same rating I would have given the name brand. No 5 star, because the drug itself is not perfect!
I had used Zyrtec for my allergies for years .This product  is a generic version of Zyrtec and is substantially cheaper .For those who get little or no help from Claritin /Loratadine this is the product to try .I have no side effects while using this product & it does cover almost the whole 24 hour period .
This stuff is nasty and did not work. My stomach was in pain and I got a crazy headache by the second day.
It definitely wasn't enough to keep your hunger satiated but I did lose 6 lbs in 2 days so it does work although I'm never going on one of these fasts again.
I am a regular juice+water (fresh fruits and veggies juiced in a juicer+drinking at least 2 liters of distilled water throughout the day only) and water only faster so fasting is not hard for me to do. My mother purchased this, wanting to try it and I agreed to use it with her to keep her motivated. When you fast you easily lose weight but it's usually just water weight in the beginning. It takes a bit before actual fat is burned off. On a regular fast most people will burn anywhere from about 1/2 a pound to a pound a day. I have always felt full on 8 oz of juice followed by 8 oz of water during my juice+water fast. However on this I felt like I was starving myself. I was cranky with very little energy when usually by the second day of a normal fast I am full of energy. I lost 5 pounds and gained back 4. My mother lost 8 pounds and gained 7 back. So obviously it's not worth it. We lost water weight and I wouldn't be surprised if that one pound that has been kept off will come right back before the week is out.Save your money on this junk and look into juice fasting. My last juice fast was in June, 2010. It lasted for a week. In that week I lost 15 pounds and only gained 2 pounds of water weight back. People can react differently to fasting but I was full of energy and those hunger pangs eventually went away. You also have a much less chance of having a hard water weight rebound effect.
Now first I must say I am a *huge* bodybeach and as I was looking for a fast, I saw bodybeach and went for it.  It's not my first time fasting but I wanted to try something new. Well I got the vanilla flavor, which was not that good but I have tried way worse.  I followed the instructions as it said on the can for 2 days and I lost 1/2 pound. What the heck right??!! I did my usual Turbo Fire workouts during both days and I must say I was hungry all day both days.  Would definitely not buy it again and would not recommend it.
I was not a fan of this and neither was my mother. We may try it again some time just to see if it was just something we mixed wrong, 
it works but it was hungry the second night and had a salad....still went down a size!I would say that the taste is not that great.  I ordered the vanilla to do a one day shake fast....my tummy feels flat and it does feel good to lose a few lbs.  The calories are really low so of course you will lose weight and keeping it off may be a challenge for sure.  I am going to do one shake for one meal for a bit.  May not be this shake but just one a day for now.  I do not believe in doing this long term but i have my becah vacation in a few days!  Thanks beach body
This actually tastes great with just water. I haven't tried any powders that tasted good before. I did feel \"full\" after drinking the shakes. I made them in \"the magic bullet\" which made a HUGE difference over a conventional blender.I also used some lemon water to drink during the hours I wasn't drinking the shakes. Also, there are actually more than 6 servings in a can so on day 2 I had 4 shakes instead of 3. I also had a small piece of fruit, 1/3 of a small banana, the 2nd morning. It felt very, very good to do a semi-fast and the shake tasted great. So great, in fact, I've ordered 2 more of them so that I can do this once a week or every 2 weeks for 1 day each time.
Honestly yeah people will say that this doesn't give you enough energy but it seriously does work. I've tried both the vanilla and chocolate and the vanilla is definitely better tasting. If you are hungry while doing the fast remember to drink plenty of water and eat some fruits and veggies. I not only see the weight loss benefits but after I do the fast I feel like my system is detoxed and I just feel healthier.
Kept my hungry. I did quit during the cleanse because doing it was very difficult. I think you should be able to eat a little more.
My girlfriend bought this and hasn't used it like she's supposed to, so who knows if it actually works or not!
good for cleaning many items
This is a great little brush--good for exactly what its name says. I can't even remeber how I discovered it on Amazon, but am sure glad I did. The bristles are very stiff, and long enough, so they really do get down into the shower track.
I literally got one of these in 1984 from my mom when I moved out at 18. The same one was just NOW wearing down to nubs and I asked her if she could let me know where she purchased so I could get another.  We laughed so hard when we realized how long this had lasted. She remembered buying it from a fuller brush sales man that had come to the door! Well that just goes to show how well made this thing is. It has been my go to tile cleaner/scrubber for the past 30 years!!!! The only difference was the original was a green color but other than that it looks like the brush has not changed at all.  What more can I say?
This brush works great in getting into areas that are hard to reach to clean.  I use it alot in the bathroom.
Ths brush has really stiff, sturdy bristles, great for scrubbing grout! I love the bent end which allows me to get deep into corners. It appears to be extremely well made too.I used this on the grout in my shower & noticed a huge difference.
THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST GADGETS I HAVE EVER PURCHASED.  AND I HAVE BOUGHT ALOT.  THIS WORKS SO WELL ITS UNBELIEVABLE.  I AM ORDERING ANOTHER SO THAT I ALWAYS HAVE ONE.
I am a Bariatric patient. I need vitamins. I will never have to worry about vitamins because these taste so good and are so good for you. I had blood work done recently, and the results were astounding. Thank you very much for such tasty and delicious vitamins..
These are pretty good. Much better than the pills for getting my calcium. I'm not a huge fan of raspberry but theyre ok.
I have to take 1000 mg of Calcium Citrate per day and am so glad that Bariatric Advantage has so many wonderful flavors.  It has no medicinal taste whatsoever and it is true to the flavor it is supposed to be.
I've had gastric bypass surgery (RNY) and have to take calcium supplements daily.  I just didn't want to chew another pill, so I tried these.  They are like Starburst candies, but have 250 mg of calcium and D3.  The flavor is mild and they are not too sweet.
Tangy and chewy. People always ask me what king of candy I have and can't believe they are calcium chews. No chalky taste or mouth feel at all. I also love the lemon and the caramel, skip the chocolate though.  I put 4 in my pocket before work and enjoy them throughout the day for best absorption.
BARIATRIC ADVANTAGE HAS A REAL WINNER WITH THIS CHEWABLE CALCIUM.  LOVE THE FLAVOR.  EASY TO CHEW.  ALMOST LIKE EATING CANDY, BUT WITH A HEALTHY BENEFIT.  I'VE BEEN BUYING THESE FOR SEVERAL YEARS NOW AND HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM TO EVERYONE WHO HAS TROUBLE SWALLOWING THE HUGE CALCIUM TABLETS.  THESE ARE A GREAT ALTERNATIVE.
I prefer the \"chewy\" chewable calcium citrate supplements rather than the disc/losenge type, as the losenge type tend to be a bit \"dusty\" when you bite into them.Bariatric Advantage Calcium Chewy Bites are just the right consistency of \"chew,\" without the dusty, chalky after taste (and feel) in the mouth.The flavors are tasty and consistently good (I prefer to take a raspberry and a lemon one and chew them together at the same time). Their chocolate ones aren't chocolatey enough (they're more like Tootsie Roll flavored); however, there is a new caramel flavor, which trumps all other flavors available.They are a tasty way to get your daily intake of calcium citrate.Additionally, these are great especially for folks who JUST HAD bariatric surgery, and are unable to take supplements in pill form during their recovery period.Word of caution tho, they DO have calories!
If You Have Plantars Feet They Are Too Hard For Standing And Do Not Do What They Say. They Make Your Foot Hurt More
I have plantar issues and these insoles are very helpful.  This is my second pair, the shipment came as advertised and the packaging was very good.
These are the orthoheel inserts which can replace older ones - these are even better than the older ones.  Great product.
These seem fine in terms of support.  They are too big for my shoes, and there aren't guides on the sole for trimming.  But the real problem is they don't seem to hit the arch in my funny feet (really narrow and my arch seems unconventionally located) so I am going to have to return them.  I do see that they might be Five Star for someone else.
I finally broke down and went for physical therapy after limping around for a year. PT, a night splint, doing my exercises, icing down and using these insoles in my athletic shoes (walking, hiking, court sports) has made me functional again. I replaced the insoles that came in the shoes with these and had my PT check them out. He said they were as good as the ones they sold in the office for twice as much. Keep in mind, however, that each person has to find what works for her or him. Plantar fasciitis is a weird thing and each individual seems to respond to treatments and devices differently, so there is an element of trial and error. I was committed to either recovery or management and willing to do whatever was required to achieve one of those. It looks like management of the condition is what I have to settle for, and these orthotics are helping with that. I am on my feet a lot with minimal pain and quick recovery after intensive workouts. These are a contributing factor to that.
I am a female and have severely flat feet on both feet. I have had many very expensive orthotics made for me and none have helped. The only shoe that I have found comfortable is the Orthaheel that has just changed to Vionic. This insert is medium density. If you have worn any of the shoes you know that the arch support is not consistent from shoe to shoe, some are made of plastic or condensed cork which is very hard and leaves a blister in my arch. This insole has a little give and didn't leave a blister. I really like it because I can buy other shoes and amp up the arch support that I need. Orthaheel/Vionic is limited in the style of shoe that they offer and sizes, but they are getting better and have recently started adding some half sizes. I would buy this, before I bought the Schol's at Walmart.
Love these but they did only last a year. Will order another pair for my riding boots. Not cushy... more structured to support your foot.
These are great.  I have a pair in all my shoes and I can walk for miles with them.  They help my feet and my back.
I am in the Navy and have to wear dress shoes/work boots every day for hours!  i cut these out to accomdate my dress shoes and just superb!  Very comfortable and relieved my back pain.  I am going to buy another pair for my work boots.  $40 is well worth it for these life savers!
I tried a bunch of different insoles to help with my plantar fascitis.  These worked decently well.  Well enough to keep in a pair of my hiking shoes.
For my Platar F problem which i had for 2-3 years tied to pounding on tennis courts this product delivered.  I have tried every product out their including custom Orthotics for $300, Dr. Sholes, night boots, stretching and everything else in between.  10 days wearing them both on and off the courts I can see a significant reduction in soreness in AM when waking up.  I rarely find a product that does what it says and this one delivers.  Buy it you wont regret it as the fit is fantastic and your feet will thank you for it.
I'm sorry I ordered them. They are too thick for most shoes. To use them anyway crowds my toes to being seriously uncomfortable.
Posted by her husband.  Our feet hurt.  When I changed shoes, they pushed my feet different ways and my feet hurt.  Online I discovered pronation.  Orthaheel inserts were about $40 each  and others were $8 to 20.  We figured that $40 per shoe pair would be less costly than medical visits or appliances.  Sure enough:  when we put these in our various shoes, their performance became similar.  Our feet felt much better.  As they say, take care of your feet, and they will take care of you.
Before buying these insoles I went to the convenient care to have my foot x-rayed -- I thought I had broken it. My chiropractor suggested orthotic insoles, and the ones she sold were specially made and quite expensive. I decided to take a chance on these insoles and they are perfect! I change them back and forth with shoes that don't have an arch support. They really help my feet while walking, standing, or shopping.
I needed extra support in my tennis shoes and did not want to pay for custom orthotics. This insole works well. Just remember to get your shoes a size larger to accommodate it.
The reason I did not give  these inserts a full 5 stars, is because I have to compare them to the Orthaheel sandals, which are a solid sandal... these inserts however, are so much more comfortable than a leading competitor which I am not certain I feel comfortable naming. I WILL say that they can be purchased at a kiosk where you step on it to reveal your need. If you have fallen arches and need moderate support with flexibility, I recommend Orthaheel.
Sorry it took me so long to write a review ,but I  was waiting  to put these in some new steel shoes,still waiting for them to be approved at work so I decided to put these in my steel toes that I wear now it a love/hate feeling...You see I walk on concrete anywhere 8/12 hrs a evening/night 6-7 days a week briskly at work so I need some good support insoles that will comfort my ball of the foot, arch ,met. area which I have arthritic feet, These  are really supportive but really firm not soft like the sandals are which I love I feel didn't hurt when I got home last night but I did have to massage them because they wasn't relaxed from a foamier/supportive thicker insole  still undecided on them :/
I was unsure about trying these inserts because of some bad reviews. I would like to address the negative feedback given.I already had a pair of Orthaheel slides for wearing around the house. They were a God send and although I still have PF (in both feet) I can now walk without intense pain in the house. But I needed shoes or inserts that would help me when I left the home. So I decided to give these \"Relief\" insoles a chance. I bought both a pair of the 3/4 length and the full length. I received the 3/4 length first and they did help some but my feet felt like they weren't secure enough. However I can wear them in dress shoes (flats, not heels) ok. Then I received my full length and was concerned that they would be too much for my loafers. I was pleasantly surprised that they fit in the shoe and I still had room for my feet. :-) I also have a bunion on my right foot and it is hard to find shoes that I can wear that don't irritate the bunion. Much to my amazement I can wear these in my loafers and they still don't bother my bunion. The paperwork states that supporting the foot properly with these inserts is suppose to help with bunions too and I have to say they must be correct.I have read that these inserts are cheaply made. I don't agree at all. No, they are not custom orthotics but they are well made especially for the price. They are extremely light weight and maybe that makes people think they are cheap but they are well made. The light weight is really an advantage.Some inserts people complain that they are  too stiff and hard. These inserts make me feel I am walking on air. I couldn't believe how wonderful they felt the first time I stood on them. They seem to absorb the shock of walking with the heal hitting the floor and being cushioned instead of the hard pain from regular soles. Yet to feel them you would not think they are cushioned. I had some spenco inserts from a few years ago but they were hard and unbending so they actually hurt my heels more. These support your foot's shape, without being hard, giving good arch support which is needed with PF.Note that these can be cut to fit your shoe easily. They expect you to do that. Also they suggest taking out the insert of your shoes before inserting these. My loafers you cannot do that and yet the inserts still fit with no problem.You do have to break in wearing them slowly. I had more of a problem, not with my feet, but with my hips and lower back getting use to the new way of walking and standing that these inserts created in my body. I have more of a problem then most would because I also have fibromyalgia so my body over reacts to change. After about two weeks my body is now starting to get use to the new support and I have no doubt that hips, low back and knees will be forever grateful for the new support.Do I still have pain in my feet? Yes but not as much and I can stand and walk for much longer periods of time then I could before. I expect it to get better as time goes by.I just want to stress that these are NOT cheaply made and DO cushion the foot and heel as they support the foot. Everyone is different and you have to try for yourself what will work in your circumstance. Just don't be afraid to try them because people say they are cheaply made. That is not the case. I just ordered two more pairs so I don't have to change them in shoes all the time. Also they do say to replace them once a year as needed depending on how much you use them.
Bought this item about four months ago after buying a pair of the Orthoheel shoes, which I've owned for at least two years. Altho all man-made materials and cheaply made, the shoes have been great - worn them every morning and they are doing mostly fine.  The inserts, however, are another story.  Previous reviewers commented on the construction of the inserts, but after finding other brand name (Superfeet - various) inserts too stiff and hard, I still decided to give the Orthoheel insoles a try. Should have listened to the Amazon reviewers! My Orthoheel insoles have lost their initial support and are pretty worthless.  All though Aethrex inserts are more expensive, they are softer, more supportive and I have had a pair in some riding boots that have had hard use for many months and have maintained their shape. Save your money in the long run and select a different brand than Orthoheel.
This is a good product and I hope they keep the good quality, if not then its their loss since it has been taken over by some doctor I don't know what will change.  I would buy from this seller again and I have bought sevefral orthaheel product.
Buying the inserts saves me from buying a whole new shoe. They work well in shoes that don't otherwise have the support I need
The doctor attributed my heel pain to &#34;bruising.&#34;  I bought gel heel pads which afforded only mild relief.  The heel pain kept getting worse and worse.  I finally tried the Orthaheel orthotics (as well as a pair of Orthaheel shoes and a pair of Orthaheel slippers).  The relief was instantaneous.  I think my arches are falling (I'm over 60 and heavier than when I was young).  I don't want to take another step without an Orthaheel orthotic or shoe.  Just ordered a pair for my husband to try, too.
These are very light weight and the shape is good with a very deep heel cup, but the materials feel like they came from a drug store.  The brand Sole uses much better materials and are thick and provide better cushioning.  Sole costs a feel dollars more and last for years and years.  Hard to believe these cost $34 when, with the exception of the deep heel cup, one can buy the same thing at the drug store.  I plan to try them to see if they are as good as Sole for controlling foot motion.  If not I will return or donation these.  Orthaheel shoes are better quality.  These are like the cheap insoles that come in an average priced athletic shoe.  These are slimmer in width that Soles so may be better for a woman's foot.  With Soles one must buy a wide size as they are built for a man's foot.
Wear these with every shoe I have and get a lot of comfort that I appreciate as I have Plantar Facia
Had plantar fasciitus.  First orderedf Orthaheel sandals and they were wonderful, but I needed relief when wearing my golf shoes.  Purchased these and they are like walking on pillows.  Never realized how out of line my feet were.  I can highly recommend these insoles.
This insert it quite flexible unlike the orthotics made at a shop.  I have some other orthotics and I'm confident that my other ones will last for a very long time.  Although the orthaheel feels good it isn't nearly as sturdy as I thought it would be.  However, it seems to work well it just doesn't seem like it will last very long.  So, if you like the orthaheel shoes and want something to give you that same feeling in other manufacturers shoes this might do the trick for you.
I was hesitant to spend the $30+ for these insoles.The 1st pair of Puma's that I tried them in was a big FAIL.They just hurt.Then, I tried them in a pair of adidas (removing existing insole) & they were fantastic.Also found they worked great in another sneaker (without removing factory insole).
I was unsure about trying these inserts because of some bad reviews. I would like to address the negative feedback given.I already had a pair of Orthaheel slides for wearing around the house. They were a God send and although I still have PF (in both feet) I can now walk without intense pain in the house. But I needed shoes or inserts that would help me when I left the home. So I decided to give these \"Relief\" insoles a chance. I bought both a pair of the 3/4 length and the full length. I received the 3/4 length first and they did help some but my feet felt like they weren't secure enough. However I can wear them in dress shoes (flats, not heels) ok. Then I received my full length and was concerned that they would be too much for my loafers. I was pleasantly surprised that they fit in the shoe and I still had room for my feet. :-) I also have a bunion on my right foot and it is hard to find shoes that I can wear that don't irritate the bunion. Much to my amazement I can wear these in my loafers and they still don't bother my bunion. The paperwork states that supporting the foot properly with these inserts is suppose to help with bunions too and I have to say they must be correct.I have read that these inserts are cheaply made. I don't agree at all. No, they are not custom orthotics but they are well made especially for the price. They are extremely light weight and maybe that makes people think they are cheap but they are well made. The light weight is really an advantage.Some inserts people complain that they are too stiff and hard. These inserts make me feel I am walking on air. I couldn't believe how wonderful they felt the first time I stood on them. They seem to absorb the shock of walking with the heal hitting the floor and being cushioned instead of the hard pain from regular soles. Yet to feel them you would not think they are cushioned. I had some spenco inserts from a few years ago but they were hard and unbending so they actually hurt my heels more. These support your foot's shape, without being hard, giving good arch support which is needed with PF.Note that these can be cut to fit your shoe easily. They expect you to do that. Also they suggest taking out the insert of your shoes before inserting these. My loafers you cannot do that and yet the inserts still fit with no problem.You do have to break in wearing them slowly. I had more of a problem, not with my feet, but with my hips and lower back getting use to the new way of walking and standing that these inserts created in my body. I have more of a problem then most would because I also have fibromyalgia so my body over reacts to change. After about two weeks my body is now starting to get use to the new support and I have no doubt that hips, low back and knees will be forever grateful for the new support.Do I still have pain in my feet? Yes but not as much and I can stand and walk for much longer periods of time then I could before. I expect it to get better as time goes by.I just want to stress that these are NOT cheaply made and DO cushion the foot and heel as they support the foot. Everyone is different and you have to try for yourself what will work in your circumstance. Just don't be afraid to try them because people say they are cheaply made. That is not the case. I just ordered two more pairs so I don't have to change them in shoes all the time. Also they do say to replace them once a year as needed depending on how much you use them.
I am using these in my winter boots. They seem to be working just fine. They stay at the heels even when the boot is at rest. I was concerned that they would slide forward, but that doesn't seem to be happening
Really decent support, as good as the \"over the counter\" one my podiatrist sold me while I await my custom ortho inserts.  Only this one is cheaper.  Holds up well, too.
I wasn't sure what to expect, but these seem to work very well. I've only worn them a few times, but my arch seemed well supported.
born with congenital scoliosis,  and older now, I really thought just another hype and pricey too!  Well, it has truly helped and for that I thank you!
I purchased a pair of the 3/4 inserts for my sneakers. In my opinion, they were a waste of money. However, I did order a set of the full size Orthaheel inserts and they are exactly what I was looking for. I use the full size inserts in my sneakers, boots and shoes. In fact, I am thinking of ordering more of the full size inserts so I don't have to keep switching them back and forth between my shoes, boots, and sneakers.
I will only use these in unusual cases.  They are really very narrow  for most shoes.  I won't return them because I might have a use in the future.
Good only if you want it for Walking - It killed me when I tried running on treadmill or do ZoombaWish it was little softer and more flex
I purchased these to wear in my boots while walking around Paris. We walked over 10 miles everyday and these insoles really made the difference for both my lower back and feet. While my feet did eventually hurt, it was not until after we had walked many miles over many days. This is not the usual case for me. I will buy these again and put them in other shoes.
I use these all the time and they make a lot of difference for me.  my feet don't hurt with these.
Suffered from plantar fasciitus.  First, ordered Orthaheel sandals and they were wonderful.  The, purchased both the 3/4 length insole and the full length.  I leave the full length in my golf shoes full time.  I use the 3/4 length to change out in different pairs of shoes.  I cannot believe how good my feet feel after limping around with my heel problem.  I can highly recommend all of Orthaheel products.
I prefer BA's caramel chewy bites (they have a truer caramel flavor than these have chocolate flavor), but I get a bag of the chocolate every now and then, and mix them in for a change of pace.
Good cacium supplement for someone that likes dark chocolate.  It's okay for on the go and if you don't like to take cacium pills.  I have liquid calcium, but always forget to take it on my way out of the house, and since I have these squares in my bag, i'm not worried about forgetting to take it.  Think of it as eating a tootsie roll candy.
I like these.  You need to eat about 4 a day post-bariatric surgery.  But I had to start eating Beano first.  Seriously.Update:  I thought my earlier reaction might have been due to excessive sensitivity so close to surgery.  So I bought more.  I've had a terrible day, spent mostly running to potty.  These things can cause serious gas and diarrhea if you're sensitive.
These are sooooo good...it's like a little bite of chocolate candy :)  With RNY we need a lot of calcium citrate so I can't afford to take 6 of these days, so I save them for once a day and it's my favorite little treat.
OMG!Intense chocolate flavor. Nice chew. Not quite a Tootsie Roll (If it did taste like a Tootsie Roll, I'd be in trouble!) A little smaller than a Starburst candy.These contain calcium citrate -- which is more easily absorbed by those of us who've had weight loss surgery. (With calcium carbonate, you need a lot of acid in your stomach to make it usable by your body. Tiny stomach = tiny amounts of acid.) Weight loss surgery patients generally need 1500 to 2000 mg of elemental calcium each day.Two of these are nice for that 'I need a chocolate fix' thing you get between 2 and 3 in the afternoon.Each chew contains 15 calories, 0.5 g fat, 3 g carbohydrates (all sugar alcohol - polyglycitol syrup), 125 IU Vitamin D, 250 mg Calcium (as calcium citrate) and 10 mg sodium. With the sugar alcohol, I don't recommend more than two a day.
I had to have some kind of Calcium Carbonate post gastric sleeve and my weight loss was getting stuck so I investigated everything that went into my mouth I thought. THEN finally I read the labels on the vitamins and these. They taste great for a reason, 5 grams of carbohydrate which I am supposed to sharply limit times FIVE per day (25 grams of carbs from a vitamin is CRAZY!) plus I found out Bariatric Advantage protein powder mix has non dairy creamer in the first few ingredients which is a sugar ingredient for sure! Don't they know they are dealing with so many diabetics and people who have been struggling with carb addictions for years before going to weight loss surgery to get them seriously back on track?!I have boycotted ALL Bariatric Advantage products for this reason. I suggest you do so as well if you have had weight loss surgery of any type and have had issues with reducing carbs.I am writing about it here to save others the grief this might cause them as well.Because this does taste so much like sugar it was triggering cravings like crazy as well. I didn't want to take a chance anymore and threw them all out.I am sticking with Unjury products. I love them!(oh if you have a serious health problem like cancer or aren't plagued with my kind of diet issues, these are probably a good thing for you!)
I've been using these supplements to augment my daily intake of calcium.While I would not say these are INTENSELY chocolatey as another reviewer mentioned, I will say that they are similar in taste and texture to Tootsie Rolls. They care \"chocolate-y\" and chewy, and give me the sensation I'm having a treat. I usually save a dose for late in the afternoon at work to be taken with a hot cup of tea or coffee (as with most WLS post-oppers, you can't eat and drink at the same time), so it gives me that sense of having a treat.I have tried all the flavors available, and the caramel is my favorite, with raspberry being a close second.I find these to be a useful tool which helps me remain motivated and conscientious about ensuring I take in sufficient calcium (in the form of calcium citrate) daily.
worked as expected.  Fast shipping.  Really helps stretch and ease my heel and foot pain temporarily by stretching and massaging the bottom of the foot.
These work pretty well. Although they have not solved my foot problem as my doctor had hoped, they do a good job of massaging the bottom of my injured foot. Great price too.
I haven't used the foot roller, but I use the massage ball a lot.  It feels great and I'd recommend for others with sore or fatigued feet.
This duo helped me resolve some foot strain issues (aka plantar fasciitis) -- if used diligently, every day -- as soon as your feet hit the floor, roll out your affected foot for at least 5 minutes -- then the other foot for a few minutes to keep it from getting jealous.  It really works!
I have been using this massage combo for a little over a year now at my work for patients having foot pain. The roller and the ball is great for pin point relief. I bought this for a good friend of mine that had ankle and foot surgery. With the inflammation and gout that developed, he started using the roller and ball. Within a week, his ankle and foot was feeling good (combo of therapy, meds, and massage). It came to a point to where the only relief he would get would be from the massage roller and ball. He highly recommends the product and I've used it at work and I have to say I agree.
Was a tad disappointed with the quality. It's a lot smaller than I thought. But it does help with my plantar fasciitis in the morning and worth a try as the price was good.
I really like the porcupine ball. The roller is ok, the one problem I have with it is the rubber rings on one of the ends keeps coming off and the first time I found it, I accidentally threw it away. Had to dig it out of the garbage when I realized where it came from. :-(
This was a gift for my husband who loves his feet rubbed.  He really likes the wood roller (so do I) and the spiky ball comes in second place.  The acupuncture card is small but fun to read.
I ordered this to help with my heel pain and it's very comforting to use as I'm watching TV in the evening.
Not too impressed with this.The ball is too soft to use any force behind it... Without a sock on it is too painful to use... too pricker-y.  With my sock on,  I did not feel anything... and the ball squished too flat. As for the wooden roller... The rubber bands on the sides fall off easily.  Not very effective at all...
I suffer from Plantar Fasciitis and bought this combo package in hopes of alleviating some of the symptoms. The foot roller doesn't do much for me and I have trouble getting it to stay under my foot. It wants to slip out and roll away even on carpet. However, the Porcupine Massage ball is fantastic. It's large, rubber and has some give so it stays under your foot easily plus you really feel the massaging action of the spikes. I also have a Foot Rubz Foot Massage Ball but prefer this one due to it's softness and larger size.
i do not exercise often, nor do i have any chronic pain. however, when i do run (or hike, or do yoga, or any other activity involving my feet) my feet cramp up so terribly it KILLS. i was rolling with a tennis ball, but it would always fly across the room and i never felt like it reached those aching, tense places. THIS, however, is PERFECT! the little ball doesn't go anywhere thanks to the spikes, and those spikes feel SO GOOD on your feet! it's like a massage! the roller is also perfect to stretch those muscles that were knotting, causing extreme pain. i also walk primarily on my toes rather than my heels, so this comforts all muscle strain in my feet. couldn't recommend this enough! i just roll my feet when i'm sitting at my desk doing work-- as i am now. so easy!
I found this product recommended on a plantar fasciitis blog.  And I noticed that other reviewers at Amazon, mentioned particularly liking the Porcupine massage ball.  I find it really does the trick of releasing tension in the plantar fascia ligament and fits well in the arch of my foot.  In the reviews, some people wished the ball was larger, but for for my women's size 9, with a fallen arch, it is just right.  I do use the wooden roller but the use the ball more.
I like having both the wooden foot roller, and the porcupine massage ball for my feet. The wooden roller is very soothing, and the ball is stimulating. They each serve a valuable purpose.
Shipment arrived quickly. Was very well packaged. Product was way better than expected. Price was very fair. Highly recommend these people.
This product is Cheap it will fall apart on you. You are better off freezing a water bottle works way better and it's free. Don't believe me just try it first it's the best foot roller you could get. Take a water bottle and freeze it then use it as a foot roller you can thank me later lol enjoy
These have been my daily multivitamin for years. They're the same formula as Centrum Performance at half the cost. I cannot obviously prove any benefits from these, and I can't say they give me any extra energy throughout the day, but they do provide my body with a lot of the missing nutrients in my diet.The following is the Supplement Facts:Vitamin A 5000 IU (66% as Beta Carotene) 100%Vitamin C 120 mg - 200%Vitamin D 400 IU - 100%Vitamin E 75 IU - 250%Vitamin K 80 mcg - 100%Thiamin (Vit. B1) 5.25 mg - 350%Riboflavin (Vit. B2) 6 mg - 353%Niacin 50 mg - 250%Vitamin B6 10 mg - 500%Folic Acid 400 mcg - 100%Vitamin B12 25 mg - 417%Biotin 60 mcg - 20%Pantothenic Acid 10 mg - 100%Calcium 165 mg - 17%Iron 9 mg - 50%Phosphorus 130 mg - 13%Iodine 150 mcg - 100%Magnesium 50 mg - 13%Zinc 15 mg - 100%Selenium 200 mcg - 286%Copper 3.5 mg - 175%Manganese 7.5 mg 375%Chromium 200 mcg - 167%Molybdenum 75 mcg - 100%Chloride 90 mg - 3%Potassium 100 mg - 3%Boron 60 mcgNickel 6.5 mcgSilicon 4 mgTin 10 mcgVanadium 10 mcgLutein 250 mcgLycopene 300 mcgPanax Ginseng Extract 55mg (Panax ginseng) (root) Standardized to 7% Ginsenosides, 3.85mg
Overall, I think it's hard to go wrong with Kirkland brand vitamins.  The value is great and the product is high quality.
The best and a great value too. I really hate the way Amazon has a demand on how many I should use to review a product - What a bunch of horse pucky!!!
This is my second bottle. I like these vitamins because they are simple to understand. The ingredients have are absorb-able.  If you take them on an empty stomach which one should not do, you mat get a fishy taste in your mouth. They do have in fish in their ingredients (cod, cusk, flounder, haddock, hake, pollock, redfish, sole). They do have the USP seal, a leading consumer magazine and online site gave it top ratings for everything they test especially absorption. The article is interesting to read and simple. Unfortunately I am not able to post or give the name, but think a famous Consumer site that has been in print for ages and online for some time.Yes, we do need to supplement our diets with a multivitamin because not everyone eats properly every meal, every day. I have always recommended a daily multivitamin to my patients and still do.
This was my first multi-vitamin. I do notice a difference in energy when i take these. I recmond always taking with some kind of food. And plenty of water. I heard somewhere taking these multi's at once does not work as good as splitting them in half and taking half in the morning and half at late afternoon. I do both ways. But they are good. I have not noticed anything besides increased energy....like clear skin or whatever. I am now gonna try a new one called optimen.
Kirkland seems to have the consumer in mind with there products and this Extra Strength non-aspirinis not exception. Works as well as the name brand that has been off the market.
If you use Acetaminophen then this is a deal that can not be beat. Cost per tablet is unbelievably low compared to the MAJOR Name Brand of the same thing. I see no difference at all.
I had been buying this product for years from one or more sellers and buy it in large amount to last me for some time.
This works just the same as the name brand, Tylenol. I don't see the point in buying a name brand IF the off-brand works just the same. So that's why I buy generics a lot of the time, including generic prescription medications if there is one available.
Really, find me a better deal. It is acetaminophen, does not matter the brand name, the ingredients are the same.
Excellent product that our family has used for years and necessary if one is allergic to aspirin or if aspirin interferes with other medications.
I take a lot of generic Tylenol and find that buying the pack of 2 is convenient and less expensive than buying from my local drugstore. If you use Tylenol, this is a good product and good buy.
Don't understand why Amazon keeps rejecting my review for this item  My points are the Kirkland Signature brand is an excellent brand you can trust.  And this package deal of two bottles of 500 count 500 mg. acetaminophen is the best money-saving value for this product that I've seen.
I'm not a member at Costco but I know you can go and buy them there.  I am a member at Sams and have bought them before there but a while back, there was the tylenol shortage and they didn't have them there anymore.  I'm sure they are back in stock but I haven't been in a while and not sure of the price but for what I paid for these, it was well worth it.  I've got 1000 pills that I can split up and put at different locations where I need them.
This is an economical option.  I take four to six a day, so I look for economy as well as performance.
These pills arrived in excellent shape and quickly in tight packaging. They seem to be as good or better than much higher priced brands that are at local stores. They seem to take effect quickly as well.
The presentation is awesome, with so many of the pills they would last even years. Highly recommended for all households.
I find these Acetaminophen tablets to be as effective as the Tylenol brand, and the price is very good.The Laboratory that makes these for \"Kirkland\" has been around since the late 1800's.I will buy these again.
Generic Tylenol from Kirkland provides the best value for your pain killing / fever reducing needs. These OTC type products have been on the market so long that there is no need to pay large sums of money for the mild results they produce.
I bought these after reading the description and thinking they were going to really help me out with my headache problems.  Unfortunately, they did not, which maybe is my systems fault.  So I got some Tylenol and it did the trick.  But, just because one product doesn't work for me, doesn't mean it won't for some else.
Whenever I have a headache, or achy bones, I've always used Tylenol to ease the pain. But Tylenol costs a pretty penny. So I decided to try Kirkland Signature Extra Strength, and it works just as well as Tylenol for a fraction of the price.Whitey Bulger - The Biggest Rat
I chose Kirkland because as a pharmacist I am very particular about generics.  If I can, I always choose Kirland because it is such high quality and not all generics are.
Three people in this house use this, so we go through it at a ridiculous rate, and Kirkland has a product as good as or better than any other generic (or the name brand, for that matter!) we've tried and at a price so good we're basically getting double if not triple what we would anywhere else!
i buy this stuff all the time way cheaper than other brands and does the same thing will be getting more thanks
I decided to alternate using this with Kirkland ibuprofen. but the ibuprofen simply works better. and i have heard that using acetaminophen is not good for your system for long time use. the price is right,
This stuff just works! It's great for my husbands arthritis and bears expiration dates at least two years later then when I bought it. Great value, no problems in swallowing the pill and it works wonders to &#34;top off&#34; my husbands pain pills.
If you use Tylenol, this is its clone.  Works for me to reduce fever and I tolerate it well.  Your mileage may vary.  The price is outstanding at the moment.
I have purchased these several time. I find they work for me just as well as the name brand Tylenol Extra Strength, and these are so much less expensive.
As I have said before, This is the only Ibuprofen that I can take.  They work fast and I do not have to worry about getting sick and throwing up.  Yes, I recommend these for everyone.
Why pay the drug store price for basic pain relief?Some people swear brands are different but I find all the ibuprofen works the same for me so I always look for the most for the cheapest and this was it.
what can I say, the price was right and they should last me. Would buy them again when I need to.
Been using ibuprofen for years (tylenol just doesn't do it for me).. always a good deal and the amount included last a long time.
The tablets are bright pink, fine.They are long skinny things and easy to break in half.Seem to work as expected.Update: I started chewing these because I don't like to swallow. Not a great taste but easy to chew and easier going down.
Works well for pain and as an antiinflammatory, but one has to watch about taking too much of it. The side effects can be devastating.
Have purchased this medication numerous times. Product is of good quality. Produces no unusual side effects or upset stomach. Works as good as the expensive name brands. Price is unbeatable. Highly recommend this Amazon seller and this product.
This product is equal in quality to any of the high end brands of ibuprofen on the market.  It enables me to purchase a large bottle at a much lower price  - why pay more just for a popular brand name where you get a small amount at a very high price.  Since I need this product often I always reorder this item.  I save money and know that I am getting good quality, a good price, and have a good supply on hand.
Well, It's Ibuprofen at a great price.  My husband and I use this medication periodically for aches and pains and this works just like any other I've used.  Wish it didn't have orange dye on it though.
These do the job.  They help with miner aches and pains and the price was right.  What else can I say?
I use this Ibuprofen every day. I have been taking Ibuprofen more many years, more than15 years. I have been taking the 12-hour Aleve pills twice a day, but I am trying to stop taking Aleve as it contains Sodium and I am taking a water pill because of fluid retention. I feel that the Aleve pill contains the sodium which may be causing the fluid retention I am having. So I have just started today to go without the Aleve and depend on the Ibuprofen for pain relief. I buy the Ibuprofen in the large quantities because the price gets better in large quantity sizes. This is a good product, and it arrived just as it was advertised. I am very pleased with this purchase and I will buy this again.
Purchasing pregnancy tests can become so very expensive, as can frequent doctor visits.  Why not purchase the tests outside of the plastic.  It not only saves the environment a little extra waste, but it saves you a lot of money.  If you need more than 1 or 2 pregnancy tests or you have friends, who might want to split a few with you, this is the way to go.  Plus, it is also an early pregnancy test, just like the ones you would find in the store or at your doctors.
Good price, accurate test and the big plus : the disposable cup!I've purchase other brand without the cup and it was not as easy to use as is this one!
The value of these are awesome!! I bought these as we were trying to conceive. After 6months of trying I almost fell over when I saw the 2 lines!!!!! I did test 5 more times to make sure, I followed it with a test at the Dr's office. The line was faint at the Dr's office but the line on these test were all solid. I was very impressed how good these test are, they are so inexpensive so using multiples at one time are no problem.FYI we tested 3 days before my period was to come. I'm so happy I discovered these on Amazon &#60;3
Great Value for these Testing Strips. Great for them Tester's out there!!!! Would highly Recommend and Love the Cup's they have with them.
We started trying to conceive last month and I used a few of these to test before I got my period.  The tests were negative, and it was true that I wasn't pregnant.  So, that's the way they're supposed to work, and they did work.It's nice that these are so cheap, and that they come with the cups.  As another reviewer mentioned, it's true that the Dixie cups get saturated with urine pretty quickly...but really, it's supposed to be disposable, isn't it?  You only actually need the cup for a few seconds.  So that's all right.The result appears pretty quickly.  I don't really know what these look like when it's positive, and that makes every test exciting.  The dye starts at a certain part, and last month there was still a little bit of dye at the starting place, so I thought (ok, hoped) maybe maybe it was just a really light result?  No.  It wasn't.  So, I'm waiting for parallel lines actually in the area where the negative one is.  Is that what I'm supposed to be watching for?  Anyhow, I think this is a user problem, and not actually a problem with the tests.Great for anyone who wants cheap, simple tests.UPDATE: When they're positive they start out with just the faintest, faintest shadow of a line.  So, there were a couple days where I was pretty sure I could see a line and my husband still thought the tests were negative.  After a few days, my husband admitted he could see a very light line, although he was not convinced that such a light line meant it was positive.  So at that point we bought a digital test that said YES+ and then he was convinced. About a week after I would have missed my period I did another one of these tests just to see if it would be much darker and it was darker than the control line!
When I am trying to get pregnant, I want to start peeing on a test stick as early as possible and as frequently as possible.  The problem is, the \"good\" test at the store cost a fortune!  I love these sticks because they are cheap but they work.  I start peeing a week after ovulation and pee on a stick once, twice, sometimes three times a day until I'm either pregs or start my cycle.  And yes, I know for a fact that they DO work!  :)
Pro: you dont ever have to rip open the plastic cartridge because it doesn't come in one.these tests are very discreet if you plan on taking them with you when you travel or keep them in your purse.the tests work very well. the cups are just dixy cups to collect your urine in.I have PCOS; and for the price, its VERY NICE to be able to guilt free test every day if you like.
These are so much cheaper than the store test and just as accurate. I'm very impatient so I love that I got so many of them. I found out I was pregnant with both of children using these test.
These are wonderful tests if you are trying to conceive and have the unfortunate patience of a 2 year old when it comes to finding out whether you're pregnant.  There are 25 tests in all, along with 25 little cups to collect your urine sample in, which makes life so much easier when you are trying to get pregnant and want to know whether you've succeeded before it is a guarantee whether you will get an accurate result or not.  These do work fast. I started to get a positive result, albeit faint, at 4 days before period was due.  In the past I could not get a positive result prior to 3-5 days after a missed period.  At 3 days before, I got a pretty obvious line, still faint but confirmation enough we had succeeded. I highly recommend these tests for the price and early results as well.good luck!
By applying this to a leather strop like a crayon, you create the perfect surface for polishing a knife or straight razor edge to literal razor sharpness.  The chromium oxide particles are equivalent to around 10,000 grit, and will polish metal to a flawless mirror finish as the strop realigns the blade's edge.  For such a fine grit, this actually cuts relatively fast, quickly becoming dark with removed metal particles.  Of course, this is relative: you could still use green rouge for years without perceptibly reducing a blade's size.
This product is great for polishing out minor scratches is stainless steel metals, returns metals finishes to a bright and burnished luster..
This is as good as you need for putting on your strop to hone a razor sharp edge. It will probably last a lifetime too.ThanksDennis
I've been reading a lot of reviews of the green compound and many people don't really know how to use it.  I can Identify, since it came with no instructions and I'm pretty new at using the compound.  Here is a great link to a short video on how to use the compound and rub it into your strop.[...]Also, let me say that I really like this compound and it seems to help keep the knife sharp and cutting.  Hope this helps.
I've used it to assist me in sharpening my home made knives.Its the next to last step in my sharpening process, It alsomakes for good polishing when used on a buffing wheel or cloth.
I use this product in my hair cream and I love it.  It's a nice thick, dark castor oil and works wonders for my hair growth.
I ordered this product a month ago and I have used it on my nape/temple areas where I had thinning due to age and struggle with PCOS. I actually have hair regrowth in that area, it's astonishing to see the results after I have tried so many dif products. I use it daily at night and morning, no pony tails anymore so that my hair can rest from being tugged. My hair dresser wanted to know what I had been doin bcus I was bald on the sides and now I have hair, actual hair growing back in. I'm so grateful to have read about this product on a FB page for girls w natural hair regimens. I love this and I shipped a bottle to my sis in TX
This is an excellent hair oil. In just a few days I have seen amazing improvement in the texture of my dry hair. I have thick, coarse, African-American hair. This oil is extremely thick, but exactly what my hair and scalp needed to restore its moisture balance. Daily use of this oil has not weighed my hair down at all. I highly recommended this thick oil.
For conditioning hair, growing edges, the oil is awesome for your hair. I put a little on my edges every night, and on my hair when it needs some love.  GET IT
If you use this daily on your scalp you will probably see some increase hair growth, not much, but some.
Im so happy I found this I feel like a kid in the candy store. This band is better than the other one to from the threads I read which is an extra bonus. The price is basically unbeatable. I was paying almost $17 with tax at the BSS. Dam rip off. This is the place to get it and tell all your friends. I will buy from here forever!!!! Thank you
I don't know how I feel about this product. I have not seen any effect on my 4c hair at all.
I compared the consistency of this one to my previous bottle of castor oil (same brand, different seller) and this twin pack has more fluidity and thinner. I do not like that. I haven't noticed any difference in my hair growth (been using about 6 months), but it does keep my hair shiny and moisturized; not so much my scalp, it just eats up this watered down oil. We know it doesn't smell like coconuts, but it's also not horrible...just wouldn't want a man sniffing my hair. I'll continue to use this for the much needed moisturizing benefits.
I love a protein drink that's not high in sugar. This is perfect for me and my lifestyle with the workout I have. I'm also not a big breakfast person so it's usually my first drink of the day to get me started.
This is 100% Whey and my husband loves it. It's one of our favorite proteins to use. We really like it
This is the first protein powder that i've bought and i'm very happy with it. i'm female and looking to gain lean muscle, which I defintely have since starting to use this. I'm also on a new workout regimine as well, so I'm sure it is a combo of nutrition plus training. Anyway, to summarize, this has a decent taste, is high quality and delivers a good amount of protein without lots of calories and sugar.
I liked this flavor from ON. It was a bit chunkier than other flavors (when mixed with a shaker bottle) that I have bought from them, but throw it in a blender and it comes out smooth.
great taste w/o to much sugar added. I love adding to my morning pre and post workouts add some milk and spoil your self for the day.
This product is superior to other whey protein products I've used.  It has more whey protein, a bit of sugar to aid recovery, a good taste and dissolves quickly in cold water.
Everything is great about this...the flavor, the texture, the protein.  I should have bought ON products a long time ago instead of BSN and muscleteche.
Really nice in a smoothie!  I was using &#34;Designer Whey&#34; before, and find this to be a little sweeter and foamier, but also more filling and with a better vanilla flavor.
I have tried a few whey proteins in my time of working out and this one is pretty good. It mixes well, and tastes great mixed as a smoothie of some sort with fruits and maybe a few bcaas or recovery. Alone, its tolerable. It is a lil pricey but for the blend its a fair price. I will stick with this product for a while.
This stuff is great. It's the best dissolving and tasting whey powder I've used. The product has a slight honey-like smell. The vanilla taste is not strong and is not terribly sweet. I like that cane sugar is used to sweeten it. Make sure you look for the *natural whey.
Great protein for the price, although seems to mix better with water than milk, although blender would take care of it.  Also vanilla flavor is one of the best.
I really like how simple the ingrediants are, not a lot of crap like other protein powders.  It also mixes great in smoothies, oatmeal, or even on its own with water or almond milk.
great, clean product. Only complaint I have is it took a little while to get used to the taste but now I look forward to when I take this.
The taste is okay but results with a workout for months didn't have any effect like I wasn't taking it but I will say made my skin more glowing but I won't by again.
I initially ordered this All-Natural Optimum Nutrition Whey because it was competitively priced compared to the good old artificially sweetened Optimum Nutrition Whey. I was completely expecting a bland and generally lousy tasting protein.  In fact, I tend to avoid anything ON-Brand that even hints of vanilla flavor.  I think thatOptimum Nutrition 100% Whey Gold Standard, Vanilla Ice Creamis absolutely terrible and my experience with ON's other all-natural product Oats & Whey Vanilla Bean was miserable.  Despite this, the price was attractive enough to convince me and I gave it a whirl....Shockingly, this protein is NOT terrible! It doesn't have a strong vanilla flavor, but it does have a light, tasty and authentic flavor.  Although I mixed 1 scoop with about 6-7oz of cold bottled water, I think it would be vastly better mixed with skim milk, almond milk or coconut milk.  It would also work VERY nicely in a banana puree or smoothie drink since it will thicken the drink without spoiling the natural flavor of the fruits.My only criticism would be the fairly high carb and fat content (5g and 1.5g respectively) which can really add up depending on how many scoops a day you are supplementing with.  I would always rather get my carbs from real food instead of my protein supplement.Though there's no artificial sweetener added, it does have \"Fructose\" in it (which sounds suspiciously like high-fructose corn syrup to me.... which technically speaking is \"natural\") So, I'm not completely convinced that I'm much better off with this product compared to their \"regular\" protein.Overall, it's not a bad whey matrix, especially if you find it on sale.  I wouldn't set out specifically to buy it again, but I wouldn't mind buying it again at the right price.Mixability: B+Taste: A-Calorie/Nutrient Profile: A-My Overall Rating: 90% out of 100
taste is alright i guess, but i recommend buying the 5 pound instead of the 2 pounds for price per serving.
I've been slowly coming around to eliminating a lot of the processed junk from my diet and finally got around to looking for a better protein powder.  I have tried several other brands and while they were good, they were also extremely expensive.  So I was so happy to find that a brand I already love, Optimum Nutrition, had a natural line of whey protein without any problematic artificial sweeteners.  The flavor is a very subtle vanilla, not too sweet at all and blends well into almond milk.  Will definitely be making this a staple of my pantry.
Based off the ingredients this looks like a good product and I throw it in my protein shakes every morning and it tastes really good. Always hard to figure out if it is actually helping my physical activity with growth and repair because I take another supplement but I will keep using it
i accidentally ordered this instead of the regular Vanilla i get i immediately tasted the difference. This 1 does not taste as good as its counterpart but regardless it gets the job done
Easy to dissolve, easy to drink.  A cursor investigation of the brand should assure you of the quality.  A cursor reading of this review should assure you of the taste.
good stuff but way too damn expensive for a two pound tub. flavor isn't that great but it has very good nutrients
I like this powder a lot - you can feel it if you take it daily - and best thing is that it burns real clean. I have noticed other powders will put some weight on me due to caloric content but this stuff is very lean. That said -it is the kind of powder that has to be taken every day as it burns off and is not long range. It is also not as potent as Syntha 6 powder but that one will put on weight and I notice has some small after effects - (for me it causes small things like complexion is not as clear, slight bloating. and if its possible- dirty fingernails also-)Myotein XPI is longer range and also very lean stuff -it is also designed to be longer range-Again though-this is solid and packs a good amount of grams into scoop and is easily consumed-very very clean
ON delivers again.Great value protein.Bonus that is is Natural.Works the same as any other quality proteins I have taken.Nothing special about it.Will buy again and again.
It took 3 weeks to soften my hair.  My hair still breaks but it grows the shorter hair.  Yes that smell is annoying after awhile.  But all castor oil comes from castor seed so I don't see why I need to pay almost $20 including shipping for it.  I will continue with an organic cheaper one without the smell when this finishes.  But support Jamaica's people by buying it if you can.
I absolutely Love this product because it is making my hair thicker and soft...yeah, it's thick oil....but I love the feeling it gives to my hair when it's slicked back and air drying.Will order more soon!!!!Jamaican Black Castor Oil 4 Oz
I purchased this product after my daughter told me how it works on her hair.  I hope to expand my review later after I have had it for a while.  It is very thick, but soaks up quite fast in my hair.  My hair is pretty thick, naturally, which might contribute to why it absorbs so much.  I did not find the smell offensive, which was sort of strange since this is the extra dark formulation.  When I tried the lighter version that my daughter uses, I couldn't stand the order.  In any case, I hope it works because I just want to stick with products that are all natural so that I can hopefully restore my hair back to its original texture.  I hope to buy again, but want to wait until at least a month to 6 weeks to see progress.Update:Just wanted to report that I am not so sure this product is growing my hair; but I will say it does make it incredibly thicker, which for me is a problem since I have thick hair. I also think it makes the hair stronger because I don't have any breakage and shedding. I wish it would grow it a little more ... maybe it might take longer.
This is the real deal. Strong stuff! I am still learning how to use castor oil, but this stuff is potent - not a bad price as a single drop goes a long way. If you are looking for castor oil I highly recommend!
Well, to be fair I've only used it once It  made my hair soft (but it's soft anyway) So having only used once I can't say if it helps with hair growth or scalp stimulation.
This is by far the best for the hair that I have ever used. I really love it for my feet and legs and I even buy the pimento oil for my feet pain. It also stimulates your hair follicles to make your hair grow. Even your eyelashes. Takes even my scars away from bites. Amazing.......
Began using this as a pre-conditioner for my hair when I went natural. Put it on my hair then sit under a heating cap for about 30 minutes. Shampoo, condition and style. My hair is usually very dry, this oil keeps the moisture locked in. It is very heavy so you really don't need to use a lot. A little goes a long way.
This is a great product! Superb results on skin and hair especially now that the weather has bocome cold and dry. This will now become one of my regular purchases. It is expensive but so are many beauty products in fancy bottles that fail to offer the results of Jamacian Black Castor Oil.
Use it for hot oil treatments . I am satisfied with the product  . I have given myself three hot oil treatments so far .
I love my Jamaican Black Castor Oil Extra Dark, it gives my hair a natural sheen, I wash my hair every week.
got this bottle in the mail in feburary because i went natural in late october my edges were really thin from all the bad chemicals and tight braids,  since using this product vigorously i have seen a major change in thickness around my edges and entire head of hair alot of new growth.even my friends from work notice the difference so for those of you with thinning hairlines i would def reccomend this product.
I just received this oil on Monday, 3/7/11 and mixed it with a little olive oil, and it worked perfectly fine for me. I hesitated before purchasing this product, and I'm glad I build up the courage to make the  purchase.  It is day three and my hair is still mosturized.  I like this product.  The shipping was fast and the product was very securely packed and sealed.  I am a very-well pleased customer and looking forward to purchasing more of Sunny Isles products. Thanks!
very thick and has a strong odor but does keep hair incredibly soft and shiny. I use it at night and before i wash but could not use it during the day as it is so oily
I like this product. Previously I used regular cold pressed castor oil on my scalp and that was very good for my scalp. This product seems to be promoting hair growth as well. I will buy again.
I mix it with my other oils and they all blend nicely and make my hair soft and nice. Love it
Loved this oil
I did not like this product.  It made my hair feel goopy and weighed down.  It took a few washes to really get out the product buildup left behind.  I read many previous reviews about using this to keep hair from breaking, but I won't buy it again, at least not the extra dark version.  I also did not like the smell much, and it lingered even after my conditioner.  To be fair, I only used it twice to I can't comment on how well it keeps hair from breaking.
We'll I just got the oil like 4 days ago, once I did my co- wash I put the oil on the places that needed help to grow. I did a lot of reasearch on this oil it suppose to help your hair to grow back bald spots and the edges around your hair line. And a lot of woman swear by this oil. So in 4 months I would like to come back and tell you if my problem has gone away or if it has gotten worse.But would I recommended this oil to anyone so fare yes, I would want you to try it and see if it would work for you.And yes I told my mother to see if it would help her grow back her hair.
I had read several articles on the use of Jamaican Black Castor Oil on the hair of women of color, and I'm here to say it works.  I've got new growth a month after one use, my hair is easier to manage and no more itchy dry scalp.  Ladies read blog articles in this product, you'll truly be amazed.
Again, this is another product that I purchased for a friend who was interested in doing a body cleanse and had read up on this product and wanted to give it a try! I'm told this product works effectively if you ever need to do a body cleanse!!! Go for it!
I use this oil in a recipe I have concocted and have found it is wonderful for helping the hair to feel fuller and thicker, A little goes a long way, too much will weigh the hair down so use sparingly. i recommend.
many have complain to the manufacturer about the itching,(check online) and the response is to buy more of their other products.That's always a red flag for me when a company suggest that you spend more to correct a complaint.  So, now I'm only using iton my temples, so far no new hair growth.  but it has only been 3 weeks so far. Ok, after months, this product did nothing.  The good news is I've had great results withsimple cold press castor oil.  New growth and thicker hair, and it was only $6
I love this oil.Moisturizing too.good price too.I use it from head to toe.hair, skinSome dislike the smell, but I don't notice any smell.
I have discovered there is no one grabber/reacher that will serve all purposes. I have several models in my home for different uses.I have one of these in my office. I like that it will lift up to 2.5 lbs and the 4 inch opening of the jaws allows me to grab larger things like full soda cans. My favorite feature is the infinitely rotating head allowing for a better gripping angle. This is one of my favorite grabbers.
This is a great device. It's easy to use and holds objects well. Because the gripper turns, it allows you to grab things at any angle (nice in tight spaces). If you have arthritis, as I do, it's really helpful picking up those items that are too small to get a firm grip on in hard to reach areas.
Well designed, and can pick up just about anything anywhere...The pickup arm pivots on the shaft, which is useful for picking up items in an oddball location or orientation.  The magnet at the end is helpful but not overly strong.The only thing it doesn't do well is hang from a counter top that doesn't have a vertical edge (e.g.; drawer, door) I glued a soft rubber strip on the trigger handle flange to improve friction between the handgrip and a counter top when it's hanging over the edgeEDIT, down to 3 stars - While it lasted, it worked fine...  Discovered that the actuating mechanism is a plastic rack and pinion gear arrangement - I found that out when I was lifting a can of soup off the floor, squeezed the handle a bit too hard and the can dropped...  and the \"jaw\" flopped around uselessly...  The plastic rack broke... So, great for light loads with minimum \"squeezing\", but a can of soup is its limit...Other reachers with a string pulling the jaw against a spring makes more mechanical sense, and is what I will replace this unit with.
I bought this reacher in October of 2010, so I have used it fairly steadily for nearly two years. It is still working well for me. When I read the other reviews for this item I felt compelled to put in my 2 cents worth... I use this reacher to close the drapes and to pick up small objects that I drop on the floor, since my gimpy knee makes it very hard to bend down and get things. I have used it to hang up my cordless phone, or to pick it up if I sit down and it's out of reach. I have even picked up single beads and findings when I drop them... The magnet on the tip comes in very handy as well. This may not be the best reacher for heavy-duty lifting of objects. However, for my needs it is a blessing and a daily help. It held up much better than the one I had (a different brand) before it.
This is a fine little tool to have around and I'm sure it'll be very useful.  It did not work for the specific issue I had at the time I bought it because the space I needed to get into was too narrow to grab the item I was trying to get.  Even so, I can see many other uses for this in the future.  It's light weight and easy to use and the claw end swivels, so it's versatile.
as advertised replacement pads
These are exactly what they purport to be and work very well.  More economical than buying them from a doctor or medical supply store.
These pads are larger than the set of 4 that came with the massager.  They seem to have better contact too.  Well worth the price!  Waiting to see how they hold up under repeated uses; the ones that came with the massager had a tendency to have the adhesive roll off the pad.  Great conductivity.
Good replacement pads.
I bought the Prosepra pulse massage pads to use with my TENS unit when the first set of pads wears out, which always happens.  I wanted another set on hand when that time came.  The product arrived on time and in order.
Sticks well to the skin and gives the pain management that you are looking for they came to my home really fast and would order them again.
These pads are good but you can get much longer life from the padsby using a conductive gel which hold the pads in place better andoffer much better conduction of the pulse massager.Good, but much better with a gel---B+++++
without the pads, TENS wouldn't work.  BTW, these pads work with almost any TENS units.  reach for the pads and plug in the wires
Other quality pads (link below) that rated  higher than the Prospera are over 80% less money and last longer.  The Prospera pads lasted about 6 sessions, after which they would not stick anymore.  I babied the pads and cleaned them with alcohol wipes, as directed by my physical therapist, but it did not help.I replaced the Prospera pads with these, which are every bit as good as the Prospera pads:Santamedical 40 2\" X 2\" Re-Usable Carbon Electrode Pads with Tyco Gel - Satisfaction GuaranteedThese get good reviews too, but I've never tried them:Replacement Electrodes/Pads for Prosepra PL009 Pulse Massager (24 electrodes)However, if you absolutely, positively want the Prospera brand and no other, click on the More Buying Choices button to the right of the Amazon ordering screen (where is says \"9 new from $0.50\").  Some of the sellers are offering extra pads (eg, up to 12 pads) for no added cost.
It is always good to have a few extra pads for my massager. They loose their sticky rather quickly because I use them alot.
I have this product few weeks and I use it daily on me and my family. It is so strong that I can not use level 10. Maximum what I used is 6 on legs. Smaler muscles less power. It surprised me, but I trust amazon shoppers reviews. Serious good product
I own a tens unit and these work perfectly with the one I have and they really do help with the pain I have in my hands. Will be buying more to keep in stock.  They do last a very long time but having extra is always nice.
These little pads are the perfect match for the original equipment pads that come with the Prospera Tens Unit.  Also priced well.
My son has a Prospera machine and uses it a lot.  He is disabled and this helps with the pain.
I purchased extra pads for my son's so they didn't have to worry about it.  I will presume they will fine when the time comes to use them.
These pads work well with my tens unit, and, most likely, with any tens unit.  The problem is they don't last very long.  These kinds of pads are the kind recommended by tens medical professionals and, if you don't know what you're doing, you should follow those recommendations.  However, I would like to share a little secret with you.  You can get a pack of short electrical lead wires, with alligator clips on each end, at Radio Shack, or elsewhere, for only a few bucks.  Get an ordinary spray bottle and fill it with water.  You can use aluminum foil (doubled over) as a substitute for a tens pad as long as you keep both your skin and the aluminum foil wet.  If you don't keep it wet, it will give you a burning sensation.  As long as you do keep, both your skin and the foil wet, the aluminum works perfectly.  Hint: Try wetting your big toe and then wrapping it with a wet strip of folded-over aluminum foil, securing it with an alligator clip and then clip the other end of the lead to the tens pin.  Do the same on the other toe.  Put your tens unit on its lowest setting and power up.  Remember to always keep your skin and the foil wet.  (use a spray bottle).I think the following warning should be with every reference to a tens unit.  NEVER USE A TENS UNIT TO PASS ELECTRICITY THROUGH OR ANYWHERE NEAR YOUR HEART!
These are definitely no where near as sticky as the originals that come with the machine. The first time I used them, they barely stuck, and by the second time they were done. I don't even use lotion or have oil skin. I don't recommend these.
The quality is the same as those that come with the Tens machine.I don't know if these are available locally, but buying from Amazonis a lot more &#34;handy&#34; than driving all over town looking for stuff!
YOU NEED TO HAVE EXTRA ...... THEY DON'T LAST FOREVER AND THEY ARE WORTH THE XTRA MONEY !  I WOULD BUY 6 T0 10 OF THESE DEPENDENT ON YOUR USE !
These should be available larger. Thats why I ordered 3 packages . The stickiness doesn't stay too long and you don't get a lot of use ......The original TENS is fantastic many functions , a must have
I bought the massage unit and decided tobuy replacement pads right away.  Love the unitand DO NOT want to be without the pads!Great item!!!
just what I needed to replace worn out my Prospera pulse massage pads.  I use the pulse massage daily and the pads do wear out and you need to replace them.  Pricing and shipping was decent here on Amazon.
What else can you ask for from TENS pads.  They come in a re-sealable bag and they work and stick very well.  For the price they are great.  Not much else to write about other than the fact that they work as designed and the price is good.
I ordered these for my mom and they are the correct replacement pads for the main unit she got with Groupon. I ordered her 2 sets and she is happy with them!  They are actually a little larger than the first/original set too, so that's a bonus for her particular pain areas!
There are times when I turn the wrong way and cause lower back pain.  I love my Prosepra unit, and purchased it on Amazon when it was a deal of the day.You can't go wrong with the soothing effects of the treatment.I can't count the times I used the unit and it stimulated my muscles such that I didn't have to spend money going to Chiropractic care.  Wouldn't be without it.
I bought these as replacements for my Prospera TENS device.  They work quite well and seem well made.  The price was also great.
My TENS unit was getting weaker and weaker.  I felt more stinging...then I got these pads.  Wow they mde it work like new.  I get so much relief with these pads on my TENS unit.  This is a good product!
sticks forever and I use them till they stop sticking. I bought ten packs, good price, good product, they will shock you if they are not on securely so be careful
I brought an electronic massager, and brought these pads for extra attachments when the others wear out.  The stick on the body well, and so far I have used them three times.  I like to keep extras, and would purchase this product again.
if you like electro stem and pads that work every time stock up on these.  about 75% off retail, you cannot go wrong with them.. good for about 3-4 uses then they need to be replaced.  easy to use however and work very well
HAVE HAD MANY BACK SUPPORTS FOR LOWER BACK PAIN. THIS IS NOT A CURE BUT A REASSURING BRACE. SO EASY TO ADJUST THE HOLD BUT MAKE SURE THE STRINGS ARE NOT TWISTED BEFORE WEARING. AN ABSOLUTE WINNER FOR ADJUSTING QUALITIES AND IT'S NOT TOO WIDE AS MANY ARE....GREAT PRICE TOO.
Helps with back support and firming up a middle-age gut. Will help you get rid of water weight....you'll notice that when you take it off...it will be wet.  Wear it in public (it's invisible under your shirt) and people will wonder how you lost weight so fast...it really sucks in your gut for you. Recommended.
I have been using the back support for a couple of years now.  In fact, this is my second one.  I have arthritis in my spine now that I am a senior citizen, and this back support helps me to walk better and it relieves my pain.  I can sit longer and work wearing this support belt.  I recommend it for anyone with back problems.
I like the way I can easily pull it tighter when I need to. It is easy to use. The only problem I have is that it is not easy to sit down with it on. I have another back brace that I use if I need one for extended use. This one is the best for short jobs that involve lifting. I also use Mueller thumb supports. I love their products.
It definitely helps, but for me it was uncomfortable unless I was just laying around. If you want something to help support your back while you are relaxing and not moving around a lot this support is helpful. For times when you are moving I found just wrapping my back made it easier to move plus give me some support. I would also recommend stretching exercises without wearing any back supports that are specifically for the back. Then put the support back on you are when done exercising, but make sure the exercises are just for the back. There is help for back problem exercises that you can easily find on line.
This is quite the 4-gallon bucket.  I use it to store my kitchen goodies and also for when I mop.  It's so versatile.  I think you could even make a little baby or dog basket out of it if you wanted.  If you are feeling down in the dumps, treat yourself to this bucket.
Not much to say here other than it's a good bucket.  I do like the size which allows for a long narrow mop head.  Also it has built-in measurements that allow for easy reading and measuring.  Handle is comfortable and it stores well do to its shape.  Price was right and it seems like it'll hold up.
With horizontal sponge mops, most buckets prove the wrong design.  But the design of this bucket makes it perfect for those mops.  And the handle of this bucket is aturdily attached so that the weight of a full bucket doesn't bow it.
arrived on time;well packed; good size bucket-caddy fits inside it for storage
Is it only good for cleaning purpose?  NOOOOOOOLet me tell you the ways I am using my bucket:1. grocery shopping tote2. picnic basket3. a car trip must (won't bend or get tipped over in the trunk or back seat)4. hand wash basin for my silk and cashmere garments5. pet bath tub for my 14lb dog6. sewing or craft project bin that can go from room to room7. transport my library books (if it can handle 4 gallons, it can handle a few hard cover books)8. a handy catch-all in the car trunk for various small objects (reuseable totes, windex bottle, rags, engine oil, paper towel, wet wipes, maps, a spare pair of flipflops....)8. and i use it to clean my floor mop as wellHow many other ways you can find to use this versatile bucket?? baby carrier? kid's toy bin? knitting basket?
I needed to get another bucket because my husband swiped my others for some funky job or another!  I know he'll be tempted to grab this one, too, so I'll have to hide it.  I like the color and shape of this.  It's sturdy and designed well.  One thing, I wish the bumps in the bottom weren't so big.  Handle is comfortable even when bucket is carrying weight.
This is a good bucket for just about anything, bit I mainly use it for window washing, easy to store all my window washing tools as well.
One a scale of one to ten this is a 9.5.  It does the job nicely. Here are the four more words.
It holds water well (and well water, I'm assuming), the handle actually makes it easy to hang, big enough to wash floors, and isn't noisy or clumsy like some.  Big enough to handle different size mops too.
I needed a lightweight bucket for a squeege for fit into and thi is perfect.  Didn't need one to hold a lot of water since I'll be carrying it around the house to do the outside of the windows. It seems well-made and sturdy enough.  One problem was apparently with the seller and my credit card as I had to use another one when I had plenty of credit on the first one I used.  Some mistake was made somehow.  Other than that, this item was shipped quickly and arrived intact
Casabella has managed to make one of those products that you like above and beyond its practical use. I just feel better when I have to haul out the cleaning bucket, and it's a beautiful bucket, as plastic buckets go. I like the shape of the handle, and the grey color. Anything that makes the mundane business of housework even a little more pleasurable is a valuable find.
Bought two of these for the house after buying cheaper buckets that the handles either fell off while full of water to just totally broke off from the biggest of big mega mart. Handles are really sturdy and the caddy fits perfectly will not even consider another brand of bucket for the house.
This bucket is well-balanced, the handle feels good in the hand, and the handle stays above the rim of the buckec instead of falling down below. I use it for carrying stuff around.
Better than the typical bucket easy to use, works well with the squeegee , could be sturdier but it will work fine.
Not much to say about a bucket.. I like it, it does the job. I bought it along with the Casabella Rectangular Storage Caddy, which is perfect for washing my car and being portable. It's also wide enough that any mop will be able to get in.
I love this shape bucket, it just fits the bill on so many levels. I would have preferred a bright green or tangerine color, doncha know...but this is great and is sturdy and easy to tuck into the closet. Good deal for the money.
I bought two of these and the storage caddy that goes along with it. One of the buckets cracked before I even had a chance to use it. And with the caddy on top it's really awkward to carry. The weight has to be evenly disturbed which is tough with cleaning supplies nothing weighs the same amount so most of the time it topples over.
This very curved rectangular bucket is MUCH easier to handle, balance and use than the usual oval or round pail. I am delighted with this, 'specially since I did not expect that! This is a fairly large pail (4 gallons, after all) but is not awkward because of its shape. The Storage Caddy that fits on top is great, too!
I just love this Bucket for dipping my mop in when washing the floor or windows. It sure beats those round pails.
I love this bucket!  It fits my Ettore 14&#34; window washer and squeegee like a charm!  It's got a super sturdy handle and is easy to pour from.
This bucket was a bit of an extravagance, but I actually really love it. It's just the right size for me and I got it along with the storage caddy and they make a great set. I think this would be a cool housewarming gift for someone.
The size of the bucket, the ease of carrying it while half full, is a bonus.  It's exceptional to the tasks it's meant for.
This is an awesome bucket and I love the shape. I have two mops: a regular string mop as well as a sponge mop.  My sponge mop could not fit comfortably inside of a traditional bucket, which is why I purchased this one.  This bucket is sturdy and its thin shape makes it possible to fit in the smallest of places.  You won't go wrong with this one.
Wish I had searched more before purchasing this caddy.  I am sure it can be used for other purposes, but as a tote for cleaning products it does not serve well. Too small, and very little room for products.  Will keep instead of sending back, but I would not recommend if you want a sturdy container for your supplies.
I love the size of this caddy, it's not too small neither too big. I'ts very lightweight and I also like the sturdy handle.
fits into Casabella bucket to save space
I have one of these in the graphite color for kitchen cleaning supplies, and one in white for cosmetics. Elegant design, sturdy, and they organize products neatly.Couldn't be happier.
These are very usful for any hobbiest.  You can carry a multitude of items in them.  I use them for my son and I for our Nitro RC cars.  We can fit all the bottles and tools in them; no problemo!!!
It feels nice and is lightweight. The shape is perfectly designed to store things like shampoo bottles and cleaning supplies.
This is made of a thick and sturdy plastic. It has two separated compartments for storing small items and one side with a large compartment for bigger items. I love the plain smokey color and easy grip handle.
This roomy storage caddy stacks on the Casabella bucket for easy storage. It's practical, though not big, and the two together save space and make it easy to find the cleaning essentials.
I now can clean more efficient. I just take my Caddy with me room to room and finish the job quicker. I cannot believe I waited so long to get my first Caddy. I have decided to get more for storage under by bathroom cabinets.
I have one of these caddies that I bought locally but its opaque white / clear and looks cheap (which it is not). Wanted new bucket / caddy combo for upstairs and found the Graphite. Love this brand of bucket and caddy, a little more expensive but looks good and won't crack like the cheaper brands do. I have two bucket / caddy combos and a couple of the smaller buckets from Casabella and have never been disappointed in the small details that make the other buckets annoying to use.
This really feels good in the hand, and holds thngs well. It fits in the top of my Casabella 4-gallon bucket nicely.
This is larger than many caddies, so lots of space to carry cleaning items you might not fit into others.
I use this under my sink to hold everything I use each day to get ready.
Like the title of the review says, I'm an organizing crazy person, so I love this. I bought specific car cleaning products that I am going to use every time, and I wanted a convenient place to store them but also be able to pick them up quickly and go. This fits the bill. I try not to put all of the heavy things on one side (common sense) and so far it's held up well. I also bought the Casabella 4-ballon bucket, and this just fits right on the top.
Large caddy for storing all my bathroom toiletries. Very sturdy, easy to clean, and portable. Perfect for long term use.
I got this to fill up so I can carry it around and clean my house one room at a time. This is a great size, all of my cleaning supplies fit in it, but they are a little too full, I am worried it can't handle all the weight, not that it is too heavy to lift it just sags a little in the middle, but so far I like it. It was priced right with great shipping!
Okay for cleaning supplies, I bought this and the bucket with it but when this sits in the bucket it just gets lopsided and topples over. But alone it works for carrying cleaning products from room to room just fine.
The handle is orange, by the way, not red - and it matches the Casabella 4-gallon bucket. This is so handy, you just drop it into the pail after you've filled it up with what you're going to use, and away you go. Store in the pail when you're finished. This assumes, of course, that you haven't filled the bucket to the tippy-top!!!
We have lots of caddies, but this one is our favorite all around one.  Large enough to hold plenty, but not bulky.  I also like that it has one big long compartment on one side and two on the divided side.
I thought I might be going overboard getting this, but I use it all the time. I got the matching bucket as well and they make a great set.
This is a decent caddy.  It didn't hold quite as much as I thought it would but the design is attractive and it works for me.  I notice the price went up.  I purchased mine for $9.  I don't know if I'd pay much more than that for another one.  If I'm going to pay more I'd want a little more storage space.  It is made in the USA though and the workmanship shows it.  If they make a bigger one I'd look into that.
I purchased this to store the numerous shampoo, shaving cream, & conditioner bottles that accumulate in one bathroom shared by three women and one man. The bathroom only has a shower and the recessed shelf is already full of products. This matched the shade of the bathroom (not the orange handle) and I put all the excess shampoo bottles in it right outside the shower for easy access. Highly recommend!
I have a big house and its nice to carry everything at once for cleaning the bathrooms and such.  Plus I awlways know where everything is. No excuses!~ :)
I am deployed to Afghanistan and ordered one of these as a shower caddy for carrying my bathing items and beauty items back and forth to the showers.  Great quality, great condition when received! Very sturdy.
We have used this product for over a year. In the initial 6 to 8 months we had wonderful results with helping keep our son focused and attentive. One of the immediate results in our son that we saw was a desire to eat lots of protein versus sugar. In the last three months we have seen a significant decrease in the result of using this product. He is not yet ready to move up to a full dosage nor are we ready to take that step so we are thinking we need to look into another way to address focusing issues.
I was recommended this for my daughter's A.D.D. She had been on Adderall for years and we just wanted something that would help her with her attention. This is what this product claims to do. Didn't work for her. I wouldn't waste money on this.
I have adult ADD, and this product really helps me settle down and focus.  More subtle (and less dangerous) than ADD stimulant meducation such as Concerta and easy to swallow. Just kind of expensive (over $30 for a month's supply-why so much? This product has been out forever!) A good product for ADD sufferers.
Well, we were hoping this would work with are eight year olds A.D.D. it did not. I guess the search continues. Maybe it works for some, just not him.
My son has epilepsy, Tourettes Syndrome and ADHD/Inattention. When a friend, who has had excellent results with this product for his child, recommended it I was very hopeful. Unfortunately, it negatively affected my son's mood. He became very irritable and difficult during the loading dose, so we discontinued use. I re-read the reviews for this product and found one other person mentioned similar results.Even though this product did not work for my son, I would still encourage people to give it a try. The friend who recommended it has had very good results and his child's teachers even commented on how much he had improved after he started taking it.One product that has helped that I feel compelled to mention is Natural Calm magnesium citrate powder. Kids with ADHD tend to be low in magnesium and this is really easy to give to kids and tastes pretty good. We have seen improvement, mostly with mood/emotions, with Natural Calm. The changes were so noticeable that it is a daily part of his supplement regimen.
It cleans well, but after about a month the clip broke that holds the cord for storage broke clean off.  On the bright side, it looks like I can buy a new handle (with the clip attached) for only $24.95.
The vacuum function is VERY loud. So loud that I have to wear earplugs when I vacuum or else my ears ring. It picks things up, which is great, but it is ridiculously loud. The steaming function does not seem to do much for my floors... they don't look any different after I steam than beforehand (but there is always dirt on the pads afterward... so it is doing something). It does what I need it to do... which is clean my hardwood floors,and it's nice and light which is a plus, but it's nothing amazing.
I bought this for my local dog shelter. I was so excited to give them something to keep the doggie's kennel's extra clean, but I went there about a month later and saw that it looked all sad and slightly broken. I didn't ask what happened, but I wager than the constant lifting and dropping into the kennels probably just did too much damage and was too cumbersome to use after a while. I'm sure this could be great in an apt, but probably not for places that need such frequent cleanings, such as dog shelters.
So, the reason that I chose this vac/mop was because I have cats and a baby; sweeping up cathair with a broom was almost pointless and having clean floors for a crawler seemed like a good idea - even better with no chemicals!The vaccuum part worked great. It's a very lightweight appliance. The steam part was easy to transition to and was quick to heat up and still easy to push. I guess I expected it to clean the dried-on food underneath the high chair and it doesn't exactly work like that. The steam did, however, loosen those very stuck on pieces of whatever, but the pad didn't pick them up (compare to putting a bowl of water in the microwave to steam the dried on bits off, but you still have to wipe it out). Still a ton easier than using my fingernails trying to scrape stuff off the linoleum. I think if I was trying to be very thorough, I would just go over the area with the vacuum again after the steam dried, but I just picked up the stuff with my hands.I am happy with my purchase and I anticipate purchasing additional moppy pads so that I can use it several times a week. It was quick and painless. I love reusable-ness.
Waste of money! Stopped working after two months- only used once a week! Cleaned ok while it was working.  Poor quality- very few steam holes compared to the Eureka!
I have a hairy dog that sheds a lot. The kitchen floor must be swept every day, but since he's taken to attacking the broom, that gets a little difficult. I also have a Scooba to mop the floor every day, but wanted to steam clean it. The hairy dog also gets muddy.This is a great invention, as if it was designed just for me. It's no biggie to vacuum (dog barks but doesn't attack the vacuum), then steam clean the floor. It takes half the time it did before, and the floor dries immediately.Plus, the vendor, Buy Happier, couldn't have been nicer. The first unit I received had a faulty steamer - they arranged a pickup of the defective unit and replaced it without a hassle.
I didn't buy mine through Amazon, I bought it through Walmart.com, about two years ago. It did everything I wanted it to do for my porcelain tile floor with many issues brought up by other reviewers. Pro - It cleaned well, vacuum was good, i like that the floor dries quickly after using the steamer, the room smells fresh afterwards. Con - Starts and stops, doesn't get into corners, smallish water reservoir.  I was happy with
Bought this for my new hardwood floors a little over 6 months ago.  Let me share my experience both pros and cons.Cons..1.  Very poor suction.  Makes a lot of noise, but picks up only light dust and very little else.2.  Steam is sporadic and you must wait for it to build up more steam while you are working.  The steam itself is a bit ineffective as the temperature seems only warm and the quanity is marginal. It stopped working this morning(now I'll shop for something that actually works)3.  
I bought two of these from infomercial for $390 with shipping and two year warranty. I wasn't that impressed but when I called to return both units I was told that I would have to send back at my expense, plus their was a huge restocking fee. If I returned both I would lose about $100 plus my cost to ship them both back. So I just kept. DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM INFOMERCIAL EVER!!!!Worked ok for a few months, but then the steam just stopped working at all. I called since I have two year warranty. My options are to send at my expense with $20 check so they can ship it back to me.I so wish I had bought this at Costco for about $130 so that I could just return now for refund.What a waste!!!!If this worked like it should it would be a great product! But it doesn't.
What a piece of junk....cumbersome, makes the floors dull, doesn't steam evenly and DOES leave streaks.  If you look at the dirty mop end you will see that it does not pick up the dirt uniformly and you have to go over it and over it many times.  It does not fit under cabinets, or couches or furniture due to its bulky design.  It is IMPOSSIBLE in the kitchen, that's where the dirt is, around the perimeters but you can not do corners.  Terrible for a small bathroom and will not do around a toilet.  The vacuum is so loud that its deafening, it is a very high pitched and annoying sound.  The is a waste of money and there has to be better products out there.
Great Idea, Bad Device.  The steam mop has just stopped working and the unit is just a year old.  This is my second (and LAST) Shark unit.  I will not purchase another.  Same thing happened with my last Shark steamer, only it didn't even make a year.  The vacuum is very loud, but works well.  I won't keep it for the vacuum only so off to the recycling center it goes.
I am a 'house husband' and do the cleaning in our home.  I read all the reviews before buying the Vac-then-Mop.  I think the 3 star ratings are probably accurate. Our house has Bruce hardwood floors or tile floors throughout, for allergy relief. Had high hopes for this little machine.  Yes, it is easy to assemble, and the instructions are clear.  Easy to vacuum and then switch to steam-and it does make steam.HOWEVER....the vacuum leaves dust/grime/hair on floors that a rotating brush might pick up. Then, the steam pad does not provide full contact with floors. When I removed the pad after steam cleaning 3 areas, the corners were black with grime, but the middle and some of the sides were clean; there was no full pad/floor contact, tho I carefully followed directions.  (Then the pad has to be cleaned.) In one area, I had to go back over the floor with a Swiffer to get up bits of debris both the vacuum and steamer had left behind. By that time, I decided I might go back to the old vacuum/Swiffer combination.I am going to do more floors and will add more information later.
Bought one for me and another for a friend. Neither of us had ANY luck. I will not be purchasing or using any more.
This was just no for me. Maybe it works for different people. Just not what this fat girl needed. Good luck.
Followeding directions, but item does not seem to be working for me, not sure if happy with product. I am doing exactly what it says, but see no results as said should be.
Don't waste your money on this imaginary diet powder that you spread on any food you want. there is only one true way to lose weight.  Weight Watchers works a lot better.
As with all other products advertising to absolutely help you loose weight this does nothing. It does have a taste, even though advertised not to change the taste of your food. It is embarrassing to use as everyone can tell what your are using. It does not do anything to help you eat less.
I love the sense system and was so glad they had &#34;to gos&#34; available since I'm always on the go
Got this for my daughter.  Did absolutely nothing.  Did not affect eating, smell and worse of all, did nothing for losing weight.
It just didn't work. I know I won't buy it again ever. Just waste of money.It's hard to believe if it works for anyone.
Thank you for the fast service. This is an amazing little box. It works so fast and is so easy to use. Thanks again for the best price.
These were super easy to use and work well they dont have a taste which I was worried about but I'm happy I got them
No help in dieting. Don't waste your money.Another gimmick. I started eating natural food and lost 5 lbs in 4 weeks
I had purchased my vitamin supplements from GNC and in the bag was this Sensa Slim I had thought maybe it would work since I am already on a diet and doing my cardio ab workouts but I had noticed the first two days bloating and a weird feeling which was not normal to me. I still think the old fashioned diet works best proportioning your food, staying active, and drinking a lot of water instead of sodas or juices. But definitely would not recommend this.
I have taken this before it work, but them I travel and gain back what I had lost, will try again
I was eager to try this but was very disappointed.  I noticed no difference. It is supposed to make a person feel full faster, or satisfied.  When using Sensa, I had the same feeling as when I DIDN'T use it.  It was not money well spent.  I'm glad this order was for the small one use packets, and not the full price program.
Didn't help me one bit.  Good ole put the folk down and treadmill works the best.  I did join WW online to track what I ate.  That's what got my weight off.  Good luck!
Nothing
dont waste your money...it just does not work. you will lose more weight by \"shaking\" than by product itself...did not make me feel less hungry, fuller,energetic or nothing...
i tried it 3days and nothing happened.  Still ate as much but I had to stop because this is under NCAA and military regs
This product is one of those products that you have to constantly use, I know for on month I did not loose an ounce, exercise and eating better still lost a big fat 0
This product is great for losing weight. Itis so simple to use and carry with you towork, restaurant, or school.I will be buying more of this product.It curbs your appetite and helps youto lose weight.Vickey E.
The refills are expensive and they don't last very long. The razor is dull before the outer moisture block is even worn down. Not a very close shave either.
Love intuition even more now that they have a sensitive refill. These are great. My sensitive skin thanked me. Will buy again
This by far is the easiest razor to use its all in 1 so no need to use any other lotions or shaving creams. The down size is the intuition plus doesn't have the hole in the handle to hang up the razor in the shower like the first intuition (not the plus). I have both the plus and first intuition and the blades are interchangeable.Blades- The blades are more money but if your time is worth anything these are a must have for all shaving women today. I shave daily can't stand any stubble and love this razor for the conveinence alone.Shaving with the blades in areas around the ankle and the underarm can be a little challenging with the larger head of this razor, however you learn with time and practice.
The only razors my wife will use.  She has problems with nicks and cuts from just about every other brand she's tried over the years.  I just wish they cost less.
Look...I don't use this...the bride of 33 years and 2 daughters do use it...I am ordered to keep a supply of these in the house...
I personally have NEVER cut myself with these razors, they leave no razor burn, and you do not need shaving cream to use them. They slide really easy and give a close shave. All in all it's my favorite product on the market. Only downside is the cost, but still worth it.
This is a fantastic ladies razor there is no prepping, just wet and shave it moves to the contour of your leg and I have nevergotten a nick or cut. I apply lotion afterwards and no problems.
I liked the idea of this very much. I have easily irritated skin paired with fast growing, dark hair. I get sick of waxing and thought this might be better than most razors.Its not. My skin stings immediately after use, which hasn't happened with other razor blades. I might be sensitive to something in the built-in shave cream, but that's kind of silly given its specifically for sensitive skin.
I guess there's a lot of manufacturing in these.  It doesn't take long for the soap cake to be gone, turning this into any other normal disposable razor.  At any rate, it's worth it to me to have a couple of really safe shaves.
Never thought I'd spend so much on razors but they work so much better than standard razors I could never go back. Eliminates the need for shaving cream, soap, etc. The only downside is the moisturizing bar surrounding the razor can wear down pretty quickly after a few shaves, but if I don't have any refills waiting I just wash with soap before using to extend the life of the razor. Paying a little extra can go a long way and that's definitely the case here, I never nick myself or have razor burn and the shave is always close to the skin.
I've been buying these refills for years.  Amazon has the best price online anywhere.  Can't find these in the stores at all.  Hope these stay around for a wile longer.
Like many other reviewers, I have super sensitive skin. It takes nothing to give me razor burn and no product I tried would help. 2 blades, 3, lotion, oil, with the grain, etc... At best I'd end up with tight, itchy red bumps all over that would take days to go away. At worst it was painful and I'd have a lot of \"nicked\" spots.I've been using the Schick Intuition since it came on the market and it's hands-down the best thing I've ever tried!Pros: No razor burn, cuts, bumps, bleeding, or need for lotion, foams and oils. just wet and use!Works fantastic and leaves me with super soft legs every time.Cons: Costly, hard to keep clean (seems to clog with hair easily) and not for bikini area! (I use an electric razor for that, so no big deal.)If you don't have sensitive skin, I'm not sure it would be worth the cost to you. If you do, this razor is a gift from the hygene gods!
I have used this brand for over 3 years now and I will never use another razor or blade than the intuition. These blades, along with the skin conditioning solid, leave my legs feeling silky smooth (so cliche but SO TRUE). My husband loves the way my legs feel, and if he's happy then I'm happy.
I've used the Intuition shaver for several years, and can always find a deal on one scent or another at Amazon.com.
When you use these.. your legs WILL feel amazing. I love intuition by Schick. The soap comes off fairly quickly and you wouldn't want to use it without that but while it is there its great!!!!
Great for shaving legs and not getting any cuts also good for shaving arms They are costly and do not last long but worth it.
Bought these for vacation travel.  It helps moisturize my skin and makes my legs feel nice and soft for days.
I love shaving with the Schick Intuition Plus.  It makes it easy because you do not need shaving creme or soap and it doesn't leave your legs dry.  The blades cut well and you only have to go over an area once.  The only down side is that the lotion surrounding the blades doesn't last as long as the blades.  Do not leave it in the shower.  It will melt away in no time.  It is a little pricey, but for now it is worth it.
This is my most favorite of all razor refills for my Intuition. It shaves very close and I hardly ever knick myself.  It also leaves my legs soft.
I've been spoiled on these, they just get the closest, smoothest shave, and I can't shave with anything else anymore!  They make my legs very smooth and no nicks, plus I have very sensitive skin so these are all I will use anymore.  They're worth the price.  I really like this new, tropical Splash scent.  It's very refreshing and summery!
Being blind as a bat without my glasses, I usually HATE and DREAD shaving my legs, but since Intuition came into being, I have been a devout fan of their product. And the Pomegranate is just AWESOME! Goes a LONG way to moisturizing my chronically dry skin AND keeping me from not only tearing up my LEGS and ARMPITS, it keeps my fingers cut-free! (I have to shave by the &#34;feel and shave&#34; technique, which usually produced AT LEAST 2 major cuts on my hands, but not with Intuition and EVEN BETTER with the Pomegranate! (Or that could just be me and my loving the SMELL that is also incredibly noteworthy!) :) GREAT PRODUCT ALL AROUND!
Intuition is the only brand I buy.  It gives the best shave without needing shaving cream and smells great no matter which scent.
I like these razors, especially in the summer when you have to shave everyday.  I will say, this one is the best smelling out of all of them.  It's strong so if you're sensitive to fragrance, try pretty much ANY of their other scents.  This one definitely smells like pomegranate.Also, I noticed that when shave bar is gone, you can use the blade in a Shick Quatro.  It's the same blade.  It allows me to get more use from the blade when the shave bar is gone and the blade is still sharp.
for wife, only one she'll use, and easier to find than at drug or grocery store, she will keep purchasing these
I love not having to use shaving cream. These smell good and shave well.Locally these cost $14 for three blades so Amazon has a great price. I wish they lasted a bit longer but otherwise no complaints.
I believe this is THE BEST razor ever! One step process makes shaving a breeze! Showers are quicker; legs are smoother!
I've been shaving for 18 plus years and this razor by far is my favorite razor I've ever used.  I've been buying the refills with the same razor for over 6 years or more...I honestly can't recall.  I used the Inuitiion Razor than bought the Intuition Plus whenever it came out and having been using ever since.  I have super sensitive skin and I've struggled with the typical razor and shaving cream approach.  This razor is awesome and I love these promegranate scent refills.  I buy these through my Amazon Subscribe and Save which is much cheaper than any where I can buy it in the store.  I am very happy with these refills and razor.  It's also great for travelling since I don't have to bring shaving cream anymore.  They are a little pricey but totally worth it and really not much with my discount through the Subscribe and Save program.
I have been using these for years so was very excited to see them at this great price  and love the save and subscribe
Have used these for years. So handy to not use shaving cream. I own three razors......one at my daughter's house, one in my travel bag and one in my shower. Completely sold on Intuition!
I've been an Intuition user for a long time but these Naturals are my least favorite.  They don't seem to last nearly as long as the others and since these are already pretty expensive, it's tough to justify the cost.  I will be switching to another scent moving forward since those tend to last longer.
I like these soapy refills. They work okay but don't last as long as they ought to for the price. The six packs via Amazon's Subscribe and Save really brings the price down which I like. They're convenient and don't cut my skin.
Not quite as coconut flavored as I was hoping, but you can't beat the convenience and space saving of these razors.
If you tend to \"nick\" yourself while shaving, as I do, then this is the razor for you. I like the moisturizing refills best as I tend to have dry skin. I have been using the Intuition razor for many years. In fact, I have given my four granddaughters, the Intuition when they were old enough to begin shaving. I was on vacation overseas recently and had forgotten to bring an extra refill. The refills were very expensive so I purchased the Bic throw away razors. After one use and many \"nicks\", I went back to the store and bought the Intuition refills. This brings me to the 1 negative fact regarding the Intuition. Intuition refills are costly, which is why my granddaughters did not continue using them.Bottom line is that I love the product and am willing to pay the price, but I believe many people don't use Intuition because of the refill price.
CHEAPER THAN TARGET AND I DON'T HAVE TO DRIVE TO THE STORE.  I HAVE USED THESE RAZORS FOREVER.  I LOVE BEING ABLE TO BUY THEM ONLINE.
Love this razor and it is a great price. I couldn't find it cheaper anywhere. Love not needing shaving cream.
Bought this product for my daughter who loves the shave that this refill is used for. highly recommend this product.
These are the only blades I buy now. The hair on my legs is sparse, and it grows slowly so one blade lasts me about 6 weeks.  I highly recommend these for ladies with dry or sensitive skin.
This razor is the best invention in razor ever. Quick, easy and smooth finish. I've been using them for years and it's worth the extra cost for the refills because I don't need shaving cream and no mess!
Wonderful razor that shaves so comfortably it encourages daily use.  These razors provide such a nice shave with no scratching and they leave the skin smooth and soft.  Each blade can be used for 8-10 days without noticeable wear.  Well worth the price, these have become the new standard.  Use with just bar soap and they function just fine.
I bought this because I need to refill the moisture Razor. I like the design that easy to refill and change and it has different favor to choose.
When I purchased this item it was sold by Amazon, now it is sold by a 3rd party retailer so I can't comment on their service.  The product arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  I was worried that the pomegranate scent would be overpowering but it is actually really subtle.  I have been using the intuition razors for years and really like them - they are great for a quick shave.  I still think you need a second razor though.  The head of the intuition is fairly large so it is hard to get a good shave in some areas.  It's great for legs though, especially when you need to do them quickly. Overall I would recommend this product, but what I really look for in the refills is a good price since I don't really notice a difference between the different types of soap/scents that they come in.  As long as it's the 4 blade variety it works fine!
The intuition razor is awesome as you don't nick the heck out of your legs or underarms.  The blades are surrounded by a nice smelling substance that makes the shaving a dream.  Worth every cent and love the multi pack as it saves money too.
I bought them because at the time it was cheaper then my local walmart. I like these because they are good with my skin. I have sensitive skin and they work great. will definitely repurchase again.
I have been using these for years and in all the time that I have been using them, I have NEVER cut myself.  I find that these make shaving SO easy, that I actually shave more often!  I'm sure my husband appreciates that.  :)
I started out only using these when I traveled, they are so convenient to travel with and especially to camp with. I love them so much that I have started using them all the time and my legs are all the happier for it.The Subscribe and Save price is a good deal when compared to buying them at my local drugstore.
Even for my dry skin these razors are awesome!! No more messing with shaving cream which cuts WAY down on time
The women in my family love these but I certainly do not. It seems like a good concept but did not provide a close shave for me.
My favorite razor heads! Great smell, doesn't nick you and you don't need shaving cream! Get a close shave too.
This is the best shaver I have found.  With the lotion built in, it just glides and works great around knees.  My teen daughter started using them when she was about 11.  So much easier than trying to teach how to get shaving cream on, that just slides off.  These are great.
Been using these for years. They are the only razors that don't cause my skin to break out. Very thankful that still make them!
So easy to use and a &#34;must have&#34; for travel.  No mess. and such a smooth shave. They smell so fresh and you legs look so nice because they have been moisturized also.
This is really a good buy....better than in the stores !!The very same brand, but lots more for your money !!
I've been using these razors for a few years now, and I love them.  No more shaving gel, and wasting time in the shower.  It's a quick, one, two, three and I'm smooth for the entire day.  These get a very close shave and I don't have to worry about knicks.
It is a little big bigger than I thought it would be, but it's not uncomfortable.  It smells kinda strong, but it doesn't bother me.  It's very easy to clean.
THIS ITEM IS SUPER AND WORKS VERY WELL. WELL MADE BY DOC JOHNSON AS ALWAYS. DOC JOHNSON MAKES THE BEST!
this is a little too big for beginners.  I recommend starting with the smaller one.  My wife is very open to trying new things but it will take a little more time to work up to this i think.
It's actually a clear sleeve around a harder, purple plug...it makes it look weird, shaped weird & just not what I wanted.I'll definitely be looking elsewhere.
I have never owned 1 of these.... so it was my first. It is bigger than I expected. But it is pretty much what I assumed when I bought it... brand new, in the package, with great shipping time. Now I need to find a smaller 1 to order :-)
Works good, but make sure you really pay attention to the sizing on the description, especially if you are buying this to try and experiment with your partner as a beginner. Otherwise, works great, easy to clean and seems to stay in place well.
Fits very well and doesn't take a lot of effort to put in when used with a good lube.  Very easy cleanup making it nice for use on multiple partners.
there is jelly inside. the outside is a softish plastic shell about 1/16 thick and when you poke at it, it feels kind of like vinyl raincoat.
This is much bigger than i thought. my girl friend and i have been easing into anal play for a little bit. we have used anal beads (which she loves) and asked me to pick something a little bigger. I made a mistake, this is much bigger! I did get it into her with some encouragement and some lube, and she did love being dped with it in, she is now asking for something a bit smaller. it is well made and doesn't have a smell which is great! but, if your looking to get this and you are a beginner, you might want to listen to this (as well as other) reviews and hold off until you are read
These caps are flexible and fit my toe very nicely.  They are not so tight that they seem to cut off the circulation but are very comfortable.  They do not slip off as others have done.
I had high hopes for these toe caps, but they did not stay on my toes for very long.  I assume this is a common occurrence with toe caps because it is advertised these will stay put.  I did not have that experience.
I was wondering if these toe caps would work for just the 4 narrower toes or if I could also use it on my big toe..  I was happy to find out that they stretch to work on either; and it is not tight on my big toe!  Jesus' Blessings andPeace
The thing that I like about the caps is that they are stretchable and can fit any toe.  However, I only gave it 3 stars because of the durability.  One of them split after the first wear after a 3 mile run.
Broken foot gifted me with a 'hammer toe&#34; -- these gems make almost every pair of shoes wearable.  BONUS: they work beautifully over big toes if you hafta stuff a lovely open-toe pedicure into a closed-toe shoe.
These toe caps are super soft.  They are good for problems if you have blisters or corns between the toes.  After wearing a few days they do become sticky, which I do not like.  They wash well.  Just order enough to replace when they get sticky.
my husband is a diabetic and stubs his big toe a lot...when he does not have a bandage in place his toe is vulnerable to another sore or cut...i use these toe caps to protect the tender new skin after a wound heals...it breathes enough that his toe does not macerate...i have also been known to use the cap over a bandage to hold it in place better...this is a really good product as far as i am concerned...
My son stays on his feet all day -- so much so that he got blisters on two of his toes.  The toe caps kept his shoes from rubbing his blisters.
I tried Polident, and all the other brands I could find in my drugstore to clean my stained retainers. They all did close to nothing. I found this product researching here on Amazon, tried it, and was very impressed with how much better this product performs than the garbage stocked by my local stores. My local drugstore started carrying it, but the 4 pack here on Amazon is $3 less per box than the cost in the drugstore. Great product at a great price.
This is the best cleaner i've ever found and have been using only this for several years.  The first time I ever used it after using the expensive crap recommended by my denturist or the cheap stuff over the counter i was shocked at how clean my teeth felt as well as how clean they looked!  I will not use anything else!  I did finally convince my local pharmacy to order it in for me, but I like to stock up so I don't run out.  When they stopped having enough available I looked online and found that Amazon now has it...... Thank you AMAZON and for the BEST PRICE TOO!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
I use a nighttime mouth guard since I grind my teeth when I sleep.  I use Stain Away every morning and it works way better than any of the tablets.
This is the greatest thing since sliced bread.  It is great forcleaning dentures and partials. It works well in hot or coldwater.  Great stuff, I would recommend this to anyone whohad dentures.
This is by far the best cleaner out there. Despite coffee, cigars etc. this cleaner leaves dentures good as new with zero scrubbing.
RHIS IS BY FAR THE BEST DENTURE CLEANER I HAVE EVER FOUND, LASTS A LONG TIME BECAUSE YOU USE VERY LITTLE.
Best product found to clean dentures. Fast, really good and strong to clean and freshen completely.Highly recommend to anyone needing such a product
If you use a full capful of the granules, this becomes much more expensive than tablets, but it does work better.  You will probably NOT get 80 cleanings out of one bottle... I get about 30-35 because I use a full capfull.  Overall I'm happy with it.
This product is the most effective I have tried for cleaning dentures, and I also find pouring a capful into the toilet every several days helps keep the toilet clean without risking the problems of using those toilet cleaning products that go into the tank and not directly into the toilet bowl..
i have used this product for many years and find it the best on the market.  I was so glad to find such a great price on Amazon (where I buy most of my internet products).
I use it every day and it cleans and whitens the best! Very easy to use and you can be sure your dentures will be clean and white!
I have used Stain Away for years and find it's cleaning power superior to any other on the market.  I have recommended to my friend because some have asked how I keep my teeth so white.
This will actually clean dentures, partial, mouthpieces and probably lots of other things.  If you're thinking about it but aren't sure, just do it.
A pharmacist recommended this to me some years ago. It's outstanding but I would put a word of caution out... It is strong enough spillage can cause a towel or bathroom rug to look like some spots of bleach landed there...
I've tried just about all the tablets, but this really does an excellent job cleaning.  This is my go to brand from now on.
This stuff is amazing. My husband's dentures were becoming badly stained even though he soaks them every night with the tablets we buy at Walmart. I found this product in town after reading about it here and bought a bottle for him to try. One soaking removed all the stains that the tablets left!.  We were impressed.  I have partials that I don't take out except to brush them and I just soak them once every few weeks with StainAway and it keeps them nice and white.I can not find this in town any more so I now buy the 4 packs from Amazon.I can not recommend this product strongly enough for anyone with dentures that have stains the tablets just don't take care of. Try it, you will love it.
Intresting product. Can't say it worked for me tho. Doesn't mean it wont work for you. At least there were no side effects. That's the thing with pills. You never no if they will work.
First off the packaging is terrible, I don't know what they were thinking. the product seems to work but wouldn't buy it because package is to hard to get into.
From a family allergy sufferer who tried this:\"I know some people believe homeopathic remedies are just placebos, but whether that's true or not, I think I got good results from this.\"I do like the unique and intuitive packaging. The only thing I don't like is the stevia sweetening, but that's a minor complaint and just a personal preference.\"So five stars from me because I think it works. And that may be why it works for me.\"
I suffer from occasional allergies and always need to resort to Benadryl or something similar to knock it out of me. I'm not sure if this is meant to be a maintenance type drug (where you take it regularly during allergy season even when there are no symptoms). I took it for a few days when allergies hit me, following the recommended dosage and adding extra for night time relief when it didn't seem to be helping. To be honest I waited for relief to come and it didn't, even after adding extra dosage. No relief from the sneezing or itchy, water works. I would love to find a natural fix to my allergies. Unfortunately this wasn't the one. 2 stars just for being a natural product.
These homeopathic allergy tablets do exactly what they claim to do.  They relieve watery eyes, sneezing, runny nose, and in my case - mild wheezing caused by allergies.I've been carrying them with me in my purse at all times.  There's lots of pollen in the air from the trees around my house, and when I walk my dog I have some allergy symptoms.  All I've had to do is dissolve one tablet under my tongue and the symptoms either decrease or go away.The tablets are slow to dissolve but the taste is pleasant - very mild, really almost no taste at all.The best part for me is NO SIDE EFFECTS.  These tablets are completely safe.  I can be sensitive to medicines.  Most OTC drugstore allergy remedies make me sleepy or cranky.  These are a great alternative.The box has a very cool looking design.  You have to slide the outer box cover up and slide the inner box down to get to the tablets.  It's clever packaging, but when the box is full it can be a little tricky to get the tablets out.  However, the results are worth the extra effort.
Do you wake up in the morning with watery eyes and post nasal drip? That was me -- especially in the spring, and especially this spring, as I've been moving boxes and sorting lots of paper. I tried these melt-on-your-tongue homeopathic pills with no great hopes, but geez -- am I a convert! The cool dispenser pack's instructions say you can take these up to 4 times each day, and I typically do. No side effects, no real taste, no interaction with food or drugs, no dry mouth -- nothing but relief.UPDATE BELOW:I'd give these a five-star rating but for a few ordering problems: Shared my second order with a friend, then tried to place another quick turnaround Prime order the same day, but Amazon was out of stock, and shipping costs made ordering from the other source cost prohibitive. Now that they're back in stock on Amazon, they're a full six dol-lrs more than they are at other online outlets.Amazon, please reprice accordingly!!!Update -- Amazon is restocking these at the right price, so I'm bumping my 4 star rating to 5 star -- thanks for listening!
I tried this product for post-nasal drip.There seemed to be some improvement, but not enough to do away with the condition, or have any great impact.  Maybe my problem is not allergies... but the post nasal drip has gone on for some time, so it does not seem to be related to a cold.  When I checked with the doctor, she didn't want to bother with allergy testing, so I can't say for sure if my condition was a good match for the Homostasis Allergy Relief or not.One thing that did confuse me is that I thought homeopathic products had some warnings...like not to use them and any thing with mint in it, and no alcohol, etc. etc.  (I had the impression that some products negated the effeciveness of remedies.  If this is the case, my daily glass of wine could have blocked success.)If other substances impact the effectiveness, I think there should be mention of this on the box.
I have year round allergies, indoor and outdoor.  I have no idea what causes them but the sneezing and itching are very real.  Fortunately most days they are not severe enough to require medication as I don't like to take meds on a regular basis.  However when the symptoms are particularly severe, I will pop a Claritin which takes care of them.  I decided to try this homeopathic remedy in the hopes it would help with the severe symptoms, to reduce the frequency with which I need to take Claritin.  I have now tried two doses and have felt relief in the sense that I've been able to forget about the allergies and get on with the day's work.  Is it a placebo affect or real relief?  Who cares?  As long as I am not itching and sneezing, it doesn't matter to me whether its because of a placebo effect or not.  Bottom line, I didn't need to take a medication and I'm not suffering either.I also like the packaging on this product.  It allows me to carry it with me in my purse without worrying that I will lose pills.
For those looking for a natural alternative to over the counter allergy medicine, or just need to try something different than their current allergy medicine, this product may be for you.For me, Homeostasis Labs' Allergy Relief seems just as effective as the major allergy products on the market. It is completely homeopathic, consisting of all natural ingredients derived from plants and nature:* Allium cepa* Causticum* Euphrasia officinalis* Natrum muriaticum* WyethiaThese ingredients each are believed to have some antihistamine properties. The inactive ingredients are lactose, magnesium sterate, and stevia leaf extract.Some people shy away from medicinal plants and herbs.  Ironically, much of what we buy from pharmaceutical companies are derived from, or synthesized versions of, plant and natural substances. My opinion is if I can take something that is potentially less harmful to me (assuming plant products are less harmful than synthesized medicines) and it costs a bit less than other products AND most of all, its effective - well that's a pretty good product!The package consists of 50 tablets.  They are advertised as chewable, but are small enough to be swallowed if you find you don't like the taste.  They taste bland and chalky, about what you'd expect a pill to taste like when chewed.The manufacturer lists the product as being for adults and children at least 8 years old.  The package says it can be taken every four hours in doses of one tablet.I have used product several times, in the morning when awaking to sneezing and/or itchy eyes, runny nose, etc.  I noticed the relief in about the same time as using Claritin, which is within 45 minutes or so.  When I forego the allergy medicine, the symptoms persist.  I am yet to use this product more than twice in a day.  I would classify the allergies I am treating as light to moderate.This is not some miracle drug.  It does not completely erase all allergy symptoms.  My experience has been that it has lessened my symptoms just as much as Claritin.  On a light allergy day, this product did give me just about complete relief, much more so than taking nothing at all.My lone knock on the product is the package.  It is a cardboard box inside a cardboard sleeve.  You push the box partially out of the sleeve, exposing a hole from which you dump out a tablet.  It works, but its not a great design, particularly if you crush or damage any of the package.  A bottle or other packaging might work better.I think this is a very good product and will try it again.
I like the fact that \"Allergy Relief\" is a homeopathic medicine that can be taken along with an individual's regular medications. My husband has severe allergies and asthma; we are always hoping for a miracle and thought this might be it. In reality, he saw very little improvement.  On the other hand, my allergies are less severe, and I did find that the homeopathic medicine helped me, but I had to take my regular allergy medicine, too.  I think that whether or not this product helps depends on the severity of the problem.  It would certainly be worth a try as we are all unique individuals.
Wow, what a poor product THIS is!  I was suffering some mid-December allergy symptoms, with repeated sneezing, runny nose, and watery eyes, so decided to take a chance on this \"homeopathic\" product.So, reading the instructions, I am told to \"Chew one tablet thoroughly, allowing it to dissolve in the mouth, then swallow.\"  Huh?  Aren't these three different things?So I opened the package.  That took some time.  The box has the typical flaps at the bottom but the upper right corner is open, with a box within the box stating \"Push down to open.\"  I did so, and it slid out but still needed to be opened due to more flaps.  Upon doing this, these tablets fell all over the floor.  They're not even in a bottle or blister pack, just loose in the box within the box!  What the...?!OK, so I take one.  I chew it, I let the bits dissolve, then swallow (my own saliva, I guess, since it's already been chewed and dissolved).  Now awaiting relief.....still waiting.....still waiting.....About 90 minutes later, with ZERO relief in sight, I take a second tablet, although the directions say to take \"every four hours as needed.\"  Well, I needed.  Still waiting for relief.....still waiting.....still waiting.....Approximately 25 sneezes and 25 Kleenex later, and another 90 minutes later, with symptoms getting worse instead of better, I took a Claritin.  Thirty minutes after that I finally started getting some relief, and you can bet I don't think it was this joke product that did the trick.My wife's family of rednecks has a saying:  \"That stuff was made to sell,\" meaning that's all it's good for because it looks good but doesn't work.  Yep, it was made to sell, but don't YOU get suckered in.
I have been an allergy sufferer for many decades and while I have learned to accept this lifetime annoyance, I am still open to different remedies that could lessen the effects. This is what convinced me to try Homeostasis Labs allergy relief. I had never used this product and it seemed like a safer alternative to the usual over the counter allergy medicines I have been using over the years, such as Benedryl, Zyrtec, and Claritin.Homeostasis Labs manufacturers this product using all- natural ingredients and the manufacturer claims this medicine is good for relief of hay fever and various upper respiratory allergies. Not only is the product all- natural, Homeostasis stretches its commitment to the organic/green cause by making the product as environmentally- friendly as possible. Even the package is produced using wind- generated energy in a carbon- neutral environment, making for a one- hundred percent natural means to obtain the allergy relief you need.The green aspects of this product are nice, but what matters most is the actual relief provided by the medicine. And from my experience, this product is acceptable for some uses, but not for others. After taking one of these tablets, I do feel a difference in my eyes and throat and my coughing seems to lessen. However, my sneezing continues and my nose is still a little stuffed up. Other over the counter allergy medicines, while not natural, perform slightly better.Ok, so Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief medicine isn't perfect, but does it have other positive qualities? Well, one positive is the lack of side effects. It doesn't cause drowsiness and this fact makes it ideal for taking during the day, at school or work. Allergy sufferers often have to be careful when they treat their symptoms during the day because medicines can leave you feeling sluggish. This isn't the case with Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief. It gives you some of the relief you need without any side effects at all.Allergies are a great annoyance, but there are some decent medicines that provide at least some relief from the coughing, sneezing, itching, and hacking. Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief does provide relief and while it may not be as good as some of the unnatural over- the- counter medications, it provides enough relief and has enough other positive qualities to make it worthy of a recommendation.
I have not used homeopathic products until recently, but decided to give these a try. I had some mild, mostly annoying, allergy symptoms such as itchy, watery eyes and a runny nose.When I take a Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief tablet, I find that I do not reach for the tissues for about five hours. (The package says they may be taken as often as once every four hours.)I would recommend trying these for mild allergy symptoms. I have not had severe symptoms in some time, so I have not put the product to the test in that way. However, I have been very happy with the results I have gotten. I also like the fact that these tablets do not have the side effects, such as drowsiness, that may be experienced with other antihistamines.Are they real medicine? Is it only a placebo effect? Who cares--my nose isn't running!
I don't know what in this is supposed to help my allergies but it didn't do a thing for me. Oh! Now I get it! They are supposed to help my ALLERGIES! Not help protect me FROM my allergies! So that's why I got worse when I used these! Just kidding. I have tried some of the other Homeostasis Labs products that have helped. The Homeostasis Labs Sleep Relief and the Homeostasis Labs Stress Relief have both worked rather well for me. Since I have had problems with allergies most of my life I wanted to give these a try. But unlike the other Homeostasis Labs products that I've used, these didn't do a thing for me. Maybe I would have had more luck if my allergies were just a mild problem. So if you have a really bad allergy problem I wouldn't recommend trying these. On the other hand if you have just a mild problem with them and only need occasional relief maybe these will help. But for me I'm going back to my Benadryl.
For a four star review you won't find this overly enthusiastic.  I have had allergies and hay fever since I was a kid, but I use no regular prescriptions and over the years my reactions have gotten better.  I thought I'd try something for allergy season that was a bit more palatable to the body.  Well there was a nasty cold going around this summer and I caught it, so I gave this a try.  I use Nyquel for colds most times and this was no exception, but I used this during the day.  It didn't do a bad job, I could tell it was working, but I still needed cough drops, and still had to use the stronger stuff at night.I did find this cheap, easy to take, and it didn't bother my stomach or overly dehydrate me like some over the counter stuff does with a more heavily chemical base.  It didn't make me sleepy like the other stuff during the day, and I can agree with the no side effects claim.  I'd say this is decent for controlling mild allergies, but if yours are more extreme or you work outside near a source of mold or pollen, I'd suggest look for stronger stuff.
I will be the first to say that me and allergies are not the best of friends. I was actually prescribed Allegra D, but my insurance didn't cover enough of it for me to buy it, which now it's behind the counter, so when I saw this in my Vine Box I had to try it.Pros:* The fact that it has to dissolve does seem to make it work faster.* It's natural so there is no drowsy affect to it at all* I haven't had that auto-immune affect that I tend to get with Benadryl (the medicine has not lost its effectiveness from me taking it over and over, for some reason if I take Benadryl for too long it doesn't work as well)Cons:* You have to chew one tablet thoroughly, allowing it to dissolve in the mouth* You have to take every 4 hours as neededOverall:This is a good product, but due to the cons it received 4 stars instead of 5. I also must make this clear it is strictly for allergies, so don't expect more from it than that. I had a scratchy throat due to allergies worked fine to relieve it and my normal allergy symptoms. Plus it works, that in its self is enough for me.
While I've tried homeopathic remedies in the past, I've generally been disappointed.  This prodict is the exception.  This is a terrible allergy time for me, and I am still taking a combination of sudafed and chlor-trimeton, but this product has enhanced the effectiveness of what I am taking and has allowed me to reduce the frequency from 3 times per day to 2 times per day.  I've also noticed that my symptoms are less severe as a whole.  It could be the Placebo Effect, but the change is significant.
I've tried this product off an on for a few months. Every time I use it, I suffer from insomnia. To fully review the product, I was willing to sacrifice 2 nights sleep in a row to make sure it wasn't a \"normal\" every now and again insomnia I have. Both nights I could not fall asleep. I have had some very minor relief from allergies. I feel good that it is an all natural product, but it simply does not give me enough relief from allergies. Because every product is different for everyone, I would recommend this to try.
As a chronic allergy suffer, I have used almost every over the counter product out there and several prescription allergy remedies. I've gotten to be a pretty good judge of what works or not and why. I used the Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief for two days the past week, following the directions and being careful not to swallow the tablets, chewing them first - one every four hours.The Good - the tablets stopped the itching and watering eyes without question. They worked better than my allergy eyedrops. They also helped with the runny nose and itchy nose symptoms. Not as well as the prescription medications of course, but for an hour or so I did have noticable relief.The Bad - the tablets left a funky aftertaste when chewed, sort of like one of those artificial sweeteners. There was no real effect on the congestion or sinus headache.So if you have just straight allergies with no congestion or pain, these little chewables will get you through the day.
My husband has pretty bed hay fever and took this but couldn't tell a difference.  No side effects but it didn't work.
Spring has sprung, and with all the pollen in the air, I've been sneezing and coughing a lot from a severe tickle in my throat.  I've been taking these homeopathic pills now for about 3 days, along with my regular allergy meds (and shots).  Unfortunately, I haven't noticed a difference beyond what little the meds and shots seem to do.Also, the instructions on the box say to chew each tablet.  While they're not awful medicine tasting, they're no box of Tic Tacs either.I wouldn't recommend them.
My decision to try this product is due to an allergy I have to pet dander and dust.  With 4 dogs and 2 cats in my household, there's no real way to avoid it. I also live in the farm belt in a windy area so dust can never be completely avoided.  My usual symptom is stuffy or blocked nasal passages.  I've used Flonase spray with marginal effects, products like Zyrtec and Claritin, work well initially then the effectiveness drops off, Benadryl works fairly well but makes me sleepy.After using Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief for a few days I can report the following.  On completely blocked nasal passages, 90 minutes after consuming a single tablet I was able to breathe through my nose, not like an allergy-free day, but there was some improvement.  Upon waking in the mornings to a nearly stuffed nose, there was some improvement after taking the tablet.  Taking the allergy tablet every four hours has kept my nasal passages from becoming completely blocked but at the same time has never fully opened them.  For me, it doesn't work quite as well as Benedryl, but I've not noticed any side effects such as drowsiness or excessive drying.Other comments about the product:Directions say to chew the tablet then swallow.  I was surprised to find that the taste was not at all unpleasant.The box/dispensor has an unusual design.  It was not clear how to open it and after several attempts I ended up tearing the end open to get to the product before discovering the correct way to do it.  I'll know better the next time.This is a product that needs to be taken every 4 hours.  That's probably alright for some who have an occasional bout with allergies but for someone fighting a constant allergy it is inconvenient.  I'd much prefer 12- or 24-hour formulas.Homeostasis Labs seems not only dedicated to natural medicine but are environmentally concious as well.  Even the box is made using windpower; most likely wind generated electrical power.In conclusion, the Homeostasis Labs allergy relief tablet does work better than nothing but perhaps not as well as other over-the-counter and prescription drugs.  It really comes down to your choice between using drugs or a natural product.  Not everything works for everybody, that's why there are so many choices on the market.  Since it did have a positive effect for me, I plan to continue using it.
This is interesting: the first box I received from the Amazon Vine program was completely empty! That's right, there were no tablets inside the little box even though it appeared to have been sealed at factory. I requested another box so I could test its effectiveness. Unfortunately, even though I'm a believer in homeopathic medicine, I have found this to be ineffective for my mild seasonal allergy symptoms. There have been no side effects, but I'm disappointed it didn't relieve my running nose and itching eyes.
I suffer from \"seasonal\" allergies for the most part of the year, every season of the year. This homeopathic product, which can be taken once every 4 hours, is actually effective when my symptoms are mild. It works surprisingly quickly, too. But when my symptoms are severe, it does not appear to be effective, so I end up taking Claritin like usual.One thing I really don't like is the packaging. The tablets are stored in a thin tube built into one side of the box, and you open from the bottom, so it's very easy to drop all the tablets by accident. Very annoying.
Hard to tell if this actually helps much, but it does seem to.  It doesn't make you drowsy like every other allergy medicine out there and I did feel better after taking it.  It's a nice product.  It couldn't hurt.
I have always been troubled with allergies at various times of the year and have used many over-the-counter remedies. I thought I had nothing to lose in trying Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief product.  To my surprise it really did help me with my allergy symptoms !!  I don't know if this was a fluke, or actually did the job, but it did work for me.  The product comes to you in a sealed paper box holding 50 tablet doses, and is said to be 100 % natural \"safe, with no side effects.\"  It took a little time to actually open the package, as it is sealed, and the inner sleeve holding the product is made to slide down. (A little confusing for me, at first.\"  It's a product worth trying. I will be happy if it continues to provide me with allergy relief !!
First of all, I've got some pretty bad allergies, so maybe my allergies are just stronger than this product.  But in the end, I'm not finding it helping me out much.  *Maybe* a little bit, but I'd think to chalk it up just as much to the placebo effect than the actual pill.The best I can say about the pill is that it is not disgusting to take, which was a concern once I realized you had to chew the pill instead of just swallowing it.But a lot of others are showing that it works, so take this as a, \"this isn't for everyone\" type of review as I don't feel comfortable recommending that everybody stay away from this.
I have to take Flonase every day just so I won't feel like I have a perpetual 24/7-365 cold going on. I don't want to take Flonase, I don't like the idea of taking a Big Pharma drug daily for, basically, ever. So I thought I'd give this a try, really hoping it would work out. Firstly, the product packaging is very poorly done. Just loose pills rattling around in a box with this strange way of accessing them---a small hole at the bottom that comes out when you slide the cover of the box---is as inconvenient as can be. That didn't impress me, but I wanted to give it a try anyway and see. Well, it just does not work. They want you to take one every four hours as needed, but when you have chronic allergies, a constant runny nose and sneezing for years and years and years, well, I'd have to buy a million of these pills and take them every four hours forever. Maybe if I had acute allergies that only bothered me on rare occasions, it might be practical, but what I have is chronic, and it just did not work at all for me. I had to go back to the Flonase for some relief. I found this product to be a waste of time and money, but maybe if my allergies weren't chronic, it would have worked better?
First, let me say that I work in an atmosphere surrounded by allergens -- massive plant life, dusty old buildings, mold, etc. To make matters worse, I am doing public speaking while enduring the symptoms that result from this exposure. When I need allergy relief, I need something efficient and ultra-fast.Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief might be  fine for use when I am at home. However, it is absolutely not the \"sure thing\" as other drugs sold over the counter. Therefore, this product is not for me, and I don't believe that I consider it worth purchasing since the effectiveness is inefficient.
This product did nothing for me. Complete rubbish! I'll stick with name brands I trust!
I really enjoyed finding an all natural product to help control my allergies. Taking a walk, cutting the grass and other outdoor activities is usually a problem. After cutting the grass the other day, I had my usual stuffiness and watery eyes. I decided to try it out. It must have been less than half an hour after chewing one and I could feel the relief. Sure beats using one of the chemical mixes you find in the drugstore. Glad I found it and am recommending it to friends that have allergy problems as well.
I am a sensitive man living in one of the worst places for allergies - humid and blooming Mississippi. Therefore the chance to try out an allergy medicine was welcome. The fact that it was all natural and non-drowsy was important to me. I have been inundated with an allergy and sinus problem, sparked by Ragweed, Nettle and Chenopods. The incidence over the last few days has been high and I have taken the medicine all three days and have noticed an effectiveness in terms of limiting and dealing with the severest symptoms. It might be somewhat premature to make too many claims for this product, but most people will only care to know if it is effective and I think I can safely say that it is!
I have tried this for a week now replacing generic Claritin for my sinus allergies, and I have noticed no improvement.  Actually, I have gotten worse, likely due to having stopped Claritin.  So much for homeopathic.  Homeopathetic is more like it.
I hesitate to write this review, because a few people are apparently benefitting from the placebo affect of these sugar pills. I really can't stand the idea that a company is making money selling people a sugar pill, however. I think people should be aware of what this product is.Notice that you can't find any information on how much of each ingredient is in these? There's a reason for that; the idea of homeopathy is that ingredients that have one effect in significant doses will do the opposite in incredibly small doses. How small? In a typical homeopathic \"remedy\" the ingredients are diluted so much that there is, statistically, NONE of it left. That's right. I said NONE. Not a single molecule, in most cases. The claim by homeopaths is that the water has some sort of \"memory\" of the substance that was once diluted with it. If you think I'm joking, look it up. I know it sounds so ludicrous it's unbelievable, but that's homeopathy.And this isn't about Western Medicine versus alternative medicine. Not even practitioners of alternative medicine believe in homeopathy! The following is a quote from the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine:\"Homeopathy is a controversial area of CAM [Complementary and Alternative Medicine] because a number of its key concepts are not consistent with established laws of science (particularly chemistry and physics). Critics think it is implausible that a remedy containing a miniscule amount of an active ingredient (sometimes not a single molecule of the original compound) can have any biological effect--beneficial or otherwise. For these reasons, critics argue that continuing the scientific study of homeopathy is not worthwhile. Others point to observational and anecdotal evidence that homeopathy does work and argue that it should not be rejected just because science has not been able to explain it.\"I'm sorry to ruin the placebo affect for people who read this review, but I feel that people should know that this company is selling nothing more than a sugar pill.
I looked it up and homeostasis refers to the body's ability to physiologically regulate its inner environment to ensure its stability in response to fluctuations in the outside environment and the weather. Decided to give these a try as spring fever is plaguing me. The low tech box is very green but it took me a minute or two to figure it out and I still end up spilling them half the time.  They are very benign but I haven't really experienced an end to any of my symptoms. I really hate to take drugs but I am off to an allergist to find out what exactly sets me off!  Maybe they will work better for someone with very mild discomfort.
We have been using this product a lot over the summer.  Heavy rains in our local area have created a moist environment, increasing mold spores and other beasties.My wife started taking these pills to try to combat increased drainage, and she says that they cleared up her drainage faster than Benadryl did. After using it once or twice she was peeved that she didn't have any in her purse when she started having symptoms a few days later.  This item will be a staple in our household.Overall we are very pleased with it, although as with all things like this, individual results may vary.  Maybe it is placebo effect, but does it really matter?  Relief is relief, after all.
They do work and would probably be alright for someone with more mild allergies, but are not nearly strong enough for me.I get more relief from taking stinging nettle when my allergies are at their worst.
My allergies are pretty bad. I am mildly allergic to every animal I have, but medications help with any reaction ( I love my pets )  The last year my post nasal drip is out of control. I have to use a nasal pot twice a day, and that has made a big difference. Since I starting taking these my post nasal drip is pretty much gone, only comes back a couple times a week ( and usually related to my environment as not vacuuming or changing my sheets that my cat laid on )I take two tablets in the AM and PM- I am super impressed! I still need my eye drops, and my Advair inhaler and Nasonex nasal spray, but will continue to take these and nothing is worse as my annoying cough due to PND! :)
I've suffered from terrible allergies my whole life, but I try not to take antihistamines or decongestants unless I'm pretty miserable since I worry about rebound headaches and side effects (like the drowsiness that some antihistamines include).  I've tried two other products from Homeostatis Labs before (the Sleep Aid and Headache Relief tablets), and have been pleased with the results, so I decided to give these a try.  They work really well!  Each time I've taken them, they cleared up my runny nose and watery eyes, and -- best of all! -- there are no noticeable side effects.  I really like this, and will definitely be re-purchasing them.
I decided to try these Homeopathic allergy relief pills because I have been having bad allergies and tried everything else.I also am tired of all the allegy medications I am putting in my body. They are a chewable tablet, which is something I really do not care for. I dont like the chalky taste, but they are small and once they dissolve, it's not too bad. AS for how well they work?They do suggest taking one every four hours. I thought that might be a bit much, but seeing from the fact that they only slightly cleared my nasal stuffiness and I am still sneezing and have a runny nose, I can see why. I think these would be best suited for a person with mild allergies and someone who takes other medications on a regular basis to avoid contraindications.Overall, a slightly effective product for basic allergy symptoms. Just don't expect the same thing as taking a presciption or otc allergy med.
I do believe in Homeopathic medicines though the use of a multi-remedy such as this one is still a bit new to me. I know that there can be a bit of hit or miss when it comes to these remedies because the problem you wish to treat isn't always the problem that needs to be treated. Consider a tension headache - relieving the tension would work to relieve the headache rather than trying to just treat the headache. I'm unsure if the idea of a multi-remedy is looking to cover more bases so it works for a few different underlying causes, but I know that there are different things that can trigger allergies - not just environmental ones. I have used this upon occasion and it has worked, though since quitting smoking I don't have nearly the allergy problems and have not had as much necessity to take them.
I've used homeopathic remedies in the past and have generally been pleased with them.I ran out and have been using Benedryl however these do make one drowsy.  So I ordered this product.I was doing some heavy cleaning today and I'm very allergic to dust (not to mention about 100 other things), so I popped one of these pills.Like most other homeopathic remedies, you are required to let them melt under your tongue..I generally chew them.  Very little taste and maybe a little like powdered sugar.Anyway, it worked quickly and luckily I didn't need to take another.Highly recommended!Thank you.MEF
From the wide-ranging opinions here, one might wonder whether this homeopathic therapy for allergies will work.  I'm not sure you can know in advance, especially if you're not in touch with someone who knows quite a bit about homeopathy (and even then, homeopathy is a pretty controversial field).I suppose someone who tries this product either believes in the theories behind homeopathy, or has tried other allergy remedies with little or no effect (or knows someone who has recommended it).  So, rather than add to the evaluative mix here(ranging from 'they work really well' to 'they're nothing but a sugar pill placebo'), I'll try to help by just reporting the ingredients (followed by their purported \"purpose\" in parentheses, something I don't see listed here), and the manufacturer's contact information.From the label:Allium cepa 30C (relieves runny nose),Causticum 30C(relieves itchy nose), Euphrasia officinalis 30C(relieves watery eyes), Natrum muriaticum, 30C (relieves sneezing), Wyethia, 30C (relieves scratchy throat), and yes, HPUS \"indicates that the ingredient is officially included in the Homeopathic Pharmacopeia of the United States and has followed all guidelines set forth.\"THe product claims that it is antihistaminic (it acts against histamines, the agent often involved in producing allergy symptoms).I like the company's disclosure of the Inactive Ingredients (those that have no therapeutic effect): Lactose, magnesium, stearate (vegetable source), and stevia leaf extract.Were I lactose intolerant, I might want to know how much is in each dose. That's not on the label, but you can call Homeostatis Labs toll free at 1-888-602-9355 (that's \"1-888-60-B-WELL,\" those clever people!) or email the company at info@homeostasislabs.com.Be well, indeed, and I hope this works for you!Natrum muriaticum, 30C
Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to make a difference with a stuffy nose.  Others apparently are getting some relief using this product; placebo?  Maybe, but if it works for them, great!  I just didn't see improvement.
This is my second natural / homeopathic product that I have tried and reviewed from the same company. So far I've been pleased with their products working on mild symptoms only (other product was their headache relief)My allergies are minor and normally don't take anything for them. If they act up I do take a zyrtec. Like many of you I have indoor and outdoor allergies... but again mild. Zyrtec can lead to some side affects; whereas with these I found I had no side affects. They seemed to start working about 45m after chewing. I do like all natural products and they are safe to take with other medications (but you should always double check as well!)They are easy to take, just 1 every 4 hours and you chew them. There packages are intersting, very portable and open easily- but could be too easily as well and at times I am afraid they may come out of the box in my bag though this has never happened. Like another reviewer, I too saw the carton stated it was made with wind power which is just an interesting fact to point out.This company makes many different homeopathic products for both adults and children. Pending what your looking for it might be worth a try! I'm convinced they do work with mild symptoms so far.
On a few really bad days, this didn't cut it, but on average moderate hay fever days, it does indeed keep the shnoz open, just use without sticking your mug in mold, grass or pollen. Not that it didn't work, but not as fast and strong as a last-ditch over-the-counter allergy tab.I watch my blood pressure and absolutely don't like taking ANYthing that diet, cleandliness and good sense can't do better. ALLERGY RELIEF is natural and chewable, so a big, big plus: It travels really well. I've been using it before cutting grass (but still shower down afterwards) and have had very light days on it (sort of sniffles but not big problems) and will continue to use it that way.My oldest daughter has to be careful that something doesn't mess up her voice, so a homeopathic is good; this works for me, not her.
I live in Oklahoma...a hub for allergy issues because of our consistent change of weather.  I type something everyday for relief.  I ordered this because I would love to take something that may not leave much residue.  Unfortunately, this product wasn't it as it didn't work as well I wanted it to.  I need something that can give me relief throughout the day.  With this product I needed to take it every 4 hours and with teaching on a college campus, 2 elementary age kids, and volunteering in the community that was too demanding.  This may work for someone with more time and less allergy issues but it wasn't for me.
I am not a fan of regular pharmaceuticals and drugs in general, and have the benefit of being healthy and not needing much in the way of pills. My girlfriend is not as fortunate and suffers from allergies. She has tried many drugs, Claritin and Benadryl are two of the most common ones. Neither really works for her. She has settled for Zyrtec which I must say, works wonders for her.Of the over the counter drugs, Zyrtec has been the only one that works effectively, but not only is it a very potent drug with side effects, but it's also quite expensive.Symptoms include: sneezes/itchy eyes/runny noseShe tried this the other day and is quite happy with it. It works much better for her than either Claritin and Benadryl, and the cost is fairly economical compared to the others - plus as a homeopathic medicine the chances of side effects are almost non-existent. The flavor however, is like chalk with sugar, so this is getting 5 stars despite of that.When she has a very strong allergic reaction she still heads for the Zyrtec, but for milder symptoms 1 pill of Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief is typically enough.Note: I am not a blind fan of homeopathy, and also tried Homeostasis Labs Cold and Flu medicine and that did not seem to do anything, so I can't recommend that one. This one on the other hand seems to do the trick.
I did not have to resort to my usual hay fever drug, until the end of May.  This product kept my hay fever in check,  and I am very happy with the results.  Highly recommend this product.  (only had to take my drugs &#60; a week.  Using it right now... @ the tail end of my grass allergy season.
I suffer from seasonal allergies and compared to other medications I have taken I would put these in the middle as to strength and effectiveness.The best aspect of these Homeostasis pills is that they can be taken with other medications. Every now and then we will have a day of Extreme level allergens, and if you have already taken you OTC allergy medicine, you can still take one of these to give you a little boost.I also have to say I especially love the box they come in. I get so tired of those little foil packs and the safety lids on most bottles. Not everyone has kids to keep medicine from.
While I've always believed in and used homeopathic remidies, I an sorry to have to say that this one does not work. At least not for my wife, wy daughter or myself. Instructions were followed to a \"T\" but there was no relief whatsoever.
I always try to use natural, and homeopathic products when I can, due to being very drug sensitive.I have both indoor, as well as outdoor allergies.  I've taken both prescription meds,as well as non-prescription meds, for allergies, which either didn't work that well, or I didn't like the side effects that they had, which mainly was drowsiness.Sadly, I don't have an allergy season like alot of people, so I need to take both sinus and allergy medicine on a daily basis.In the past, I have tried homeopathic allergy medicine, but that was many years ago.  At that time it worked ok, but not great.So, I was hoping that maybe homeopathic allergy medicines had improved, so I was interested in trying this product.I like that this product says it's 100% natural, with no side effects, so that you can take it with other medications, if need be, it says on the package.  The inactive ingredients are lactose, magnesium sterate, and stevia leaf extract.I actually took 2 tablets the first time I took it. The directions say to take one tablet every 4 hours, to chew it thoroughly, allow it to dissolve in your mouth, then swallow.  It seems to be doing a good job. No sneezing, itchy eyes, and runny nose.The packaging is kind of cute, portable, but the opening of the package, if it breaks off Iam afraid you might lose some of the tablets.  It says on the package that the carton is made with wind power.  Interesting!  This product is made in the U.S.A., in Greenwich,CT.I also ordered this same product type, for headache relief. They do seem to make quite a few varieties, including for children.For someone like me, who needs to take allergy meds on a daily basis, it would be nice to have something larger than 50 tablets, but this size is nice if you never have taken homeopathic meds before, and are curious to see if they would work for you, or for travel.
I have used the Stress Relief and Sleep Better products from Homeostasis Labs and was exited to try this Allergy Formula. This year has been a particularly strong year for my allergies. I usually go thru about 3 weeks of allergies each year in the spring and in 2011 it was over 5 weeks! I started using this about 4 weeks into allergy season and was already taking claritin everyday. The more you use claritin the less it works. So I try to limit my claritin use to days that I really need it. I was happy to try a homepathic product to reduce my dependency on claritin. It really works for me. It is not as strong as claritin but it almost works just as well. I will be using this on less severe days and only take a stronger product when this is not enough. That did happen a few times this year, 
I have extreme allergies, and go through far too many over-the-counter allergy medicines, which I worry about causing other health issues. I have tried other homeopathic allergy remedies, and none of them seemed to work that well. This product however, stops my allergies in their tracks. I was totally amazed by how well they work, and I do not have to worry that they might cause other major medical problems by taking them! I did not like the box they came in however- I opened it incorrectly and as a result have them spilling out. I suppose this is a trade off though since it is better for the environment than disposing of plastic containers.
I have occasional, fairly mild allergies and Homeostasis Labs' Allergy Relief relieved my symptoms. Best of all, it is natural with no side effects. Recommend
To test this product out I stopped taking Claritin for one week and took these instead.Simple dosage instructions, chew up one tablet every four hours.  That means 3-4 tablets a day, and that's the main reason why I switched back to Claritin, which I only have to take once a day.Amazingly this product does seem to work though.  Within ten minutes of taking one I would feel better, but it didn't quite last the full four hours so I was always ready to take another one.
While my experience with the weight loss product from this company was non-responsive I have to say I felt relief of my allergies within 30 minutes of taking this product.  I have allergies year round when anything comes into bloom my eyes and nose flare up.  I live on Clairton and while I appreciate the performance I would prefer not to have the side effects and drugs in my system all the time.  I am making this change to this new product.I am still not happy with the packaging. The lid does not slide on an off easily and the flap you pull open to dispense the tablets does not work.  I hope they rework the box.
Is it really working? Or is it a placebo effect? I don't know. I chewed the pill, swallowed, and my allergy symptoms did seem to lessen a bit. I can't say whether or not this product really did the trick, or whether I just wanted it to do the trick so much that my brain willed my symptoms down to manageable levels.And now, I don't have need to try another pill. No allergies at the moment.The box is nice. The way it dispenses is kind of different, but interesting. The quantity (50 count) is nice for the price, assuming they work like I think they work. They seem to be what they claim to be, but then, I'm not in a lab. I can't really provide a rock-solid testing environment.Placebo or medicine? I don't know, but I guess as long as I feel better, it doesn't matter. Maybe ultimately, it's a little of both. Either way, I'll try them again when I feel bad again, and we'll see if this was worth my effort. I suspect it is.
Some homeopathic remedies are not very specific and use a \"shotgun\" approach to treating symptoms. Some allergy formulas focus on mitigating the allergic response to pollens, mold spores, dust and animal dander ... others add agents directed at treating nasal congestion and other possible symptoms associated with allergic response...fatigue,\"immune system imbalance\" as sometimes referred to, etc. I did find a little relief from nasal congestion at first...but little relief from other symptoms like itchy eyes. An hour later my nose was even more congested than it had been. This is often referred to as \"rebound congestion\".When I do have significant congestion I would rather deal with it using simple saline irrigation with a squeeze bottle or neti pot. I suppose if you keep popping the pills over and over...you may think they are better than I have found them to be.
I am a chronic allergy sufferer and have used traditional allergy meds my whole life and I still suffer.  Benadryl seems most effective but can't take it during the day because it makes me too tired. Daily Claritin helps but is not completely effective and frankly I worry about taking it every day for the rest of my life. So, I was very open to this natural alternative but actually assumed it would not work or that I would be allergic to the product itself (as I am with some other natural alternatives). Surprisingly, I gave this a try during an itchy throat episode when I didn't feel like being knocked out by a Benadryl and it stopped the itching almost immediately! Also, it really seems to open up my sinuses like a sudafed, although having a decongestant effect is not listed on the box. The box says it relieves runny nose and scratchy throat and my husband tried it and says it does relieve both those issues for him. Neither of us have felt any negative side effect. This may not help every person with every symptom, but my husband and I both feel it has given us positive relief and we agree will keep using it. It is really worth a try, although it appears individual results vary.
During allergy season I am basically a walking zombie walking around in a haze.  And when I take some over-the-counter allergy medicine I am basically upgraded to a functioning zombie. These pills had very little effect on me during the thick of allergy season to the point I thought they may just be a placebo.  When I tried them off-season when symptoms are more manageable and I do not want t take one of my more expensive allergy medication, these did give some short relief.  But I really cannot recommend for anyone that has serious allergy symptoms for extended periods of time.
I suffer from seasonal allergies and somedays are worse than others. I wanted to try these to see if I could get relief but after trying them for about 2 days (1 every 4 hrs) I can only say that maybe I felt 15% better. So i'm not sure if these work well enough.
I was disappointed in this product. Not only did I find it ineffective for allergies, the packaging and instructions were cheesy and poorly done. I pressed for a while on the point where I was told to 'press' and the box never opened. I ended up ripping it to get the box open, only to discover the box was mostly packaging with a small compartment of pills inside.The pills did nothing for my allergies, and I feel swindled by another natural remedy which just didn't work or was simply not strong enough to do anything for my condition. If I take 1 antihistamine it works. If I take 1 of these, nada.
VINE REVIEWI've been using these allergy tablets for about 10 days now.  They do alleviate some of my allergy symptoms and they do not make me drowsy at all.  However, I was hoping for some more relief, which is why I give the product only 3 stars (maybe 3.5 if it were an option).  My son also took these, and they helped him \"a little bit\" (in his own words).In summary, I think these are worth a try, but perhaps don't get your hopes up for complete relief.
I was very suprised that this Homeopathic product really works!.  I have tried different homeopathic and herbal allergy remedies in the past and none were as good as chemical drugs such as zyrtex or claritin.  This remedy by Homeostasis Labs really works.  I chew the pill and after a bout 20 minutes my sinuses are clear.  There is no dried up, 'sahara in my head' sensation I get with an over the counter drug either.  I just head on about my day with no more stuffed up feeling.The only drawback is that you have to take a pill every 4 to 5 hours.  So if you don't mind that the effect doesn't last 12-24 hours this is the right allergy remedy for you.  I'll gladly trade the convenience of 12 hour relief to get that dried up feeling taken away.
I took these for my seasonal hay fever - I can't really tell if they worked. My eyes became less itchy but I still sneezed a lot and my throat was scratchy. I took the recommended dosage of 1 tablet every 4 hours for two days.After two days, I didn't have these pills with me (forgot them @ home while on a business trip.) So, I took Zyrtec, and all my symptoms were relieved with it.If my symptoms return and they're not severe, I'd try this again, but only because I like to limit my usage of traditional over the counter or prescription medicines. If symptoms are severe, stronger drugs work better for me; for milder symptoms, I'm happy with these tablets.
My daughter has terrible allergy problems which can trigger her asthma.  She feels that constant use of strong prescription and over the counter products may be bad for her health and she also develops a tolerance for them that leaves them less effective.  Some have side effects also such as causing sleepiness, jitters, or hyperactivity.  This homeopathic product doesn't have any of those undesirable side effects when she used it and was very effective in treating her allergy symptoms.  She felt like it is safe to take long term and really liked it.
I've got to tell ya, I was skeptical. I didn't think that a homeopathic allergy product would do anything, but I was willing to give it a shot. The instructions say to take as needed every 4 hours. Last night, I woke up in the middle of the night with a runny nose that wouldn't stop or let me breathe. I used the Neti Pot (rinsed my nose out) and took a pill AND MY NOSE CLEARED UP almost immediately! I was able to sleep through the night! I generally don't take anything for allergies except maybe 2-3 times during the season when my allergies are at their worst. I just don't like taking drugs unless I am dying. I am incredibly glad to know that there is a natural alternative that actually provides relief. (I didn't give it 5 stars because my allergy symptoms aren't totally gone.) I would definitely use this again and recommend it to others.
I'm always willing to try new products, so when presented with an opportunity to try these Allergy Relief pills that have no side effects (because they are natural) and can be taken in conjunction with other medicine (again, because they are natural), I decided to give it a go.  I have bad allergies, especially around August/September so this was a perfect time to try it.  After having gone through the entire box of 50, I'm left in a quandry of how to actually review this product.  Did it work?  Well...I'd say you could flip a coin and that'd be your determing factor.  Sometimes, it felt like my allergy symptoms were lessened.  Sometimes I'd go back and pop another pill in hopes it'd offer some help before deciding to go to my more trusty Zyrtec.  I can't give you more of though than that; is it a mental thing?  Would a placebo give you the same feelings?  I couldn't say.  But it wasn't reliable for me.The box comes with 50 pills in an attractive box.  It has an interesting way of opening that's pretty clever, but unfortunately what can end up happening is that the little flap gets stuck (as it did with mine), resulting in having to almost destroy the box to get to the pills.  Also, the pills are only good for 4 hours at a time (if that).  So, to get 24 hours of coverage, you should take the pill 6 times a day.  That means that a box of 50 pills will give you only 8 days of relief, before you have to purchase more.  At $10 for a box, you're looking at bying approximately 3-4 boxes a month, which equates to around $35 a month, on average.  So, you're not really saving any money if you're thinking this is a good substitute for over-the-counter allergy meds like Zyrtec/Claritin.  Unless you're someone who is paranoid about taking medicine, I don't know that I could recommend something that only works a part of the time.
So I live in the South where pine, cedar, grasses of all kinds, and general dust abound, and therefore, allergies are always a problem in my house.I tried this product and found that is works well. The tablets are small, chewable, and have a pleasant taste. You can take one every four hours as needed, and it does not interact or interfere with anything else that I am taking. I have had no bad reactions such as sleeplessness or agitation/nervousness, or anything else. The sneezing and itchy eyes just stopped.So this appears to be a great product with little to no adverse reactions unlike other products on the market.
I suffer from allergies daily and I was excited to try a new kind of allergy relief but unfortunately these didn't do a thing for me.  When my allergies attack I sneeze every few seconds and my nose drips like crazy until my Benadryl kicks in.  I'm miserable for a good half hour or so.  I'm not sure what causes this in me.  Maybe pet hair and dust.  Anyway, I've tried these many times now and they've never worked.  I've gave them hours to kick in and they don't.  The taste isn't bad.  They kind of remind me of candy cigarettes from when I was a kid.  They dissolve in your mouth and then you swallow.  I wish they had worked but unfortunately I'll be sticking to my Benadryl.
I've suffered from allergies my whole life. I've tried most medications on the market and usually use Claritin when my allergies flare up. What I dont like about Claritin is it takes about 2-3 hours to \"kick in\" before I feel any relief.Homeostatis Allergy relief can be taken with any medication so I take it with a Claritin and it seems to provide moderate relief before the Claritin kicks in.I have not been able to use it successfully on it's own. Everyone's symptoms are different. I have no doubt that some people with mild to moderate allergies would be OK using this type alone. Unfortunately my allergies are too severe.  But it does help tremendously while I'm waiting for my Claritin to kick in.
I wouldn't say I have severe allergies, but I will say that they're bad enough that I always keep a pack of benadryl or zyrtec with me at all times.  Lately I've been using the homeostasis tablets instead whenever I feel my nose get twitchy or runny.  And you know what?  I haven't had any major allergy problems!  It's only been about a month now since I started using these, and it's certainly possible I've just been lucky and not had problems in that time.  Or it could be that the active ingredients in my other medication is still in my body and has prevented me from getting sick.  I still think there would have to be Something about this product for me to remain allergy free for an entire month without taking my regular medication.Overall, I guess only time will tell if I ever have to go back to my old stuff for allergies.  If these guys continue to work, though, I think I'll become a happy regular customer. It would be nice to solve the issue naturally and for an affordable price.  I am highly skeptical of the whole \"homeostasis\" idea though.  Especially the ones labeled as weight loss pills and some of the other more fantastic miracle labels.  But maybe there is something to the allergy kind, because as far as I can tell, they are working for me.
This summer, any time I worked in the yard, I had allergy symptoms for two or three days afterwards. Until now, the only allergy meds that would work for me would either make me feel doped up or wired.I tried these, and noticed my symptoms disappear within the hour, but I have yet to test them directly after mowing the lawn.I didn't notice any side effects.
I tried Homeopathic Labs Allergy Relief because the first active ingredient listed under \"Drug Facts\" on the package is for the purpose of relieving a runny nose, a condition that bothers me whenever I'm outside in cold weather.  I've taken the tablets before going out as well as after being out, but have experienced no relief that I can attribute to them.  My three-star rating is to accord this product the benefit of the doubt, as I'm not certain that my symptoms are a reaction to an allergy.  Unlike the appraisal of another review of the product, I consider its packaging quite effective: a box of convenient size with clearly labeled ingredients listed opposite their purposes and designed for easy dispensing.  Directions for use and storage couldn't be more straightforward.  If this relieved my symptoms, I would continue using it.
I take this medication on top of my Allegra.  It gives it the extra push to make it through allergy season.
I was interested in reviewing this product because I have used homeopathic preparations before and have liked them.  In reading some other reviews of this product, I felt it would be good to give a small amount of background on homeopathic medicine in general.  Like one review had said, a homeopathic preparation does not have much, if any, of the original substance that was used in making the preparation.  Homeopathic medicines are usually made by taking some substance, often a poison from the plant world or animal world, like snake venom, and forming a kind of water tincture.  This tincture is then diluted by either a 100 to 1 or 1000 to 1 ratio.  The water used is very pure and the container is shaken to mix the vibration of the remedy with the water.  Then sometimes this dilution is done again, taking the already diluted tincture and diluting this by the same ratio as before.  If a product mentions, for instance, \"6x\", this means that the dilution process has been repeated six times.  In the original study of the preparation early homeopaths would do a \"proving\" where they would take the preparation while healthy and notice what symptoms would be appear in their bodies.  They would check things like whether they felt hotter or colder, sweat more or less, had greater or lesser photosensitivity, had certain emotional moods become stronger, etc.  Unlike conventional medicine, which is considered \"allopathic\" (aka \"against symptoms\", rather than homeopathic aka \"matching symptoms\"), homeopaths would try to match the symptoms of the proving to an illness condition symptoms.  Rather than see, for instance, a \"fever\" as a symptom of a disease, they would see it as the symptoms of the body trying to cure or process the disease.  In Aryurvedic medicine, they have a saying that \"like cures like\" that summarizes this approach.  When the dosage matches the illness condition, homeopaths sometimes find that the condition is cured and that the cure is very gentle.There are two basic kinds of homeopathy, one is for acute conditions and one is for the constitution.  Acute condition homeopathy is where remedy matches an illness condition.  Constitutional homeopathy tries to match the remedy to our constitutional type in order to boost our immune system and our ability to heal ourselves.  Most practicing homeopaths focus on finding a constitutional remedy as being the key to helping a person heal.  Since homeopathy believes in \"minimum dosage\" many of them do not believe in mixing too many remedies together and feel ideally that a person only take one remedy, see what it does, and adjust the dosage until it is fine tuned to the person.  If the results are not forthcoming, then the homeopath will inventory the persons symptoms and choose another remedy that is a better match.The generic homeopathic medicine, like the product being reviewed, is homeopathy for acute conditions.  Although I like using these kinds of remedies, there are reservations that both allopathic and homeopathic practitioners have about them.  The allopaths do not feel the homeopathy has really scientifically proven that their medicine really works and that there is some question about the mechanism it uses to heal the person.  The best theory is that there is a vibrational imprint in the water and that is stimulates us to make an effective immune response to a disease condition.  Classical homeopaths do not feel that these general homeopathic remedies are fine tuned enough, since the extensive interview process is not used to determine the remedy and because they usually will choose one remedy, rather than a mix of remedies.  The reason why a mix of remedies is used is so many types of people can get healed, that one of the remedies will match what is needed or that the remedies will synergize with each other.  But sometimes the mixture is considered to confuse the body some and make the body immune response less precise.When there is a match with a remedy, I find that homeopathy seems to help the condition immensely and gently without any unusual side effects.  It can be so gentle that a person may not notice that the presenting condition has peacefully disappeared.  I found that I can track some of these effects because of having practiced Buddhist meditation, where placing attention on the changes in the sensations going on in the body is a key factor.  I find that homeopathic medicines nearly always produce some shift in the sensations I am feeling very quickly.  One of them, for instance, would consistently produce a small relaxation of a tension on the right side of my hip and it felt like a small mood of sadness would spontaneously disappear from the eyes.  I do gather that homeopaths have a parallel way to track symptoms and body sensations in a manner similar to a meditator.I noticed, when taking the product that my breathing opened a little more and some tissues in my nasal passage seemed to relax and widen to make this happen.  A foggy feeling seemed to dissolve into a greater clarity and wakefulness.  The action felt a little stronger than some other homeopathic remedies that I had taken (which does not necessarily mean it is better, but shows that the remedy is definitely doing something).  I have had strong allergies in the past and mainly removed them through processing the underlying emotions behind them using breathwork, diet changes, vitamin C (acid buffered), and hypnotherapy.  I still have some mild symptoms appear at the peak of the grass pollen season and a few other times.  I do feel that diet and emotional processing helps reach some of the underlying causes and would recommend that a person consider that neither allopathic or homeopathic medicine may not replace this level of healing work (but can be supportive of this work).  I did feel that the homeopathic allergy medicine did address a subtle level of the allergies and was helpful.My brother also took the product.  He still has strong allergies.  The first time it caused \"an aggravation\" where it seemed to almost cause an allergic reaction.  Sometimes this happens and then a healing happens afterwards.  It is like the body is flushing something out.  The next time he took the remedy, it seemed more fine tuned and his allergies lifted completely.  He then made a minor mistake and went with \"more is better\".  He took another dose and had an aggravation again.  The second dose was unnecessary.  Homeopathic medicine does not work like allopathic medicine, and more is not better.  This is because the remedy boosts our own healing resources and it usually does not need to be boosted again until the vibrational effect fades away.  A homeopath would help a person fine tune the remedy and its dosage so that aggravations happen less often.  The next day he tried another one and had an aggravation.  He then experimented with half a pill and this seems milder and does not cause an aggravation (so far).  It seemed that the remedy worked really well the second time and this inspires him to fine tune its use.  He also feels some specific shift in body sensations shortly after taking this remedy each time he takes it.I also like the novel packaging where the box itself dispenses the dose, you push the box down and a small hole appears where the tablets come out of.  This seems easier and more convenient than other packages.  All in all, I like the product and notice that it does something good.  I give it four stars rather than five stars, because the results were mixed.  This is probably not the fault of the remedy itself, but instructions may not encompass everything that is needed for fine tuning its use.  Generic homeopathic remedies seem very safe but they do seem to have some limits.  If one has a good response to a generic homeopathic remedy, it might be useful to go the next level and try working with a homeopath to find a constitutional remedy.
I used this product, as did my family members with allergies.  I am not big into homeopathic medicine, but I do appreciate a real homeopathic remedy if it works.Put simply, this seemed to help reduce allergy onset, but did not prove remarkable in relief after allergies hit.  Once our allergies are up an going, this product seemed to do little for us in the relief department.  It helped a little, but no like typical over-the-counter products such as Benadryl.Where this product seemed most helpful for us was if we took it PRIOR to going out for activities that aggravate our allergies.  We did notice a pretty decent reduction in allergy onset when used this way.These products work differently for different people, so if you are looking for homeopathic remedy, this is worth a try.  I would recomend if more for prevention rather than treatment though, but it could work different for you.  If you are just looking for allergy relief and not overly concrned with homeopathic products, I would say stick with normal Over-the-counter brands or prescription products from your doctor.
I tested this product while working extended hours in close quarters in a place where colds tend to travel through the entire workforce. Two coworkers used this product in their effort to lessen the impact of their colds, and indicated some relief (while also saying they weren't sure if it was actual or perceived).I became cold victim number three, and started taking them myself. While I can't say for sure that these have lessened my symptoms, when it comes to fighting a cold...what can another arrow in the quiver hurt?
I have used several products from Homeostasis Labs.  I have found them to be good at doing what they are advertised to do, and if you prefer a natural medication, this is a good one.The cough and Cold product contains a 50 count of tablets which contain the following active ingredients:* Allium cepa* Arsenicum album* Ferrum phosphoricum* Lac caninum* Natrum muriaticum* Nux vomicaThese ingredients all have individual purposes ranging from relief of stuffy nose to scratchy throat.One thing you have to realize is that, unlike over-the-counter big name medications, these are natural and meant to work slowly.  An OTC product usually contains some trace amount of alcohol or other ingredients which make you drowsy and/or mask your symptoms.  A natural ingredient acts differently by attempting to use one product of nature to offset a symptom.I had a cold and took this product shortly after onset, and found that after about 4 or 5 doses (1 tablet 4 hours or so apart), my symptoms subsided.  Usually my cold lingers for about a week, but in this case it lasted only about 2-3 days. Now, if you are looking for instant relief, this is not it.  But if you are willing to take a few tablets over the course of a day or so, you may find your symptoms pass more quickly and/or are lessened.To take these you just pop a tablet in your mouth and chew it.  It tastes about as close to 'nothing' as something can.  No bitterness, no sweetness, complete blandness.My one knock on this product, as with all Homeostasis Labs products - the box!  It is the most cumbersome box ever designed to dispense a product.  It has a little hole on one side and you push down to slide out the inner sleeve to expose the hole, then you have to struggle to get a tablet out.Outside of the box, this product seems good, and it worked for me.
As the middle of winter approaches, I know it is a matter of time before I am hit with a cold or bronchitis.  As soon as a cold started, I started taking the Homeostasis Labs Cough and Cold Relief pills, and it did not have a noticeable impact--at least, I did not feel any better.  I admit that I am a bit skeptical about the effectiveness of these, so perhaps that contributes to the effectiveness (the opposite of the Placebo Effect).On the other hand--had I not taken them, perhaps I would have gotten worse?My recommendation would be that if you have had success with homeopathic treatments in the past, then give these a try and see if they work for you.  At the very least, my symptoms did not worsen.
Products like this are tough to evaluate, but my current opinion of this product, based on one very unscientific study, is that it works. Over the weekend, my girlfriend complained of a stomachache and elevated body temperature, her symptoms for a cold. I gave her one of these tablets in the evening before she retired and she said she felt better the next morning. I gave her a few more to take during the day, and she seems to be doing well.Unlike most cold tablets, you are supposed to chew these rather than swallow them. As for the packaging, it can be improved upon. Homeostasis Labs gets green points for using an all-paper box, but it loses some for making the box so bizarre. You push down from the top to slide off the cover, which exposes a little perforated hole. You punch in the hole with a pen, fingers, etc, then shake out the tablet. The hole is only a little bigger than the tablet, so it sounds like a bunch of Tic-Tacs rattling around as you try to shake one out of the box. It's not a very good design.With autumn here, I hope flu season does not follow closely behind. Until I get a cold (but hopefully not), I cannot test this product. I will continue to evaluate this product and update my review accordingly.
I was struggling with a terrible cold and cough when I got these pills in the mail.  And I have never been happier.  For the first two days that I took them, I felt a little sick in my stomach.  But other than that, this medicine has been a dream.  After a few days taking these pills I was able to resume my singing lessons again as my throat got better.  And I had more energy.  Coincidentally, I actually lost a couple of pounds too.  (It almost makes me want to just keep taking them just because!). The taste is pleasantly sweet.  And they dissolve in the mouth easily.  I took a different dosage than the recommended one just because of my schedule.  So I took three in the morning and three at night.  And I healed up well.  If I ever get sick again with a cold (which is quite likely given my past struggles with colds) I'm definitely looking up these pills the very first thing.  Also, I liked the fact that there was nothing in them I was allergic too such as wheat or natural flavors.
I'm a regular user of a homeopathic blend for colds called \"Cold Calm\" by Boiron. Boiron packages theirs in foil blister packs which give a long shelf life. I thought I was qualified to test this product since I regularly use the competitor's product.I tested Homeostasis Labs Cough and Cold relief. First I could not open the package. It is a carboard box labeled as having been made using only wind power. I wonder if they pride themselves on using all biodegradable packaging in a second effort to be 'green'. To open the package, it says to press down to access the tablets but no matter what I did I could not open it as described. (I am not a stupid person and can follow basic directions!) I had to rip it open at the sealed seams, and wrecked the package in the process (it does not re-seal in any way like a cereal box does). All the tablets are in the cardboard container (without any other kind of protection like a blister pack or inside a plastic bag, which means the tablets are exposed to air while on the store shelf and also after we take them home.All tablets lose potency over time mostly from exposure to air from what I have read about the shelf life of various medications and supplements. From what I understand the most long lasting medications and supplements are those in blister packs.On the basis of the packaging I am rating this 3 stars = It's Okay as the packaging is not good enough for a longer shelf life.I used this at the first onset of head cold symptoms with a mild sinus congestion with post nasal drip and it worked. However Boiron's Cold Calm also works so to me the two products seem equal in efficacy. Thus if given a choice between the two I will buy Boiron due to the foil blister pack packaging which gives it a longer shelf life (since I don't get sick frequently enough to go through tons of product).
I've been a fan of oscillococcinum for decades and have always found it to be very effective, so when I felt a cold coming on it was a little scary for me to try this instead of reaching for my old standby, but I gave it a try and was pleasantly surprised.  I started taking it at the first signs of a cold, just like oscillococcinum, and like oscillococcinum it seemed to undermine the cold's grip on my system.  I continued to take it for the next couple of days and though I did experienced a little bit of a cold, it was nothing like what my friends suffered.  Homeostasis Labs Cough and Cold seems to have worked very similarly to oscillococcinum.If you're new to natural remedies the thing you have to remember is that these products don't \"blast\" your system.  Over-the-counter cold meds generally mask your symptoms and artificially dry up your congestion, so your cold feels better, but you generally also feel drugged and are extremely dehydrated. OTC cold remedies are really hard on your body.  Natural remedies, on the other hand, simply give your body an assist in fighting the cold itself.  It takes a little longer to feel better, but when you do you actually do feel better, not drugged.  The cold still needs to run it's course, it just doesn't take as long and the symptoms generally aren't as severe when you take a natural remedy.  But it also doesn't take your body several days to get over the effects of a natural remedy like it does when you take a product like Tylenol Cold or Nyguil.I would definitely use this product again, my only nitpick: what's up with the packaging?  Is it some kind of nouvelle-origami?  Whatever it is designed to do, it didn't.
I had used the Homeostasis Labs Headache relief before and they worked fairly well so I decided to give this product a try with my cold. I have had a sore throat and have been very congested for the last week and a half or so. I typically have good results with Nyquil or Dayquil. I stopped using my other medications and used these for several days and didn't see any results whatsoever. It didn't help to decongest me at all nor did it give any relief for my sore throat. I think I could have got the same result by taking a tic tac. When I feel sick I want some relief and these just don't deliver results. I had even tried increasing the dosage after a couple days and still no results. I wouldn't recommend these.
The results provided by this product are so subtle that one might come to the conclusion that the pills don't do anything at all.I took this product several times during a recent cold, and always ended up reaching for another form of relief.
My son had a cold and took these. The box is a disaster and they really need to improve the design and make it easier to open and dispense. While it seemed to help his cold a little it did not provide a lot of sinus relief so this is not great but will only provide a very small amount of relief from our experiences. It says it is safe to take with other meds but if you are taking other meds and they are working I see no reason to take this? This would be good maybe if you started taking it at the very beginning of a cold, I will have to try that next time.
When you get sick with a cough and whatnot, this is a decent med to add to your arsenal to help you overcome it. But, this is not the be-all, end-all. Worth adding to your medicine cabinet though.
When I get a cold and cough, it's nice to have something to take that at least makes me feel that I am doing something helpful. Of course antibiotics do not help fight a cold virus. So any medicine is going to be just palliative.I thought these pills might be helpful. And it just so happened that I had a cough and cold recently to try them out. But they don't seem to do much, if anything. They taste reasonably well (which says a lot, compared to the cough syrup I have which gags me). And I'm quite sure they do no harm. Any improvement in symptoms, though, could not be seen.
There most certainly are a wide variety of responses of persons to these types of alternative medicine formulations. Experience has shown that, perhaps, only about 60% of those taking such meds would have effects significantly better than those applying placebos. All the same, this particular formulation is, among those of its kind, probably of the best genre. But a caveat: as before with a similar product from this provider and at the moment, I've no one cough and cold involved on whom to test its efficacy.
I took these upon getting a cold. I have to confess I did not find my cold feel any better upon taking them. They are a small pill that is easily taken but as for effect I didn't feel any. Maybe it works for some but I will stick to other methods for my cold and flu relief.
Every year at this time we go through what we have deemed, \"The Plague\" in our house.  It's ten days of feeling miserable, hacking out  lungs every night so there is no sleep, fever, lethargy, sore throat, headache and aching lungs from the coughing and the congestion.  No antibiotics, no OTC remedies - nothing seems to help.This year I had the Cough and Cold Relief and on the two nights I needed it most, I did not cough and was not kept awake all night with plague symptoms.  My husband on the other hand, didn't sleep for almost a week due to coughing severely.  I was also over the cold in just a few days, while everyone else in the house lingered for over a week with symptoms.Not that a sample set of one family make this scientifically sound, but I will use these again at the first signs of sickness, again.I'm a big fan of Homeostatsis Labs products - I have yet to be unhappy or dissatisfied.  And this product is as good as the other ones I have tried.  The stuff works for me.
I just started these a few days ago but so far I'm feeling better, my runny noise is drying up, I don'thave the headache I had days before. Other reviews seem to reflect my feelings for this product.If you have a cold give these a try, think you'll be happy.
Without doing a double blind study with a large group of test subjects, it is impossible to evaluate the efficacy of this product.  Any of the reviews you read here will be subjective at best.  Keep that in mind while reading.My wife asked why I ordered these, since I haven't been sick since last fall and it is unlikely I will get a cold in August.  Fortunately (or unfortunately...) I got a cold a few days after these arrived.  It was a good opportunity to give them a try.  These are small chewable pills with a very mild stevia flavor.  Fifty pills are included in the box, which is enough for just over 12 days of treatment.  The instructions say to take 4 pills per day.  One is instructed to chew the pill thoroughly, let it dissolve on the tongue and then swallow.I woke up with a sore throat one morning and started taking these immediately.  The sore throat only lasted a day and a half and then the other symptoms of the common cold began.  I continued to take the pills as directed.  I am on day 5 of the cold and symptoms are just now beginning to subside.  For me, this is the average duration of a cold.  I really can't say whether these helped any.  I did not notice any decrease in cough or other symptoms and the duration of the cold was average.  They are not unpleasant tasting and they do not need to be swallowed, so water is not required when taking them.  They may be worth a try if you prefer the homeopathic approach.
I am not a stranger to homeopathic medicine.  I do believe there is help is nature.  Homeostasis Labs Cough and Cold Relief did provide relief to my husband's cold.  While not as an immediate reaction as traditional drug store medicine, it seems to be a healthier approach for relieving a cold.
The directions state that you can take this along with any other medications.  So it is hard to say how much of this is the product working and how much is what your regular cold medications would do.  I took it alone at first and felt it did ease some of the throat pain, but I didn't feel it helped with the sniffles.  I think it is one of those cases where it won't hurt to take it and just might help so you really don't have much to lose in trying it.
I was driving cross country and started to feel the ache and sore throat of a cold coming on.  I didn't want to suffer that long drive with a cold so I took one of these.  My nose dried up and my throat felt better but it made me very sleepy.  I wouldn't take another because I was driving.  I've since tried it a second time and again it dried me up but again made me sleepy.  So, while the product may work, it made me very drowsy.  Depending on your job or plans for the day, can you risk being drowsy? I will only take again in the evening when I know I don't need to be alert.  Your experience may be different.
I'm a fan of homeopathic medicine and especially the cold and cough products. This particular product suggests it is safe with no side effects. It states that it relieves:runny nosestuffy nosesneezingthroat irritationloss of energysevere cough and sneezing due to throat or bronchial irritation due to the common coldNot having any of these symptoms at the moment, I'll need to get back to you on the results of taking this homeopathic medication.I found the packaging difficult to open and once open, the tubular box which holds the tablets isn't sturdy and doesn't close easily. Clearly you're meant to put the pills in another container. This is easily done, but I would prefer better packaging all around.
While I can't rave about this product it is effective in stopping a cough caused by a cold or just a sinus infection.Taste free and easy to take.  Let it melt in your mouth under your tongue.  Also for older children who hate taking medicine.I would recommend you at least try this product.Thank you.MEF
This is good at suppressing my cough, no matter the reason.  However, it doesn't work for my runny or stuffy nose or sneezing.  I will keep taking it for the cough suppression though.
So, after trying to use this on very mild cough/cold symptoms a few times, I can say that so far it hasn't helped.The symptoms persisted for a few days (just like a normal, untreated cold and then went away).So while the medicine didn't make the symptoms worse, or had any adverse side effects, I don't think it is very effective.As is, I cannot recommend this product.However, Homeostasis Labs Allergy Relief medication on the other hand, worked quite well...
It is August but unfortunately I just finished recovering from a cold. When I ordered this product the only symptom I had was a sore throat, but I knew from experience what was coming. I still have my tonsils so colds usually start in my throat. I can usually gauge the length and severity of the illness by the level of throat discomfort - a medium cold was coming. By the time the remedy arrived the sore throat was gone, but the nasal congestion had started with the cough following it. With no sore throat when I began treatment, I can't address that aspect of the remedy.I like the idea of homeopathic remedies and have had success using a brand of teas that treat various problems, so I approached this trial optimistically. The package states that the pills may be taken with all medications. I take a prescription medication for an on-going health issue and it can't be used with most cold remedies, so I am always on watch for alternatives to the usual cold medications.Opening the very attractive box proved to be challenging. It looks like the plan is to create a dispenser of some sort, but I guess the design was too clever for me. I followed the directions on the box and pressed where it said to press but no dispenser was created. After a couple of minutes I gave up and ripped the box open and poured the pills into a small zip lock bag. The pill is rather small and tastes bland but slightly sweet. One tablet needs be chewed up and allowed to dissolve in the mouth. The instructions state to take one every four hours.The first pill had little effect, but after taking a few, the cough and congestion seemed to improve. I continued taking four pills a day for four days and my cold is now gone. Since there is no cure for a cold, treating the symptoms is the only option. I feel my symptoms were lessened by the pills.This remedy isn't one that assaults the system and dries out the nasal cavities to the point where they feel filled with sand, but if eliminating all nose blowing is the goal, this product may not be the right one, just as a serious cough probably won't be helped either. But, if like me, your choices for cold treatments are limited, this remedy provides some gentle relief. I will certainly use it again while battling a cold.
This product is a great,all natural alternative to cold medications. I used this product a few weeks ago when I had a cough,sneezing and sore throat. The pills are chewable with a slightly sweet taste. These pills effectively helped my cold symptoms and within 24 hours the symptoms were completely gone! Great product!
You know, it's really hard to understand how homepathic remedies actually work, when reading about the minute doses of the remedy which are actually used in the preparation of the treatment. But I know so many people who only use homeopathic and herbal remedies for all of their families' illnesses, and they're able to treat them effectively. I do know that in many Eurpoean countries, homeopathy is recognized as medical treatments and insurance covers part of the cost of homeopathic treatments in most of these countries, just as insurance covers part of the costs of \"regular\" treatments and drug medications here in the US.I've been combining homeopathic remedies with herbal remedies in treating myself and my children for several years now. But since I've been combining them together, I couldn't specifically say which one treatment was providing the most relief. However, this time around I only used the Homeostasis Labs Cough and Cold Relief, in addition to our regular daily doses of vitamins C and D.When I first received the package I wasn't sick. However, less than a week later both my daughters and I were coming down with colds. My oldest daughter was several days into her cold, but my youngest daughter and I were just starting to have symptoms. For myself I only added the cold relief to my daily vitamin regimen. I started taking the cough and cold relief on Sunday afternoon. I did end up most of the day at work on Monday, since I just couldn't seem to shake the symptoms which put me in the bed for just about the whole day. By Tuesday I was back at work feeling considerably bettter than I did on Monday, but not completely better. Every day it was better, and by Thursday night I felt like myself, other than being a bit more tired, and the only lingering symptom was my scratchy voice.Considering that this is the only additional treatment I used, and that I've only had 1 opportunity to use it so far, and that a cold will go away on its own eventually, I do belief this rememdy helped me to get back on my feet a little bit faster. Having said that, I believe that it is best used in conjunction with other natural remedies.
My daughter is 14 years and had signs of the onset of a cold with cough. I had her take these 4 times a day for 3 days and we did not see the cold/cough slow down at all. By the 3rd day it seemed the cold was in full effect and I felt bad to keep giving her these pills because she was getting no relief from them. She was coughing all day long, had a lot of congestion and was very mucus-y. By the end of the third day I gave her Tylenol Cold to take and within 20 minutes she was feeling significantly better and the sysptoms subsided as expected. In this situation these pills did not work. I haven't had a need to try them myself, but I will once I can, just to see if they work for me. She didn't mind the taste although she didn't rave about it either. The other problem aside from the product not actually working is the stupid box. It is supposed to become some sort of dispenser when you \"press here\" but holy cow, I don't know if it was just me or what, but I could not get it to work right and had to just rip the box top open. I guess if the product itself doesn't work, the box might as well not work either??
I've read a couple of other reviews, and like another reviewer, I felt that the first tablet didn't provide for me obvious, immediate relief (my symptoms were sneezing, runny nose, stuff nose, and cough). As a result, I started taking an OCT product (antihistamin and decongestant) at the same time, which gave me faster and more obvious relief (plus predictable side effects such as drowsiness). I did continue to take the Homeostasis product for a while (sporadically - not consistently - but neither did I take the OCT drug consistently), and my cold was improved within 1-3 days, if I remember correctly. That said, I'm unable to clearly attribute any of this relief to the Homeostasis product. It's really hard to tell. Still, since these tablets are easy to chew and there's no side effect, I might use it again (probably still in conjunction with other OCT pills) when another cold comes my way.
I've used homeopathy before, and I know it works.  I was afraid, though, that this might just be another company jumping on a bandwagon and putting out a low-quality imitation.  However, it's not -- I'm very pleased with this product and will not hesitate to try their other products.  This particular remedy is meant to be taken when you've already had the misfortune of catching a cold (not for cold prevention), and you have the sniffles, sneezes, and coughs.  It really does alleviate your symptoms dramatically.  Recommended!
When my kids got colds earlier this fall. I gave them these to chew. They liked the taste. Their colds did not last long. But I am not sure whether this product actually helped or not. At least no worse.
I tried and tried with this, but it just didn't do anything for me. Sorry. I had read that with this type of \"medicine\" it works best after many uses (2 weeks or more). So after trying it for quite some time for a lingering cough from my recent cold, I finally gave up and took Mucinex. That worked nicely. This didn't.
At the onset of my cough, I'd begun with OTC medications that I could get at the supermarket pharmacy.  I've been to the doctor, and there wasn't much he could do beyond OTC cough medicine and time.I decided to tryHomeostasis Labs Cough and Cold Reliefbecause the cough lingers.  I'm over 18 years old and got the version that isn't marketed to children.  Taking the Cough and Cold Relief as instructed, I'm seeing very little difference in the cough. Its severity is the same (about a 7 on a 1-10 scale) and the frequency (quiet periods of several hours, interrupted by heavy coughing) has not diminished noticeably.I'm getting slightly better relief from the cough remedies at the supermarket, and they cost less.I'm very disappointed. Had this worked, I would have been happy to pay more for relief.
I found very little improvement with this remedy.  My cough and cold did not get worse, but what little relief I did get was not much.The pills were easy to take, I just had no relief.I like to use the homeopathic style of treatment, just maybe try again next time.
I took these for a few days during my cold,  they seemed to decrease the severity of my cold and the length.  I would try this again.
I haven't had a cold for many months, so I wasn't sure when I'd get around to reviewing this product. But it's Spring, and my sinuses are rebelling on me. This stuff clears up the congestion and takes away the sinus pressure. Combined with some Advil or Aspirin it works just like taking sinus meds, and will kick a sinus headache in the teeth. It's pretty amazing.
Homeostasis Labs Cough and Cold Relief tablets have been found to be an effective aid when one is suffering from these symptoms.  RECOMMENDED!
This seemed to help my cough some, but didn't work nearly as well as the more standard cold medicine I usually use.  In the future I will stick to the two big, fizzy tablets with the cold medicine built it.
I have always been skeptical of homeopathic remedies, herbs and things of that nature.  So, it was actually my husband's suggestion to give these a try.I do try to live a greener life.  We watch our energy consumption, try to use local produce, etc.  So, why not look to more natural, healing remedies right?I got these and were unsure how to review them..HOPING that no one would need them any time soon.  Well, wouldn't you know it..I caught..something.  Not sure what...I tried to kid myself for a few days, saying it was just allergies, but it soon became apparent to everyone around me that it was much more than that.  I feel horrible...not going to lie, and to sleep at night I have resorted to more traditional medicines, but during the day I have been following the directions for these little pills and drinking my herbal tea, and darned if I am not able to function at least somewhat coherently!  In the past I have stuck with the ';tried and true' medicine and usually spent at least a few days on the couch moaning and groaning, but I don't know it taking these is some sort of placebo effect, but I feel like I can at least get some things done during the day.And if taking a little pill (and these are chewable, with no bitter or disgusting after taste) helps me whether the storm that is the flu, you can bet I will certainly stick with them!Give it a try..it can't hurt, right?
I'm not sure if it's just the placebo effect or if these really work, but I did feel better the few times I've used them.
I'm not a practiced drinker, so almost any amount of alcohol can give me hangover.  My hangovers range from mild to can't function until I've had a nice throw up.  Homeopathic Hangover Relief worked for me to different degrees.  On my strong hangovers they offered the same relief as two aspirin and a cold glass of water.  But they worked especially well on my light hangovers, alleviating almost all symptoms including sluggishness.  You're not at 100% but you are better off than before taking one.  I also gave a sample to my husband who did comment that it stopped his head pounding quickly.  I may not use these soley for relief as in my opinion nothing beats a greasy breakfast and some advil, but I may even purchase this again.
I don't get hangovers that often anymore but being a seasoned drinker...I know what and when will give me a headache the next day.  I tried this several times, one of them for New Year's on Bourbon street drinking the cheesy hand grenade drinks.My usual routine is generally gatorade before I go to bed with 2 ibuprofen, then repeat in the morning.  I tried this twice instead, felt absolutely no change.Biology does affect people differently but I would give better than even odds, benefits are mostly psychosomatic and falls under the category of 'snake elixirs'.Best thing is to avoid the cause.  If you get bad hangovers, stick to clear or light spirits, white wine and cheap rail drinks.  Drink a glass of fluid in between drinks and/or learn to stop drinking and enjoy the buzz way before you get plastered because the drinks that put you over the top, you're too drunk to even notice so actually you are still processing alcohol when you wake up.
I think everyone hangs over a bit differently so based on my own use, no this did not help. But in fairness, I was really hungover. I don't drink to the point of drunkness often but these did not stop the headache, vomiting, or burning. Than again, I might not have had them in my stomach long enough to work as I threw up ten minutes after consuming them.
I'll preface by saying that I may not be the best subject to test this product. I'm not much of a drinker, and if I have that third cocktail, the next morning I feel off my mark.That's why I got this product; to see if it would get rid of that slightly off-the-beam feeling the next day.I have to say that I tried it last night into this morning, per the instructions, and I don't feel as if there's any difference from the times I haven't used anything at all.If it doesn't have any effect under these conditions, I have a hard time imagining that it would be very effective against an actual \"hangover\", if by that we mean a condition in which you have a raging headache and an unquenchable thirstiness.As far as I can tell, this is nothing more than a placebo.
I don't get many hangovers, but recently had quite a bad one and I was surprised that these tabs seem to help. They took about a half hour to kick in but worked as well as painkillers and are all natural.These are really worth a try, they helped me but though they do not really cure the hangover, they  help and that makes it worthwhile.
There are as many hangover cures as there are ways to get hungover. Most cures seem a mix of fiction and improvisation. I've tried a few, but usually fall back to water and ibuprofen. Homeostatis Labs Hang Over Relief provide some relief, but it's hard to say after a few uses if it is any better or worse than drinking plenty of water and taking ibuprofen or your favorite variant.It might also be useful to know that as an attempt to avoid plastic bill bottles, Homeostatis Labs packages seem based on candy boxes, so I would either not buy these if I had children or hide them well. At any rate I would buy one box of these because they may or may not work for you.
It's hard to say if these really work or if its just the power of suggestion making me think that they work. That and I'm not the heavy drinker that I used to be in my younger days when I knew everything, was bullet proof, and knew that I was going to live for ever. But for that morning after a night of a little more than moderate drinking and shooting pool they seemed to help with that lethargic swollen head feeling. There wasn't any profound help or the magic \"hangover begone\" cure that we all hope for, for the morning after. But it is better than nothing or just a plain aspirin. If you get a chance at trying them out for nothing, go for it. But for fourteen dollars and change for a a box of them I don't really think that they are worth it. So why did I give them 3 stars instead of only one or two? I'm giving them the benefit of doubt since I cant say that they didn't work at all.
Since I tend to be sensitive to alcohol, I was unsure if this product would be a help for me or not.  I have to say I am pleasantly surprised that it actually does help take the edge off of what is described as hangover symptoms.I am well familiar with homeopathic medicine and know that not everything works equally for everyone, but for me, this hang over relief works well IF taken before bed, and then the following day every two hours as needed.I have used this on several occasions an found that it greatly reduced nausea, headache, aches associated with alcohol consumption, especially if combined with drinking lots of water.  When normally just drinking the water without the tablets, symptoms would not be relieved, when combined with the tablets, they are greatly relieved usually by the end of the day, depending on how severe they are to begin with.I am glad to have these tablets handy in our medicine cabinet!  It is one of the few things I have tried over the years that truly does relieve the symptoms associated with over-consumption of alcohol.  In my case, being very sensitive to alcohol, it takes much less for me to have such symptoms, but I still got relief from these tablets.
I think this product has a small impact, maybe it's truly just the placebo effect, but I have used it twice now, and both times seem to have felt better than I would have expected.  It is hardly a hangover eleminator.On one occassion I drank wine, more than a bit of it, took the pills as instructed and the next morning I would say, I flet much better than I expected.  I thought I was onto something great.However, another night, I drank beer, followed the same process and really felt little, if any, difference.Perhaps it works better in dealing with the mess made by some types of alcohol than others?  I'm not sure, but it's a relatively inexpensive way to at lest reduce the potential hangover pain.  I'll keep experimenting.  In the name of science and Amazon Vine, I will drink more!
Well, I rarely drink.  It can be years between times I drink something alcoholic.  So why did I get this?  Well, I wound up with a choice of Homeostasis products to choose from, and it seemed this one would get used first.By me?  Goodness, no.  But my sister is quite fond of drinking until she passes out.  So I sent this to her.\"Why the heck did you send me this crap?!\" she shouted at me on the phone.\"Because I thought you could use it.  You're not really fun to talk to the morning after.\" I said.\"Well, I don't need it!  I've stopped drinking!\"\"Don't worry,\" I said.  \"I have faith in you.\"\"What do you mean by that?\" She sounded puzzled.\"That things will happen exactly the same the last 30 times you quit drinking.  You just need to keep it nearby in case you need it, then tell me how it works.\"\"I'll keep it, but I won't need it.  You'll see!\" she vowed to me.About a month later, I called my sister, but one of my nephews answered.\"Can I speak to my sister?\" I asked.\"No, she's asleep,\" he said.But since her kids delight in waking her up unless she is drunk, I asked; \"Is she asleep, or passed out drunk?\"\"Drunk,\" he said.\"OK. Find Homeostasis Labs Hang Over Relief.  Your mom said it would be in the same cupboard where she keeps the spices.  And set it on the counter near the kitchen sink.\"The next day I called my sister.  \"So, how did it work?\" I greeted her.\"What do you mean?\" she asked.\"The Hangover remedy.  How did it work?\"\"Do you have cameras here?  How do you know my business?\"\"I'm psychic,\" I said.  \"So tell me how it works.\"\"Actually, it works almost perfectly.  I took one when I woke up, and one a few hours later, and it got rid of all my symptoms.  The Headache, the dizziness, the nausea & the shakes.  Everything but the fever.\"\"Hangovers cause fever?\" I asked.\"Yes\"\"Learn something new,\" I said.  \"Did you take an aspirin?\"\"Tylenol.  The fever is gone now too.  It's actually far better than any other remedy I tried.  Fast too.  Thanks.\"\"Thanks for reviewing the product,\" I said.  Then we started chatting about sci-fi stuff.So there you have it.  It works fast, and cures all hangover symptoms except fever.  It's almost perfect.
Homeostasis Labs Hang Over Relief pills are the most difficult product I've tried to review.  The small, chewable tabs are meant to be taken after a night of drinking and before going to sleep.  The pills don't have much of a taste, good or bad, and you won't notice either way with a glass of water to wash it down.As far as the effectiveness goes, I'm not sure.  I tried to do a little experiment.  I was at a wedding recently and passed out the tablets to some willing test subjects.  They were all drunk and they all popped a tablet before bed as instructed.  The next morning I took a very unscientific survey from them:3 out of 7 said they felt no different compared to what they anticipated they'd feel like in the morning2 out of 7 said they felt better than they expected1 out of 7 said they felt horrible, but they were so drunk it's possible no tablet could have saved them1 out of 7 said they have no idea if they feel better or worse.As for myself that night, I anticipated being in pretty bad shape the following morning, but after the tab I felt decent.  I expected to have a pounding headache after drinking multiple open bar cheap vodkas, but I only had a subtle dull throb behind my eyeball.  I wasn't nauseated.  Namely, I just felt slow for the day.  Like all medications, if this does have some true benefit, it unfortunately is probably going to have some person to person specific levels of effectiveness.  If I had a poll of 30 people I'd be more confident in my opinion.So, in conclusion, I have a tough time giving this thing 5 stars or 1 star.  Personally, I thought I felt slight improvement.  From the people I polled, a couple of them thought they felt improvement, while a couple of them thought these pills did absolutely nothing.  If I attend another heavy drinking party soon I'll pass out these tabs and take another poll and update this review.  It doesn't seem like they make it worse for you, though.  If you often find yourself being a weekend warrior out at the bars, for a relatively cheap price, it might be worth it to you to give these hang over tabs a shot.  They may indeed work well for you. However, if you very rarely drink/get drunk, I would simply recommend taking some over-the-counter NSAIDs you already have in your medicine cabinet before you goto bed instead.
Measuring how much I'm hungover doesn't seem to be something I'm able to do with much success so I'm at a loss as to whether or not these really work.  I took the recommended dosages while drinking and then again the next morning and I believe it made me feel a little bit better.  I wasn't ready to go out and run a marathon but I also wasn't wrapped around the toilet praying for death, and I did have quite a bit to drink.  Was this from the tablets I had taken or just a trick of my mind convincing me I felt better for taking them?  I'll never know, but regardless I'll probably continue to experiment with these pills for hungover days to come.  They don't have an unpleasant taste and they seem to get rid of some of the worst symptoms I feel when hungover but I still didn't feel fantastic or altered all that drastically.  I'm pretty sure you can get the same results as these tablets by drinking a lot of water and sleeping it off.
I hate to file another wishy-washy review of this product, but I seem to be in the same camp as a lot of Amazon reviewers regarding Homeopathic Labs' Hangover Relief Tablets.  Namely, this purported hangover remedy seem to work a little, though I can't totally be sure.  After a few uses, I'm sort of believing that they turn a potentially heavy hangover (lots of drinking the night before) into just a light hangover.  Likewise, they also seem to turn an expected light hangover (only a few drinks the night before) into a virtually free-and-clear morning experience.But maybe it's all psychological.  After all, when one takes a remedy, one expects a result.  So perhaps I am imagining the benefits.  I will say this: the tablets certainly don't make me feel any worse.  Oh, I guess you should know that the tablets are small, pleasant tasting (sort of sweet), and easy to chew and swallow.  At least that's something concrete I can tell you.I'm sorry if this isn't the most helpful review in the world, but I honestly don't have strong feelings about this product one way or the other.  Once I run out of the 50-tablet package that Amazon sent to me for review, it'll be interesting to see if I feel moved to order another supply at my own expense.
This homeopathic product offers 50 small chew-then-dissolve pills, and recommends taking one (if certain conditions prevail, such as you are more than due for a hangover the following morning) before bed, then another every two hours you are awake again, and voila, your well-deserved punishment will be postponed, perhaps for good.  This reviewer does enjoy the occasional life-giving restorative cocktail with a healthy meal, but admits to not having had occasion to have had enough to employ this product as yet.  However, it would seem that if one takes a pill every few hours, then after four pills or so the day is done, and your hangover would likely be a thing of the past whether you took the pills or not, right?  Perhaps better to irrigate the body with copious amounts of water instead, or maybe even take it a bit easier with the drinks, than to rely on a cure for a hangover in a pill, a cure which has eluded man since man firet figured out what all those grape vines were good for.
I don't drink too much that often, but sometimes I like more then a couple glasses of wine at night. The first time I tried this I didn't think it worked that well.  I started taking two right before bed, instead of one and letting the tablets melt under my tongue I wake up feeling great! I also drink lots of water before bed, but the last three times I have taken right before bed I felt a big difference! I wake up feeling no effects that I usually could have.I am sold on these, for the price I will continue to buy as needed as its worth it. If you don't think one works, try two before bed and see how that works! Hopefully you will have the same effects as I do ! :)
Update:  I tried this with a friend the other day after we had more than usual to drink.  I have to say that it DID seem to help us this time.  Both of us had been drinking beer (something I don't usually drink) and had been eating high fat and junk food (again, not something I normally do).  We took one when the partying was over and again in the morning.  Within an hour, both of us felt MUCH better.  After one more dose 2 hours later, we were symptom-free.  So, again, it might depend on what you're drinking and eating, how much sleep you get, etc...but it can't hurt :)  It did seem to help us.Another update:  After a trip to Vegas, I shared this product with many people and in the morning, everyone tried it--and EVERYONE felt better.  So, I am now a believer in this product.I'm a personal trainer and very \"into\" homeopathy and herbal supplementation.  The ingredients in these might help a person avoid a hangover, but frankly, I think it's intake of water that averts the dehydration that is the primary cause of a hangover.  (That plus you \"expect\" to feel better, so you think you do...)Basically, when you fill your body full of poison(s) (alcohol), and those poisons dehydrate you, the only thing you can do is rehydrate and try to eat so your blood sugar doesn't spike and crash...I didn't find that it helped me at all, but I'm not a big drinker and really have only had a few real hangovers in my lifetime, so maybe I didn't drink enough to really enjoy the benefits.  But really, if you look around the 'net and YouTube, you'll see that everyone has their own \"best\" hangover remedy...which leads me to believe that different people find relief in different ways.It's not expensive, and certainly won't hurt you, so give it a shot, after your shots haha.
Effective all natural hang over relief. One tablet is chewed every two hours until relief is obtained. I used these for a migraine instead of a hangover because the symptoms (headache, nausea, fatigue) are similar. It worked to stop my migraine pain from becoming worse. I also tried these for a mild hangover and only needed one dose. These tablets do not interact with any other medicines you might be taking. I recommend these for anyone who experiences migraines, tension headaches, or hangovers.
I now have about five or six different types of products from Homeostasis Labs, and some of them are hit and miss, while others work really well. I picked this one up for my husband so he could use them after his guys' nights out, and he says that they work well.  They've helped him overcome that next-day nausea, and have relieved his headaches.
I am very skeptical of homeopathic medicines, having tried many with failure.  I followed the instructions carefully after intentionally drinking more wine with dinner than normal.  One pill at bedtime and then repeated every two hours after waking.  It didn't do a darn thing for my mild hangover.Ingredients:Arsenic album - used primarily for digestive disorders.Ipecacuanha - used for nausea and an expectorant.Nux vomica - primarily for irritability.Veratrum album:  used for inflammation; decreases activity of the heart and arteries.My fool-proof remedy for a hangover is ibuprofen or aspirin and as much Gatorade as you can drink for at least 12 hours.I found this footnote under Nux Vomica (Wikipedia) that speaks volumes for all homeopathic remedies.\"Please remember though, this homeopathy material medical is provided for information only, with no guarantee of accuracy; it is not intended as a substitute for medical advice, nor as a claim for the effectiveness of Nux Vomica in treating any of the symptoms below. If symptoms persist, seek professional medical advice - minor symptoms can often be a sign of a more serious underlying condition. Homeopathic remedies are very dilute, and while the homeopathic remedy may be beneficial, the raw product may be harmful.\"If this medicine works for you - go for it.  I would never discourage anyone from something that works.  Everyone is different.  However, if you read the reviews here at Amazon, you'll find most people did not care for this product.
I'll say this: taking one of these right before passing out with some water, then another every few hours after waking up, certainly didn't make me feel any worse. But it's hard to say if I really felt any better. It's hard to judge, though, really. I always try to keep myself hydrated before falling asleep on drunk nights, to mitigate said effects. I was still mildly nauseated and head-achy; for some strange reason, being hung-over always leaves me inexplicably hungry and horny, despite feeling lously. This was still the case. But again, I at least felt no worse than usual, and perhaps it did mitigate the negative effects in a way that's hard to guage. Perhaps I'll ammend this if I get to try it next time I really go overboard and it snaps me right out of the haze.
Since the dawn of time -- or at least since man invented the alcoholic beverage, six thousand years ago -- he has also been looking for a cure for the dreaded hangover. Like \"plague\", this simple word covers a multitude of miseries: indeed, anyone who has ever suffered through a really bad hangover has to become slightly philosophical, and reason that that every pleasure comes with its price in pain.I have very mixed feelings about homeopathic remedies. On the one hand, I do take various herbs, oils and so forth whose efficacy I would more or less swear by in the health-producing, sickness-fighting department. On the other hand, I know for a fact that for every vitamin, herb, oil, powder, or pill out there that works, there are five or ten or a dozen that are just so much $h*t in a capsule. When I saw the opportunity to obain these pills through Amazon Vine I was pleased, because it provided me an opportunity to test the product without getting whacked in the wallet.The Homeostasis Labs Hangover Relief claims it is \"for the all-natural relief of hang over symptoms caused by the over-consumption of alcoholic beverages, such as headache, nausea, drowsiness with no side effects.\" Pretty straightforward stuff. Well, as I enjoy the occasional beer...or two, or ten...not to mention the occasional glass or five of absinthe, I was curious to see if I could find something to take the edge of the next day's troubles. The few store-bought products I'd tried didn't work; they seemed mainly aimed at settling the stomach, and as I don't get full-blown hangovers I had no real need for a stomach-calmative. What I was mainly interested in was something to decrease the foggy-headed, thirsty, cottonmouthed, vaguely headachy feeling one gets after slugging down a slew o' brews while watching a UFC fight or a football game.I don't know if there is a word between preliminary and final vis-a-vis a report on a product; but my \"middle report\" on this would be three stars. I have used this quite often, but have not emptied the pack yet, and I can say it is definitely not snake oil, and there is little doubt in my mind that it has ingredients that can partially alleviate the symptoms of overimbibing. Furthermore it has no side-effects at all, just as it claims. But the operative words in this description are \"can\" and \"partially\"; you'll notice I didn't say \"will\" or \"completely.\" This is a weapon against hangovers, but it is a small-caliber weapon and by no means a cure. On its own, it can do little to help you if you spent your evening sucking down mixed drinks without eating well beforehand, hydrating along the way, and hydrating again before bed. Furthermore, it doesn't always work even when your consumption is moderate. So I would have to say it is something meant to be used IN TANDEM with whatever hangover-avoiding rituals you employ now, and not as a substitute for them.Final word? I got this for free, but I would pay for another packet when this one is empty, provided the price was modest. Nothing is going to supplant eating the right foods and replenishing fluids as you guzzle as a hangover fighter, and the best cure for a truly hideous hangover remains the hair of the mutt that bit ya (just one hair, mind you), but in the battle against feeling like a bucket of #%@%!, every weapon is a good one.
I'm going to let the facts speak for themselves. First up, measurements in homeopathy. Homeopathy believes in diluting chemicals to ridiculous levels, believing although any given dose will be unlikely to contain a single molecule of the original substance, the resulting items retains the \"memory\" of the substance. The lowest dilution at which a single dose is likely to have a single molecule of the original would be listed as 12C. All the ingredients in this remedy are at 30C- which is more diluted. You're lucky if this whole box contains a single atom of any of the four substances listed. And what's listed?Arsenicum album. Made from arsenic (that's rat poison to you and me). Kills you just like arsenic. Luckily, read that bit about there being only 30C of this chemical involved.Ipecacuanha. Ever heard of \"syrup of ipecac\"? Again, in high enough doses, poisonous. Your body immediately throws up this compound. It's listed as relieving vomiting, although his chemical is literally used to enduce vomiting.Nux vomica. Let me spell that out for you on words you'll understand: strychnine. Since when does strychnine cure nausea and headache? I thought it was a poison.Veratrum album. Listed as relieving nausea and cold sweats. In fact, fatally poisonous. Paralyzes the nervous system.So do you feel comfortable ingesting pills made (sort of) from arsenic and strychnine, just to cure your already alcohol-poisoned body? If that really sounds like a good idea to you, then you probably stopped reading this review at the first sign of negativity anyway. For the rest of us, wow. This is a very dangerous take on the placebo effect, and frankly I'm not ingesting a single pill after reading the label.
Well here is a product that offers you a chance to get over those hangovers with a pill. Now you can drink to your hearts content. Well, not really. The question is - does it work? Well, I think for the most part it worked. I dont get bad hangovers to begin with, so when I took it, it seemed to alleviate some of the symptoms. But I still felt tired, but it seemed to help de-stress and clear my head some more than anything else.I have tried homeopathic medicines in the past and Bach remedies seem to have the most potency. I dont think they should be seen as a cure but preventative measures. But this product is looking to cure the hangover effect, which does a mild job at best. It is not very expensive to consider it and you get 50 pills to give it a try if you are someone who uses homeopathy, or has an difficulty with some of the stronger on the over-the-counter medicines that are on the market now.
I am typically not a big believer in homeopathic medicines/treatments/remedies; but I am a big believer in drinking tasty cocktails.  And occasionally i do over imbibe and wake up the next day with that \"Not so fresh\" feeling.  So I figured why not give these little tablets a try, it would of course mean I would have to really drink to really test these babies out.  That sounds like my kind of experiment.But first some info, the box claims the product is \"100% natural, safe, with no side effects\".Active ingredients are listed as:Arsenicum album 30C, to relieve upset stomachIpecacuanha 30C, to relieve vomitingNux vomica 30C, to relieve nausea and headacheVeratrum album 30C, to relieve nausea and cold sweatsSo an interesting ingredient list to say the least, but from what I understand that is the way homeopathic medicine works.Direction are: \"At bedtime chew one tablet thoroughly, allowing it to dissolve in the mouth, then swallow.  Repeat every 2 hours after waking as needed.\"Now in the few times I have used the product I actually have not taken the tablets as night, as I was not experiencing any hangover systems.  In fact I was probably feeling quite good at the time.The next mornings however are a different story.  After waking up feeling \"Less then my best: and fighting my urge to bow before the porcelain throne.  I usually took a tablet followed by dragging myself to work, and taking another tablet there.I did not have high hopes for the product but it did actually help.  I felt like it did kind of calm down the body and sooth the stomach.  It didn't really do anything for my headaches, I still needed ibuprofen or aspirin to help there.  But in terms of nausea and upset stomach I did get some relief.So I would not consider this in anyway a hangover cure it did sooth me out the next morning, so it may be worth it to consider adding it to your arsenal of hangover remedies.  Any questions, feel free to leave a comment.
I've been using this product for a while now, and I do think that it has some effect on that hung over feeling you get the day after you've had a bit too much to drink!  I haven't remembered to take it before going to bed, but if I take it a couple times the next day, I start to feel a lot better.
While I am not a hardcore drinker I do have a drink once in a blue moon. I got these as away to recover quicker from any of my social drinking. As I age I have noticed the longer and longer my recover takes from even the smallest drinking. So while I am not hung over I would like to have a refreshing 100% morning. After using them on several occasions I quickly discovered that they didn't work for me. I noticed no increased and immediate impact on my vigor. While it is know that various homeopathic formulations work differently on various people, this combo definitely did not help me.
I don't have a frequent need for \"hangover relief\" but thought I would give these a try anyway.  After a night of imbibing (fuzzy head, dry mouth, etc) I tried these and was not terribly impressed.  I couldn't really tell if they made a difference or not as the length of my \"hangover\" seemed the same as if I hadn't taken this product.  If it had a beneficial effect, it was so slight that I wouldn't spend money on this product in the future.  Maybe they work better for some than others.
This review is from: Homeostasis Labs Hang Over Relief, 50-Count (Health and Beauty)After my latest hangover, I gave this a shot. Hangover headaches are absolutely the worst to get rid of. Took one tablet and chewed as directed. Didn't really taste like anything. Can't really say it helped any either. Maybe I should have taken two tablets?  Did I allow it to dissolve long enough in my mouth?I will update this review after my next party. I will take two tabs and let them dissolve completely.That said, I was looking for a miracle cure, and sadly, this is not it.Will report back.===========Okay, I gave this another whirl.  Chewed two tablets and let dissolve a longer time in my mouth.  Did relieve some of the discomfort.  What I would recommend is that people take this along with ibuprofen or acetaminophen because this is safe to mix with other drugs.
Homeopathic medicine huh? I've always been skeptical of such things, and I remember how sitcoms always make fun of holistic healers and such like on Seinfeld and Friends.  But Hangover Relief?  This I had to try.  OK, I don't drink a lot.  I drink only on occasion and when I do, it generally keeps me up all night (weird I know).  But I do get that hanging feeling of a headache the next day.  I hate it, which is why I do not like to drink.Enter these pills.  Ok, so I they seemed to help a bit.  Now, I only had like 4 drinks the night before, and I did manage to get a couple of hours of sleep for once, but no headaches the next day.  I was unable to try the next week, because the box ripped, and all of the tablets went flying onto the ground.  So, I can give only one instance of the \"remedy\" working.  I might purchase it to try for myself again, but I was actually surprised it worked that once.
To be blunt, using these as directed (chewing one tab before bed, 1 every 2 hours after waking) yielded absolutely no results.  Even if I did feel even the slightest bit better from them they are an unbelievably poor substitute for equally homeopathic home remedies like water and sleep.  I'm not unfamiliar with hangovers and over the years I've developed my own ways of dealing with the symptoms.  There's no true way of getting rid of a hangover short of time, but you can certainly deal with headaches, lethargy, upset stomach, nausea...The product claims to deal with a wide variety of symptoms but I'm going to be focusing on headache, upset stomach, and drowsiness since those are the 3 offenders I would consider a part of the 'typical' hangover, let's say a 5/10 in terms of severity.  Headache?  Worthless, on even the most mild manifestation of head pain these did nothing, something a couple of tried and true Aspirin or Excedrine dependably do.  Upset stomach?  Nada.  What I generally find is that in a mild to severe hangover I get an unsettled stomach which can in some ways contribute to a sensation of nausea but these did nothing to change the feeling in my stomach.  Tums or a bit of toast to the rescue.  Drowsiness and/or general lethargy?  Again, nothing.  Naps are the clear winner here but a cup of coffee (in conjunction with the aforementioned Tums) will work in a pinch.I am completely unimpressed with the product but further than that I see little to no need for it.  The greatest \"cures\" for a hangover are all readily available in the way of food, water, and rest especially but can be paired with a bit of aspirin or tums as need dictates.  What's important to note is that there really isn't anything terribly offensive about them in a homeopathic sense.  My understanding of homeopathic medicine is that it provides a natural alternative to routine medications but a couple of aspirin here and there is the least homeopathic thing about how I already deal with a hangover and quite frankly I'm willing to let that slide to ease my misery sooner.Personally I would not recommend these pills.  Hangovers suck in basically every way they exist and stumbling over the best you can hope for \"maybe\" that these pills leave you with simply isn't worth it.  Your body will forgive you much sooner if you just cave and do this the all American way of chasing a fist full of aspirin with a lot of water, turning your brain off with Saturday morning cartoons, snacking on cold day old pizza, and easing in to a power nap.
I tried this out and it seems to have much the same effect as a B vitamin complex. Kinda seemed like a placebo, but it's too hard to tell after only trying it a few times.
I also reviewed the PMS meds from the same place and didn't like them because you have to chew them. These pills work great - it says to start taking them before you go to sleep the night you've been drinking but of course I always forget to do that, but even starting it the day of the hang over, this is still an amazing product - takes the pain and the dehydrated feeling away I wish it would get rid of the fogginess too but I guess we can't have everything.
I like to drink and over endulge more than I would like to admit.  My biggest problem is that I get horrible hangovers on a regular basis wheter I drink 6 beers or 12 I always pay a price.  So when I heard there was a Hang Over prevention tablet I thought why not give it a shot.  I was hoping for a miracle and wishing that this pill would be magic and that I had seen my last hangover.So after a night of drinking I chewed my tablet (tasted like baby asprin) and went to bed.  At about 3:00 in the morning I woke with a headache that was pretty bad.  A few hours later I woke up and felt fine.  I was hoping that I would not have any effects but the 3:00 am wake up keeps me from giving this 4 stars.  I have used it several times and feel t
I am one of those people, who can get a hangover after even just a couple of glasses of wine.  It's hardly fair, when my friends who drink far more, feel just fine the next day!!  And I'm the one suffering...If I have a few glasses of wine, then I make sure I take 2 of these before bed.  Then I take two more when I wake-up.And.... I really think they help a lot.I will buy them again!
Any purported \"hangover cure\" should always be taken with a grain of salt, as physiologically no one knows what causes hangovers in the first place.  Alcohol withdraw?  Dehydration?  Something else?  It is a mystery.But I am willing to try anything.  So I gave these \"Homeostasis Labs Hang Over Relief\" pills a try.In order to give them a really good test, I went out drinking last night, and did everything wrong.  I mixed alcohols.  I drank tequila followed by a glass of wine (a classic hangover recipe right there).  I stayed away from the water.  And as per instructions, I chewed one of these tables before stumbling off to bed to pass out.The verdict?  Well, as predicted, I had a hangover this morning.  But, it wasn't a terrible one.  It was a rather mild hangover considering the drinking I did the night before.  I have had much worse hangovers on much less.  I drank some coffee, took some aspirin, and crunched down another one of these pills.  Now I feel fine!Unfortunately, I don't know if these pills were working their magic, or if I just got off lightly from a night in the cups.  It is hard to say.  I am tempted to say they had some effect, and while they aren't a magic cure perhaps they saved me from a devastating morning.  I am not a true believer, but nor am I going to discount that these pills do seem to help.One thing though.  They suffer from an extreme over packaging.  I would say almost 50% of the box is just empty air taking up space.  Disappointing.
Due to allergies, migraines, sinus issues (no pun intended) and the occasional over-imbibing, I am a sufferer of headaches that range from an almost unnoticeable dull throb (hangover) to searing, literally blinding, seemingly unending hell (aura migraine). So it was with great interest that I decided to order these pills, seeking a non-chemical or at least somewhat natural cure to my ailments.Obviously, for the higher end of the scale, I know that nothing works better than prescription pain killers in the opiate category, something hopefully mixed with high dosages of analgesics, say a Vicodin or similar. But for the annoying morning headache that comes from being prone when my sinus cavities are clogged, I figured I'd give these a shot.Results? They do work. And they work almost immediately. But they don't work for very long and they don't entirely get rid of a headache.  They are pleasant tasting and dissolve into nothing inside your mouth immediately after chewing. While I'm not fond of the inclusion of lactase (due to intolerance) I don't find the amount to affect my system whatsoever.  The effect is pleasant and you do feel some relief which would probably help most people with a mild headache. However, the headache returns in about 30 minutes and so another dosage is required until it subsides.Of course, the headache would have probably run it's course naturally within an hour anyway, but it's nice to know that you can escape pain without aspirin or other drugs for a short time. For that, this product merits 3 stars from this reviewer and I plan on keeping them on hand for all of my more mild headaches.
This is the second product that I have tried from Homeostasis Labs. This company is on the cutting edge with their products. I occasionally have bad headaches and quit using products like Tylenol and Advil years ago. Take them for a while and your body seems to adjust to them and they don't work. I prefer using homeopathic remedies because they work with your body to heal. While other companies can offer more tablets or less, Homeostasis tablets pack more punch. Two tablets were able to ease my headache in a faster time period than a prescription I had been using! I have tried other remedies including Hylands and while they did work, I would often have to take additional tablets several hours later and the headache didn't always ease. Homeostasis Labs remedy worked quickly and kept the pain from coming back. I did not need to take additional tablets at a later time. When you are hurting, you want relief. This product works and in a safe manner and I experienced no side effects. I will definitely be turning to Homeostasis Labs for more of their products! I highly recommend the Headache Relief tablets, their formula knocks out the pain safely!
With the world becoming more polluted, people are finally catching on that chemicals aren't always the answer. Hence the big push towards healthier living through the consumption of organic food, use of green/natural cleaning products, etc. Finally, homeopathic alternatives are also popping up at the local pharmacies.Homeostasis Labs Headache Relief tablets are the more natural remedy for headaches. I'm someone who gets headaches very infrequently, but when I get them, nothing but the strongest Excedrin Excedrin Extra Strength Pain Reliever - 300 Tablets VALUE PACK works. Yet, upon one recent case of headache, I took two of the (the dose is two tablets at a time) and within about 15 minutes, my headache was gone.Several days later, I recommended these tablets to my mom who gets painful migraines and for whom three or four Excedrin Migraine,  250-Count Caplets (Pack of 2) is usually not enough. She found that four of the Homeostasis Labs Headache Relief tablets was also insufficient to ease the migraine pain.Therefore, I would conclude that whether these homeopathic tablets work against headache would depend on the severity of the headache and also its underlying cause.My other concern about these tablets is that they are not vegan. Considering the audience that will be receptive to homeopathic medicine and be willing to try these, making the tablets vegan would seem only natural. Kudos on making the carton out of recycling packaging though.
I try not to take any medications at all. The side effects often tend to be worse than the cure they promise. However, I suffer from pretty bad sinus migraines where the barometer changes swiftly. Because of this, I to have to take the occasional Tylenol Sinus Congestion & Pain Severe, Daytime Non-Drowsy, 48-Count Cool Burst Caplets (Pack of 2) to relieve the migraines. So when I had the chance to try a homeopathic remedy, I jumped at the chance. Possible migraine relief and having an all natural cure? Awesome.Now while these particular pills did indeed help with my migraines, it was only slightly compared to the Tylenol mentioned above. However those Tylenol are specifically for sinus headaches/migraines and Homeostasis Labs' product are for regular headaches. The fact there was enough relief that I could concentrate or do my job shows that these pills do work, and that's enough for me to give them a solid recommendation. If they are come out with a straight up sinus headache relief pill, I'll be switching over permanently. Until then, I personallu need something a little stronger. but these should work nicely for your regular headaches.
Not sure what to say as I found these almost completely ineffective.  The pills have a weird taste and didn't ease the pain of a recent mild headache by any degree.
When I first tried this product, I was suffering a minor headache.  The headache medicine did its job and relieved the pain, and quicker than standard OTC ibuprofen and other medicines.  The pills were slightly sweet unlike most pills which can be bitter.I had a worse headache several days later and tried the product again.  The medicine did little to nothing for that headache.  It might have suppressed the pain slightly for a short while, but the throbbing headache never went away until I took ibuprofen.All in all, for minor headaches, I'd recommend the product.  Average headaches or worse, you're probably better off with something a bit stronger.
I've had daily headaches and the occasional migraine for most of my adult life.  I was very interested when I saw this product as it seemed a bit more mild than my normal medicine.  The results have been mixed.  I find that if I have a full blown headache these pills don't touch it.  If however I take these just as a headache starts they do seem to dull it for a little while.  I haven't seen that it prevents my headaches completely.  I probably wouldn't buy these again as they only delay the inevitable taking of my normal medicines.  If you suffer from mild headaches these may work for you.
When I first saw this product, I was very excited to give it a try.  I am one of those people that suffer constantly from headaches.  Because of this, Exedrin has become a main staple in my diet.  The idea of being able to use a more natural product to relieve my pain was very appealing.  Once I received the Headache Tabs in the mail, I just so happened to have a headache - big shocker there.  So, I immediately opened up the package and gave the tabs a shot.  After chewing and allowing the two tablets to completely dissolve, each separately, as directed, I waited and waited and waited and experienced no relief.  Not even a dulling in the pain.  Needless to say, I had to resort to taking my Exedrin.  I was very let down my how this worked.As a side note, the taste was not overly horrible.  Not the greatest, but I have tasted much worse.  Perhaps for those people who experience much milder headaches, this would be beneficial, but it was not for me.
This is a good, natural product.  It seems to work well with mild headaches.  However, it does not seem to do much for more severe headaches, even at onset.It consists of several natural, active ingredients and I would recommend it for a mild headache.  The active ingredients are:BelladonnaBryoniaGelsemium SemperverinsSanguinaria CanadenisSpigelia AnthelmiaThese are all products of nature, dirived from plants, etc.There are a few inactive ingredients; these are:LactoseMagnesium StearateStevia leaf extractThe tablets are meant to be chewed.  You can swallow it, as it is not very large.  If you chew it, expect a mild bitterness, but nothing too bad.  The box indicates the dose to be two tablets for ages 8 and up, and may be repeated every four hours.The box also lists the typical warnings:Not for children under 8Consult a physician if pregnant or breast-feeding, etc.For me, these seemed to help relieve a mild headache within a half hour or so, based on prior headaches I've had which did not pass without medication.My lone knock on products by Homeostasis Labs products is their packaging.  They use a cardboard box within a cardboard sleeve and dispensing is sometimes annoying.  You have to push the box part of the way out of the sleeve and remove the tablets from a hole in the box.Other than that, I really like their products. So, if you are looking for a natural analgesic, this might be a decent item to try.
This product seems to work for mild headaches, but not severe ones.I got this for two relatives who have migraine issues and who like natural products.  They both said that it worked well for the minor headaches, but not the major ones.  One relative didn't like the chalky taste.  Both seemed to feel that the product helped them.As a good alternative to standard over the counter medications, this is a decent one in that it is all natural and it does provide relief in some cases.
sometimes headaches are simply an issue of mind over matter, and that's when these seemed likely to work for me but when I get a sinus headache these don't cut it. Perhaps if I believed in them more I would be convinced but I am so biased in favor of Tylennol that it will be hard to break me and these pills preformed no miracles. Perhaps though it could just be me.
I had a slight headache after work when I finally got a chance to try these.  It was mild enough that I wasn't ready for the heavy artillery, so I was willing to give this a shot.  I did notice about 30 minutes later that I no longer had a headache.  However, one of the benefits I usually get from advil or celebrex is the relief from my chronic neck pain as a bonus(I think I must have a heavy head or I tense up too much at night...I don't know) I did not notice any relief of the neck pain.  But it doesn't promise to do that, so I can't knock it.  It didn't promise to make me look ten years younger either.I am not sure I would trust it for a full blown head-rocker headache, but that isn't from experience.  I will try it again the next time I have a more intense headache and update if I notice something noteworthy one way or the other.  For now, I am giving this a qualified positive recommendation.BTW, I can't ever figure out how the dispenser works on these boxes.  I got it once on the first box I opened, but since then I have been ripping the package in half because I don't remember how I opened the first box.  I am sure it is very simple and will someday feel like a moron when I remember how I did it.
My husband and I both tried this product and it seemed to work as well as acetaminophen for us. However, the per tablet price is pretty steep. My husband has headaches virtually every day so if he relied exclusively on this product for pain relief it would get to be pretty expensive.
I had a major headache and these showed up in the mail.  I took the dosage requested and they tasted good.  You are to take two ever four hours for a few days if necessary.  I was not sure what was going to happen but about twenty minutes later I noticed my headache was almost gone and in another ten it was.  It was easy to take and had no after effects.  I get headaches every so often and if these continue working I will keep taking them.
This is a homeopathic product and the active ingredients are present in tiny amounts so they are harmless even if you take several times the recommended amount. Perhaps that is why the package is cardboard instead of something child-safe.Active ingredients are: Belladonna 30C, Bryonia 30 C, Gelsemium sempervirens 30C, Sanguiaria canadensis 30C and Spigelia anthelmia 30C. These ingredients are officially included in the U.S. Homeopathic Pharmocopeia guidelines. Inactive ingredients include lactose but the amount is small so I did not have a problem with it even though I don't tolerate milk.Some people feel that homeopathic remedies are not \"real\" medicine and claim that they work as a placebo. Personally I doubt this because I have seen homeopathic medicines work on my pets! Unfortunately, I have not had much luck getting homeopathy to work for me. Perhaps if I were working with a homeopathic doctor instead of taking over-the-counter remedies, I would have better results.That said, I could not find a way to test the product in depth. I don't get headaches frequently and they are usually not severe. I did take the product about four times for headaches. The headaches did not worsen and in a couple of cases they seemed to improve rapidly. But that could have happened even without the pills. They tasted sweet with only a slight aftertaste; it was not unpleasant to me.
I frequently get tension/anxiety headaches and sinus headaches. Since I take a lot of strong prescription pain reliever's for my neck and back pain the usual things used for headache relief don't work for me very well. Although I don't think that they would work very well for one of those extreme migraine/tension headaches they do help me for those minor tension-anxiety ones that I frequently get. I'm very happy that I've found these! I have had to use so many pain relievers over the years, and built up a tolerance too, that there isn't much of anything left that works for things like this for me. So I was surprised when I actually did get some relief when I tried these the other day. But, they haven't done much for the sinus allergy headache. I'm still looking for something to help me with those.I wouldn't recommend these for the intense migraine headache or one that has got to the point that its a bad one. Say a 6 or 7 or worse on a 1 to 10 pain scale. For more of a minor headache of a 5 or less, if you catch it early these could give you some help.
I have had chronic tension headaches for years and I normally take Extra-Strength Tylenol or Motrin to ease the pain. I gave Homeostasis Labs Headache Relief a try instead of my normal medicine. You can take up to two pills at a time and you can take them every 4 hours with no side effects.The way you take them is to chew them up in your mouth. They sort of taste like candy if you ask me. It seemed to start working faster than most other medications; I think it took about 10 minutes. It definitely took the edge off the headache quickly but didn't make it go away all together.I would consider these a good all-natural alternative if you get slight headaches. It just doesn't get rid of my severe headaches.
I wished I could say these worked even in a placebo scenario, but I can't. I suffer from pressure migraines, and change of climate headaches. So I gave these a try, and let them try and take a hold after an hour or two. To which they just didn't work, and I ended up running to my medicine cabinet take my usual dose of Aleve and Advil to subdue my pain. Put simply, these just didn't work for me, and I can't rate them favorably.
I was really hopeful that this would work for me but, if there is any positive effect at all, it's very slight in my case.  It may be that it would work for other people or for specific kinds of headaches.  In my case, most of my headaches are probably related to stress or lack of rest.  The times that I have tried this product were unimpressive and I had to resort to the tried and true over-the-counter remedies.  It may just be me and my type of headache.  With the side effects of the OTC products this product is certainly worth a try, but it's just not strong enough for me.
I have suffered with headaches since I was 9 years old (I am now 44), with everything from minor headaches to full blown migraines.  Consequently, I've taken a lot of Tylenol, Ibuprofen and aspirin in my time.I got this product hoping to find some headache relief without having to take all those chemicals all the time.  I have found that if I take this product AS SOON as I feel a headache coming on, it will often make it go away before it gets any worse.  I don't know if it depends on the severity of the pain, or the cause of it, but it works fine with lower level headaches if I catch them early.  However, once it is past a certain point, or if it is a bad headache, this product no longer works.Not bad, really.  I can use this as a first line defense, and limit the amount of the heavier meds I have to take to deal with regular headaches.  For migraines or bad headaches, I'll have to stick to the conventional stuff.
I get bad migraine headaches. This does absolutely nothing for those types of headaches.But when I get a normal headache, this has helped. I am not sure if it is as effective as tylenol or some other medication for headaches. You will have to see how it works for you.As for me, I decieded to stick with medication that I know will work.
I don't think this product was meant for people with bad or migraine headaches. I shared these headache tablets with 2 others with different headache situations.  Even though the pills were taken every 4 hours as directed, there was no significant change to report. The taste was not bad at all, as a matter of fact, I sort of enjoyed the taste, which is why I gave this product 2 stars. Maybe they would be better suited for a child.
The concept of homeopathic medicines really appeals to me, but after trying this product two times for really bad headaches I am not convinced that it is effective--at least not for me.  I eventually had to take ibuprofen for relief.
My mom gets lots of headaches and tried this item, but didn't get any relief.  On the up side, she had no side effects, either.
I was very excited to try this homeopathic headache relief product. I would say that I get \"normal\" stress headaches, not hugely painful or migraine. I have had good relief with HeadOn, if that helps. The tablets are small. They dissolved very quickly in my mouth and had just a little bit of mild taste, quite pleasant.My headache was gone within the hour, about the same as using OTC products.The packaging is EXCELLENT! The box within a box design means they are easy to use when your head is hurting, yet they do not come open in your bag.I will be purchasing these to keep on hand. They worked quickly and had no side effects for me. I would much rather take an herbal cure than more drugs. No worries about the stomach problems with aspirin,or druggy feeling with acetaminophen. I feel much better about giving my older grandkids this for a headache. A real winner for us!
When reviewing medicine it's pretty straightforward. It works or it doesn't.This SOMETIMES works just like most headache medicine.The thing I really don't like is the fact you have to chew it! Ew! It tastes chalky and vaguely sweet like tums!Also, the box is weird. You push down on the box and it reveals an opening on a second box where the pills are dispensed. It's neat... but kind of weird. Not at all childproof.
I personally do not like chewable,but my kids do. Worked to temper stress headache from sitting at computer or bent over school or office work, if taken when neck and head starts to feel tight.  Did not work on migrane or sinsus headaches.
I get headaches quite often, ranging from mild to bad migraines. When I take these tablets when I feel the very first signs of a headache coming on, they do work to stop the headache before it starts. However, if I take them after I have a headache or if I have a migraine headache, I didn't notice any effect, even when I take them every four hours as recommended. The tablets are small, have a pleasant taste and dissolve quickly when you chew them. I like that they're all natural and don't interact with other medications or have any side effects. I would buy them again to keep on hand for preventing everyday headaches, but I don't think they will replace other headache medications or pain relievers for people with migraines or more severe headaches.
I have tried this when I have a full fledged headache, and also at the very early onset of one before it even feels like a headache, and for ME it does not make a headache go away or prevent one from happening.  I was very disappointed because I hoped something like this could help reduce the amount of pain killer I put through my body.  Alas, no such luck.  Maybe it will work for you...seems like the product gets mixed results.
Homeostasis Labs Headache Reliefis excellent, natural and fast acting. You just chew 2 tablets your headache is gone within minutes.What Surprised me is how fast they work. Within 5 minutes of taking them, my headache started to slowly fade away. By 15 minutes, it was completely gone. Most Ibuprofens, aspirins, Aleve, ETC take at least a half hour to an hour to start workingSo The fact that this started working in as little as 5 minutes - I likeThe only issue, it leaves a bitter aftertaste in your mouth
But doesn't eliminate headaches.  I love that they're chewables though, no bad taste either!  I also love the dispenser on it, though I have to be careful since it resembles candy to my youngest and doesn't taste bad.
I'll be honest, I only tried this once.  I don't get too many headaches and the time I decided to try this was apparently a \"migraine\" headache.  I'm not one who regularly gets migraines so I didn't realize that's what it was. Anyhow, I decided to try this and within about 30 minutes I was nauseous and threw-up.  Again, this could have been from the migraine itself and not from these tabs, but now every time I think of these I remember that terrible moment so I can't bring myself to try it again.  So I dont know if this is a true review of the product, but if I do get the guts to try this out again (this time with just one of those 'stress headaches' and not a migraine), I will update this review to reflect it.  Until then, I'll give this 2 stars - 1 because it's homeopathic and I would really like to know that this can work rather than conventional pain-killers and the second star just because I'm not sure if a 1-star is fair given my experience - was it the fault of these pills or just coincidence?
I've taken these several times when I've had headaches of varying levels, and they DO seem to work! Maybe it's at least partially a placebo effect, but I don't think so. It's not quite like taking an Advil or anything, but definitely provides some relief!Note that you CHEW these tablets, not swallow them (though they have no taste or weird texture).
As many other reviewers state, it's hard to know if this product really helps or not. It clearly doesn't work on full-blown headaches, however, does it prevent the ones that are coming on? Does it help them go away or at least not get any worse? I can't say for sure, but I can tell you that when I was getting a headache, I reached for these (easy to take, no real taste) and within about 1/2 hour, the headache had lessened enough that I was able to fall asleep. Yes, it might have happened on its own because I was lying in a dark room.I was a little nervous to see \"lactose\" listed in the inactive ingredients (which I noticed right after I took the pills), as I do have a slight lactose intolerance, but it had no effect on me in that sense. I'm guessing it's a tiny amount.I'm filing this under \"can't hurt, might help.\" I'll try it again for the mild, beginning stages headaches, or to supplement my regular pain relievers.
To say that I have reservations when first taking these little gems would be an understatement.  I had no expectations other than the disappearance of an aching head.  Pill taking is moderately binary:  it either works or it does not.  These work but a bit on the slow side.  The pills are of the right size and go down easily for me.  I say \"for me\" because there are some folks who have problems taking pills of any size and since the instructions suggest chewing them that problem is insignificant.  Do not expect side effects.  I had none of any kind.  I dropped my rating one star because the package could not be secured properly.  Even though I emptied the contents into another container for moisture and safety reasons I would prefer a more suitable package rather than a paper one that is not terribly intuitive nor practical.
My wife suffers from headaches and followed the simple directions on the box.  It did not have any perceivable impact, positive or negative, on her headaches.  There's not much more to say about it: didn't work for us, but didn't make anything worse, either.
I suffer from migraines, and my order came in right in time for the start of a big one that lasted for two days.  First, the engineering of the packaging left a lot to be desired.  The packaging is all paper, no actual lid or cap.  So you are suppose to push down on one corner to open.  But doing so doesn't actually do anything but crush the top of the box.  I ended up just ripping the top off of the box to get to the product.  This is a package engineering flaw that really should be fixed.  People with migraines don't want to screw around with gimmicky packaging just so a company can claim the packaging is \"green.\"With my migraines, I also tend to get nausea, and most migraine medications make the matter worse because they don't settle well in my stomach. So I generally need to suffer through a migraine without any medication at all. Thankfully, this product didn't irritate my stomach in the slightest, and actually seemed to calm it a bit.  As far as my actual headache, however, it didn't do a thing to ease the pounding in my head.  It did help a little with the residual throbbing and lightheadedness that lingers for a while once a migraine ends, but it didn't really help with the migraine itself.For mild headaches caused by eyestrain or similar problems, this product seems to work fine and for someone looking for a natural solution to mild headaches this would be of value.  For severe headaches, however, it has no impact at all.  For me it had the unexpected benefit of calming my nausea, which was a relief in and of itself.  But my head still felt like it was in a vice was taking this product.  Warning--this product contains lactose.
Homeostasis Labs Headache Relief, 50-CountI'm Impressed!  few things impress me these days -- but, Homeostasis Labs Headache Relief is note-worthy.Easy to chew, sweet, dissolves almost instantly, no aftertaste.  Slight headache gone within 5 minutes. Homeostasis Labs Headache Relief is absolutely Amazing!...now, back to my Power Shopping! :)  Highly Recommended! --Katharena Eiermann, 2010
My headaches vary greatly in how long the last and how much they hurt. I've tried this on several occasions and haven't reached a conclusion... are the headaches shorter? do they hurt less? I honestly don't know.
When taken for headaches, this appears to be a fairly effective and safe option. The question for me is should it replace anything in your medicime chest or travel bag?With aspirin, acetimiphen and ibuprofen, there are other uses besides headaches such as reducing pain, swelling and as part of a daily regimen. This product appears to be good for one thing and one thing only so for many people, it would be not as practical as other remedies.
No sure if these will help you, but they make no difference in the reduction of pain of my headaches.
Okay--I am not going to go into the different ingredients in this product, because they are clearly listed on the package and product description...I will say that they are safe and can be used in conjunction with other cold medicines and prescriptions, and have had no history of negative side effects.I am a personal trainer, and very much \"into\" homeopathic and dietary remedies/supplements.  I have been studying this stuff for years.  Frankly, when the Vine program sent me a hangover remedy to test and review, I did so with a pretty negative attitude--thinking that it couldn't work as well as they purported...but to my surprise, it DID.  Then I tried the dietary supplement--helping to curb appetite--and lo and behold, it worked, too!  So, when they offered me this headache remedy, I was eager to try it, being that I had been suffering from this long-term, never-ending, awful headache for nearly 2 months.  I had tried Advil, Tylenol, Aspirin, cold medicine...no improvement (or short lived improvement).  On the FIRST does of this, my headache was relieved.  I don't think I even needed another dose until the following day.  I'm telling you--this headache had been keeping me up at night, distracting me from conversation, and pretty much making me a grumpy person.  But this product really did help me.You put the 2 tablets in your mouth and chew them up...that's it.  They are kind of like those baby aspirin in texture but blander in flavor.Oh, the box--it is super easy to store, especially if you have lots of these  different brand's products.  However, it can be a little hard to get used to, sliding the box open to reveal a small opening where the tablets fall from.  Once you get it, however, it's quite easy.  But the first few times you open it, you might want to assume that the opening is on the \"other\" side, just in case ;)
I took these at the onset of a tension headache and continued to take them a few more times throughout the day. While I didn't get a full blown tension headache, I felt like I was fighting one off all day. I have taken much more effective homeopathic headache supplements, like Hylands and Boiron brands. Peppermint oil is another natural item that I've used for successful headache relief.I will try it again for a different type of headache in the future just because I'd hate to throw it away. But it will probably be in addition to something else, like the peppermint oil.
Well, I've tried these a few times, and they've only worked once. The other two times I waited and suffered and found from some generic alka selzer tablets, still my favorite remedy. Then again, my headaches tend to stem from not drinking enough water when drinking beer, etc, so maybe I'm not applying these to the right headaches?I have had good luck with some homeopathic remedies, and no luck with others. This product falls, sadly, into the latter category. Sometimes isn't good enough for headache relief, at least for my brainpan.
This homeopathic formula is for \"the relief of painful headaches and to help shorten the duration of the headache\".  I have mixed feelings about this product.  I have tried it three times with three different type headaches and it seemed to have an affect on two of them.  The one it didn't work on at all was a sinus headache. I'm sorry I even tried it because usually at the onset of one if I quickly take ibuprofen, a decongestant (pseudoephedrine), and coffee, I can ward off the worst of it, the acute pain, nausea, etc., but these pills didn't have any affect at all so I was in for it.The other two headaches were the tension type, mild but annoying.  Both times within an hour the headache was much better.  I'm suspicious that it may have been a placebo effect, and I will continue to try these for all but very bad headaches to see if they consistently work.  Two mild headaches are not enough to convince me of the effectiveness of these.If you research the herbs/plants/roots that are used it does make sense that it could work, but in homeopathic formulas the amounts used are so small. The tablets are chewable, the taste pleasant. Stevia is used as the sweetener.  Below is the information from the box.Homeostasis Labs Headache Relief Tablet  50 tabletsActive ingredients (all 30C HPUS) -means ingredient is included in the Homeopathic Pharmacopoeia of the US-BelladonnaBryoniaGelsemium sempervirensSanguinaria canadensisSpigelia anthelmiaInactive ingredientsLactoseMagnesium stearate (veg source)Stevia leaf extractFor adults and children 8 years and older, chew two tablets thoroughtly, repeat every 4 hrs as needed
Headache RELIEF, Homeopathic Medicine from Homeostasis Labs is an all natural alternative to attain headache relief.  I suffer from headaches and have always used Tylenol or Excedrin.  To take this product you need to let the tablets dissolve in your mouth.  This immediately made the product less appealing to me.  The taste is not awful but it is not good either.My hope was that the relief would be so fast and good that it would make it worth enduring the taste of the tablets as they dissolved in my mouth.  I have to say that I was disappointed.  It really didn't work that well, and certainly not worth the taste--unless you have an allergy or some fear of Tylenol, etc., or if it just makes you feel good to use something all natural.  I can't recommend this product for pain relief.
I've been using this same brand's Sleep Relief tablets for awhile, and have found them to be really effective, so I thought that I would give these a try.  So far, they have been rather hit and miss.  As a few other reviewers mentioned, if you take them right at the start of a headache, they seem to help, but, even then, they don't always.  A few times I've tried them at the very start of a headache, and they did nothing to help it as the headache got worse.As far as the type of headache goes, I suffer from migraines (where my sinuses swell and I get throbbing pain)and \"tension\" headaches; perhaps they might work for other types of headaches, but they've done little for me.  I'd say that these have worked for me less than half of the time that I've used them, and for that reason I'm giving them three stars.
I was curious to try this product, because I get quite a few headaches - usually sinus or from humidity.  I tried using this 3 different times, and got no relief at all.  I do have to say that my headaches are stubborn, and most OTC products don't work either.  The only thing that does help is Extra Strength Tylenol (usually generic), and not Advil, Ibuprofen, or any other OTC product.I read through some reviews and see that it did work for some people, so I do think it's worth giving this a try, even though it didn't work for me, especially if you only get occasional or mild headaches.
I tried this for a sinus headache and it did work, but I found I did have to take another before the 4 hours prescribed.Little taste and melts in your mouth.  Works gently and fairly quickly.I will probably use this product again.Thank youMEF
If I've got a minor headache, these little tablets will knock it out for a couple hours.  However, these won't touch my worst migraines. So if you've got one of those little nagging headaches, this will probably help, but I wouldn't count on it helping with anything worse than that.
My biggest concern with this product was that since the pills are chewable that they would taste awful.  But the pills themselves were surprisingly small and didn't taste bad.  Admittedly they don't taste like candy (or sugary in any way) but they did have a chalky vaguely sweet taste to them.I first tried the pills on a fairly mild headache, drank a full glass of water and limited my computer / monitor use (that's where most of my headaches seem to come from).  I felt better later, but didn't exactly realize at what point it kicked it.I'd definitely recommend it for anyone that has a hard time swallowing pills.
I get headaches often and thought this would be a great product to test. I've taken 2 chewable tablets, which have a neutral taste and disolve easily at the onset to my headache. The headache did not get stronger, and in baout 20 minutes, it was gone and did not come back. So far I've been 3 for 3 trying this out. Normally over the counter meds are a 50/50 with my headaches and I normaly take imitrex. I have not had a major headache yet; but as soon as I do I plan to try these first and will update my review accordingly.There are many types of headaches, whether it be from hunger or stress, or tiredness. I would rate my 3 trials all related to tiredness since there is a newborn in the house and lack of sleep is huge. However, I've been eating all different times and skipping means depending whats going on, so it could be hunger related too. Whichever it was (I feel more tiredness) they did work for me.First signs of a headache I normally take something. So I can't say how these will work in the middle of a headache, but will test that out as well and update. Normally my migrains come on fast and strong, so it will be the perfect test when that happens. But I did want to rate these so far on my experience with them.UPDATED: I've had 2 stronger headaches since and my thoughts have changed. These did absolutely nothing for the stronger ones, even at the onset. As of right now I would say they can help with small ones... but how do we know if those small ones will turn into bigger ones? I ended up waiting for them to kick in or help alittle, and nothing. After a few hours of still suffering, I went for the imitrex which for me works in 20m.I'm not sure if I will test these again - hate to suffer if its a bigger headache and sometimes hard to tell. But at the same time would like to experiment a bit more to add to my review. Will update accordingly again.
I was skeptical about a homeopathic product for headache relief but decided to give this a try anyway.  What a great product.  I'm very pleased and will purchase it again.  My husband gets frequent headaches and uses asprin or Excedrin as his drug of choice.  I convinced him to give these a try and they worked for him too.
I have run the gambit on headaches; mild distraction to \"curled up in a ball till it goes away\" migraines. And I have tried many different medicines and cures. I would rank this one as average in strength, but with one difference. If you have ever had a headache that seems to rebound back on you an hour after you have taken your medicine, you can still take these!These don't interfere with your Tylenol or Advil and your medicine doesn't interfere with these Homeostasis pills working. So when you need a little something extra, these are great to have nearby.
I suffer from headaches frequently; caused by stress, eye strain in front of a computer all day, noise, sinuses, everything except for drill bits to the cranium.  It has become a skill to be able to catch headaches early and try to steer around them.  This is what I thought Homeostasis Headache Relief would be good for, and I wanted to take less of the acetaminofen or ibuprofen.  Homeopathic sounded like a good alternative.I'll say the nice stuff first; the packaging is unique to my experience.  The chewable tablets are quicky ingested, and taste like a very mild mint.  They are a wee bit chalky, but really not bad.  They're pleasant-tasting and pleasant in terms of the actual taking-of the pill.Now here's the sticking point.  I really can't tell if they work.  There have been a couple of times when I've felt the headache coming on, and I've tried the tablets... and I think I actually continued to feel like I had a headache coming on, but it never quite arrived.  It was just \"close.\"  There have been a couple of times when I've felt the headache coming on, and I took the pills, and the headache still came, and I ended up pounding down some Tylenol.  And there have been a couple of times I've thought the headache was coming on, and I took the pills, and then the headache never came, and I felt great.Truly?  I can't tell if these things work.  I do know that the one time I had a rager of a headache going on, I went for the big guns and not these tablets, and that's why I gave it two stars instead of three.  When you're in pain, you just want the surest way for the pain to end.  I'll continue using this product until it's gone, and if I have some kind of a breakthrough, I'll report on it.  But for the most part, I can't recommend this product yet.  I would say that if you are a deep believer in Homeostasis products or this venue of homeopatic meds, then give it a shot.  Until I have that breakthrough, I'll stick with the labeled bottle.
First a disclaimer: I do not usually take any medication for headaches or light colds. So when I take over the counter products they tend to work fairly quickly.I am a huge proponent of Natural medicine and the least amount of processed chemicals i ingest the better I feel, it might all be in my head but it works for me.As a kid regular medicine did not work for me but for some reason homeopathic medicine did wonders and I thank my parents for thinking outside the box and going this route.Now to this Homeostasis labs headache relief;  I have used it about 3 times now and it has worked flawlessly for me. Now... I feel it took a little longer to work than a regular headache relief medicine over the counter and if you are a heavy user of those, this might be a little light weight for you. I would try it if you are tired of using the other headache medicines and want to go a more \"natural\" way.Homeostasis labs has different products for different kind of ailments so only use this for headaches.
I get alot of headaches--migraine, sinus, tension, so I was hoping to be able to use this homeopathic headache formula, to take the place of some of the over the counter headache medicine that I presently take.I took 2 tablets, as prescribed, and chewed them throughly.  I think these would work ok if you don't get really bad headaches to begin with, but on the package it does say that they are 100% natural, no side effects, that you can take them with other meds, so maybe start with 2 of these tablets, see if they work for you, then go on from there.  They say to take 2 every 4 hours, as needed I guess.I do like the portabily factor too of the packaging, but I do worry that the opening of the package, which is all paper, could break off, and cause you to lose some of the tablets.If you have always been curious about homeopathic meds, and whether they would work for you, you might want to give these a try.  They make several varieties, including for kids.
that this headache relief seems to be every bit as effective as the Tylenol I'm used to taking with no apparent side effects. I don't get headaches often but when I do they're often doozies and this remedy worked quite well the last time I had a headache.
I am a heavy computer user who also suffers from poor vision. This can lead to me having headaches frequently. I got these tablets to offset the amount of over the counter medications I sometimes use to control the headaches. These are chewable tablets, not pills to be swallowed. They do not taste awful, but they don't taste wonderful either. They do leave a minor bitter aftertaste once they dissolve in the mouth.The first time I tried these they did work quickly, but they did not take the pain away. I used the standard two pill dosage. When I got another headache I took four and the pills did take a way the dull headache I had. I am still not sure how these pills would perform with a severe headache, but they did help me with a minor one, but I had to double the strength of the medicine.Still, the pills did work, so I can't say that they are ineffective.
I get occasional headaches wether tension headaches, due to eye strain or just the random headache. I have tried this product on 2 occasions now. Once where the headache was pretty much already in full force and once when I just had that annoying feeling where you are just starting to feel the headache coming on. I did not see much relief from this product in either situation.It is possible that in the case where the headache was just starting to come on, that the product did slow it down some, but really there is no way of knowing because who really knows exactly how long it is going to take for a headache to make it into full swing each time. This particular headache did go into full gear a little while after trying these pills and I ended up popping 3 Advil and that did the trick.The time that I took these when the headache was already in pretty much full force, these pills did nothing and I ended up taking 3 Motrin about a half hour after the Homeostasis Labs pills. My headache was gone then within 10-15 mins.I guess it is a good thing that this product can be used with other medicines since I did need to use something else to get rid of my headaches. Having used both Motrin and Advil (on separate occasions) within 20-30 minutes of the Homeostasis Labs pills, I can say that there was no bad reaction to mixing the meds..so far. Like other people have mentioned though, they do taste bad!For me, these just don't seem to work. Maybe someone else will have better luck.
I first took these when I felt the beginning of a headache start to come on. The texture and taste when chewed was not too bad at all. They weren't chalky or horrible tasting. I noticed later that I did not have a headache anymore. This could have been because of the pills, or it could have been because my \"beginning headache\" was not really a headache after all. I'm not sure.When I had a more severe headache a few days later I tried these again. Unfortunately I didn't notice a difference with the pain and intensity of my headache. I ended up taking Excedrin later on in the day and that cleared it up right away.My advice is to stick to the medicine you already know, trust, and use. If you are looking for a more \"natural\" method of medicine then I guess you could definitely try these. They are pretty cheap but I'm not sure they will work for you. They didn't for me, but everyone is different.
I chewed two Homeostasis Lab \"Headache Relief\" pills as directed when I woke with a headache. When the pain had not subsided after two hours I broke down and got relief from my usual over the counter asteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). I was disappointed as I prefer taking homeopathic remedies. My husband said his headache subsided briefly after chewing two of the homeopathic headache pills but he too ended up taking other pills when his headache came back.The homeopathic remedy box comes with 50 pills. The literature says they are 100% natural with no side effects. They can be taken every four hours and with other medication. The main active ingredients are: Belladonna 30C, Bryonia 30 C, Gelsemium sempervirens 30C, Sanguiaria canadensis 30C and Spigelia anthelmia 30C. All the ingredients are officially included in the U.S. Homeopathic Pharmocopeia guidelines.These homeopathic headache pills would be great if the worked.
I'll be honest. I'm a little skeptical about homeopathic medicines. There's some part of it that's legit, and some that is grossly exaggerated.  Having not tried any in many years, I wanted to give it another shot.  I suffer from chronic headaches and thought this would be a good place to start.I have been on a consistent routine with my diet, supplements and headache/allergy treatments. Today, the only thing that changed was the addition of the homeostasis tabs.  I may try them again to see if this was a fluke, but the first time I took it, I was sick to my stomach for hours.  That's all I can say of my personal experience with this. My headache was no better after taking these.
Not every headache responds to this product, but it is sometimes an effective replacement for over the counter pain relievers. I gave it 4 stars because it isn't as reliable as aspirin and ibuprofen, but I liked the idea of using an alternative product that is not as harsh on my system.The taste is not unpleasant, sweetened with stevia so the pills can dissolve under the tongue.  About half of the time I used this product, my headache went away.  The other half of the time I ended up popping some ibuprofen in 20 minutes when the headache was still there.  This is still a 50 percent reduction in the amount of NSAIDs my liver has to deal with, so I am still happy with the results.
Well, these pills contain belladonna. I thought that was poisonous, but I guess I was wrong; In small doses it is a curative agent. Still, I don't taste anything in these pills but sugar. I wonder if they're real, or if \"homeopathic\" just means \"placebo\" after all? Well, either way, I had a headache, I chewed two tablets and let them dissolve in my mouth, and about 20 minutes later my headache was gone.Was it the pills? Did my headache just run its course? I don't know. They didn't hurt, though, and I think they might have helped speed the headache's end. I have no way to know, do I?I'd recommend them because the box is cool, they're kind of sweet and tasty, and they seem to do the trick. I can't guarantee it, and I don't know for sure, but they *seem* to do what they say they're supposed to do, and that's good enough for most mild headaches, I guess. I won't be giving up my naproxin sodium pills any time soon, but I think these are nice to have around, anyway. Maybe they do the trick, and maybe you step it up to the less \"natural\" stuff.
Maybe it can work for some people and not others. It doesn't work for me. Not much more to say or elaborate about. Just doesn't ease my headaches at all.
I don't like taking any kind of pills, whether they be aspirin or a prescription. And with all the information out there about taking too many Tylenol's and others, these sounded like a safe alternative. Too bad they didn't work for my headache. I like that you can chew them and the packaging is also very convenient. But it's a good thing that I had some Aleve in my briefcase for backup. I really want to support this kind of alternative medicine, but if it doesn't work for me, I'm back to conventional methods.
This review isn't going to be very long I guess.  After all, I told you everything you need to know about the product in the title of this review.  I have tried this out on multiple occasions for a period of 4 months or so.  I have to say I am very unimpressed.In summer sometimes, I get too hot where we live so I get headaches from the heat.  I tried it out to relieve the pain.  It worked alright in this instance.  Didn't take the pain away.  But it helped somewhat.In winter I tried it out because I have a lot of sinus trouble.  And it doesn't help me for sinus trouble at all.I have tried it on everything except for migraines (which I don't have anymore) and have been pretty disappointed.  Think I'll stick with my Advil Gel Caps.  Sure they may not be as good for me, but at least they work...
Disclaimer: I get a series of cluster headaches.  For me, for that headache? These did not work. At all.  However, that's hardly an indictment: nothing works!However, for less horrifying headaches, like sinus headaches, they work like a charm, lessening the severity of the headache rather rapidly.My take is: if you get headaches enough to know you have different types, these will likely not be that great for you. If you're like my sister, the kind who gets like one headache a year, you may find these useful.
I am prone to migraines & was quite excited when this product arrived.  I was also thrilled with the fact that this product was all natural.  When given a choice I'll always choose a natural or organic product.I felt a migraine starting yesterday & grabbed my Homeostasis Headache relief.  I found the package very difficult to open.  I followed the directions attempting to open it as the package stated & it still wouldn't budge.  As my headache worsened I tore it open where it was supposed to open easily.  Now my package can no longer be used as a dispenser.  I took the pills as directed - didn't care for the taste & they left a caulky taste in my mouth.  I waited the 4 hrs - no headache relief - then took another 2.  After waiting 2 more hrs, with no relief I took other medication.I wouldn't buy again.
Yes, this product does work. I've had a touch of a headache two times since receiving it, and in both instances the headache disappeared within 15-20 minutes. I'm not sure that I'd rely on this for a monster migraine, but it served it's purpose for a stress headache at work.
I battle migraines and headaches continually and rarely do I find anything that works well. Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to like this product, my headaches won out over this natural pill.Pros:The taste is mild for a chewable.The herbal (instead of constantly taking meds) is a plus for me.They seemed to help shorten the duration of the regular headache (not the migraine).Cons:Even if I caught the headache at the onset, these didn't touch the pain.The taste (although mild) was still not good. And when I have migraines, taste is intensified and causes me to have an upset stomach.The pill didn't dissolve well when I chewed it. It stuck in my teeth.I think this would work better if you got occasional headaches. If you are prone to migraines or headaches, I doubt this would work well for you.
I took the Homeostasis Labs Headache Relief tablets while I was sick with food poisoning that also included a splitting headache.  The tablets tasted ok and went down fine.  However I did not notice any relief from the headache pain.  Perhaps these tablets are only meant for normal stress headaches and not headaches due to an illness, but they did not work for me.
Nothing helps my full blown migraine after it sets in. But I tried these a little, and if it's in that pre-headache aura period and I can rest, it can help. Could be placebo effect, I don't know, doesn't matter. I might try again.The box is a little hard to open without tearing.People may be interested in the listed ingredients for their own research: Belladonna, Bryonia, Gelsemium sempervirens, Sanguinaria canadensis, Spigelia anthelmia.
I have suffered from headaches for most of my life.  I tried it for about a week at the onset of a headache.  After I took it each time the headache did not persist.  However, I also took it when I had a full on headache and I ended up having to take my usual medication for relief.  Will use it in a pinch but it will not replace my other medicine.
I should start by saying that I use homeopathic medicines on a regular basis. I believe in them, but not all of them work for me. Arnica works for me. Traumeel works amazingly for me. I also use flower essences for various ailments. For headaches, I usually use tylenol, but I thought I would give this a try as an alternative. I found the packaging of this brand to be frustratingly difficult to open and use. The tablets do not come out easily and the packaging is big and offers no protection from the moisture/humidity of our sub-tropical climate. At the end of the day, it is the product itself that has to perform. Unfortunately, this one did not. I returned to my Tylenol standby. Having said that, I do believe that one man's poison can be another man's medicine so I would not write it off for everyone. However, this product did not do anything to relieve my headaches so I can not recommend it.
I like to use homeopathic remedies and this manufacturer is new to me. I have previously used Hylands product with success, but this formula seems to be more advanced. The packaging is unusual. You have to push the main box down out of the overlapping box and then lift a tab on the side in order to get to the product. That is unusual and it does take longer to get to the product. They should redesign the packaging since it is confusing. The product itself really works. With Hylands, I would have to take several tablets several times a day. With Homeostasis Labs, I had to take only 2 tablet and felt relief without having to take more tablets later. There may be only 50 tablets in the box, but you don't have to take as many so it will last longer. I will definitely be trying more of their products. If they work as well as this does, Hylands has competition on their hands. I highly recommend this for long lasting relief!
I really hoped this would be a good alternative to Pamprin, Midol or Motrin.  Sadly, I will return to my over the counter symptom alleviation.I took this remedy when I started bloating for my monthly cycle.  It had no effect whatsoever despite taking the two tablets, chewing thoroughly and repeating 4 hours later.  I actually feel as though it may have extended the problem from my normal one day bloat to a two+ day bloat.  Next came the emotional reaction and fatigue.  Here is where I really had hoped it would make a difference and was yet again disappointed.  Similar to when I take OTC medicine, it increased my fatigue to a point that caffeine had little effect.  The emotional reaction (irritability, crying over stupid commercials) ran its normal two-day marathon with no abating. Last was the cramps.  No. Nodda.  Nothing.Now, I thought it might just be me.  Maybe I had an immunity to something in this remedy?  So, I let my teenager try the remedy as well.  She reported similar bloating issues while yelling at me about something having to do with someone in a magazine before promptly taking a nap.  Hmm.  Yep, not going to bother with this again.  That's 0/2.  Maybe I should let my husband try it as well and see if it helps when he's manstrating.
I tried the Headache relief tablets made by this company and they worked fairly well, so I thought I'd try the PMS relief one as well.  Like the headache tablets, these are good for relieving mild, general symptoms.  It reduces crampiness, general achiness and fatigue pretty well, but doesn't have the power to take on serious cramps or other major PMS symptoms.  Great for general maintenance, but use something else for the really bad moments.
As I am a male, and my wife is past the age where she needs this type of product, I gave them to my daughter to evaluate, as she suffers mightily in the first few days of her monthly cycle. She tried them and reported that they worked as well as most other products she had tried, which is to say, in her case that the product produced some result, but she still felt miserable. She did like the homeopathic compounds, as use of most pain relievers can have side effects. Her solution was to buy these and alternate with the regular pain reliever that she uses.
I will admit I did not expect this product to do me any good.  But, I didn't figure it could hurt to try.  So, I took them while on my period this past month.  Now, I will not tell you it is a miracle pill.  However, I definitely noticed a difference.  I was much less moody, and that was a wonderful relief for me AND my husband.
My wife tried this and said they helped ease some of her symptoms and helped with her irritability.  It's probably the kind of thing that is different for each person, so give 'em a try and see if they work for you.  There's a good chance they will.  Why they don't just add these to the water supply world wide, I don't know.  Seems like it might make the world a better place. ;-) j/k
Ten minutes after taking 4 tabs (the actual dosage is two - read the directions) I felt 35% more calmer, better.  I noticed right away the extra sharp razor-blade-edge feeling subsided about 1/3 and for me that is fantastic.  I shared it with three other girl-friends at work and got just about the same exact feedback.Does it cure PMS - no - but it DOES dull the crazy edge.  If you get monthly crazies, you KNOW what I am talking about.  Fortunately I only have one to three days of despair and nihilism, my heart goes out to those who suffer for a week or more at a time.  I remember my husband saying once, about 20 years ago that this was ALL IN MY HEAD - OMG - yes, I let him escape with his life - but believe me, I feel your pain.  This is a decent product.  I will keep a supply on hand at home and at work.  There was no drowsiness, I was able to continue working, commuting, dinner and kids - it lasted about 4 hours.It doesn't do anything for migraines and all the other physical tortures, but it did help with my head and mood and for that I am grateful!
I've taken these several times when I've had PMS - bloating, back pain, headache, general blah. They seem to do something, maybe take the edge off a little, but not a whole lot (I had better luck with the headache pills).Note that you CHEW these tablets, not swallow them (though they have no taste or weird texture).
I always love hearing about options for more natural medications to help alleviate whatever my symptoms may be. Thus, I was glad to give this product a try. However, I have to say I was left a bit disappointed. For starters, unlike most other pills, the instructions state these need to be chewed and allowed to dissolve in the mouth before swallowing. While the taste is not the most hideous ever, it's certainly nothing anyone would choose to ingest -- much like having an Anacin dissolve on your tongue. Secondly, I just plain didn't feel these pills were as effective -- or for as long -- as the OTC ones I've become accustomed to taking over the years. I did my best to give them a fair chance, but I think I'll stick with Midol.
I was initially excited to receive and review this product. I like using homeopathic products as often as I can and being that I just finished nursing and was back on the regular monthly cycles, I thought this would be helpful. Sadly that was not the case. Literally within 5 minutes of taking two of these tablets, I was doubled over in the bathroom. I could not believe it! I spent the rest of the evening, fighting the effects of something and the only thing I did differently was take these tablets. I have not taken them since the first try and have not had any incidents of becoming violently ill. I am glad to hear this product has helped many women. It just did not agree with me AT ALL so I can't personally recommend it.The box is kind of cool. It is definitely nice packaging. The opening actually reminds me of the packaging for candy rather than something health/well-being related.
First things first, this is not my first experience with homeopathic medicine.  I have been using homeopathic medicine for many years.  What I have learned is some stuff seems to work & work well, while other stuff does nothing.As far as homeopathic PMS/menstrual medicines I have never found one that works.  I thought Hylands was pretty good regarding reducing my mood swings but for pain nothing & boy do I mean nothing helps except Aleve and sleep (if the option is available & it usually isn't).I don't know if homeopathic PMS treatments are better suited to the luckier females who have milder symptoms than myself & that's why they never work for me.  I just know that they don't help me.  The creams you rub on don't help either.This is the first homeopathic PMS medicine that I have taken that tells you to chew the tablets.  Most homeopathic medicines recommend letting the tabs dissolve under the tongue.  So I chewed these a bit & then let them dissolve under the tongue the best I could.  They are sweetened with Stevia & I don't like stevia at all so I find them pretty unpleasant.Homeopathy is not like traditional medications as in you take it & Bam!  Bye bye whatever - with lots of side effects.  Some treatments are not effective with some people.  I can't not recommend this only because it might work for you.  If it doesn't, I wouldn't give up.  You might find the right treatment for you that is safe & you will be better for it.  As for me, the quest for PMS relief through homeopathy rages on!
The first time I took a dose I noticed a little lightheadedness and realized I hadn't eaten.  The next time I took the product, I had eaten recently, so I felt fine. Pre-menstrual symptoms seemed to ease when I took it, but I am not sure if it is a placebo effect. However, I did feel better.  I also slept extremely well and felt peaceful. Just try to take this with food or after eating.There isn;t much in the way of documentation with the product and I would have liked some more information.
My cramps during my period are terrible and these tabs did not take the edge off. I used them for two days and switched back to ibuprofen and hugging my heating pad. I guess if your symptoms are not too severe it could work but they did not work for me.
I used these for two months before writing a review to make sure that I gave them a chance to work -- and they certainly do!  While they didn't do much to relieve my cravings, they helped tremendously with the breast tenderness and mood swings that I usually get.  They didn't help much with actual cramps, but I don't think that they are meant for that purpose. Although the reviews are mixed on these pills, if you'd like a natural way to alleviate your PMS symptoms, I'd say that they are worth a shot.  They helped me quite a bit!
I struggle with PMS, it's a monthly topic in my household. I have tried different over-the-counter medicines, but they typically cause drowsiness (please note: I notice drowsiness when I take regular Ibuprofen, so I'm sensitive to these medicines).I was excited to try Homeostasis Labs PMS Relief, and I noticed a significant improvement from my symptoms. I realize that some of us medicate for menstrual cramps, others medicate for water retention or bloating, and the rest of us medicate for moodiness. Some of us need relief for all of the above! Well, I take mine for moodiness--my agitation and irritation is almost unbearable at times, and these little pills actually helped!I felt calmer and more patient than I ever have through PMS, and the medicine never made me tired. I would highly recommend this product for anybody needing PMS relief. Thanks and all the best 
There is a lot of controversy pertaining to the effectiveness of homeopathic medicines. Since they don't actually contain any \"real\" medicine, some people don't understand how they work. Homeopathic medicines contain an \"essence\" of the medicine and maintain that the energy signature of the original element is enough to cure.Homeopathy works on a system of like cures like, (think flue shots) and often contains the essence of a \"medicine\" that people wouldn't necessarily connect with a cure- such as Belladonna or Arsenic. In over the counter remedies such as these, the dosing of each element is minute. If an MD prescribes homeopathic remedies, there may be higher concentrations of the trace material but through everything I've ever read, homeopathic medicines either work or they don't with no side effects or drug interactions. If it doesn't work, (nothing happens) it's because the wrong remedy was used.As far as these PMS relief tablets go, YES! They did work well for me. I was not the raving lunatic that I typically am in the days prior to my period. This is one of the first \"combination\" style remedies that I have taken, (I usually use single remedies for my ailments) and I like it. The only thing that leaves me scratching my head is the way you take it. I am aware of taking homeopathic remedies by placing them under the tongue to dissolve, and with these Homeostasis tablets they say to chew until dissolved then swallow. No worries.One note, I've always read that you should try and not eat/drink soon before/after taking homeopathic meds because they could interfere with the absorption.if you are new to homeopathic medicine, you might want to do a bit of reading on the subject and I recommend,Homeopathy: An A to Z Home Handbook
I hate taking pills so I'm always looking for a more natural way to cure my headaches or muscle aches, etc. I was hoping this would work. I have notoriously bad pms symptoms that sometimes leave me lying in bed for the first two or three days of my menstrual cycle. I'm disappointed that this product didn't work for me. Even after a few hours, I noticed no difference in my pain. Maybe the stronger medicines is what I need but this isn't it. Ugh, and I was so hopeful...
Okay ladies, remember that PMS starts generally the week BEFORE your period, so if you take your pills when you have your period, its a bit futile since PMS is usually caused by hormonal changes much earlier. There are even studies that state that if you are calm within 2 weeks before your period, you will ease your PMS symptoms. Thus I recommend taking these pills 1.5 weeks before your period, and 3 days in.These pils are patent pending, and the purposes listed on package are:relieves pain due to crampsrelieves breast tendernessrelieves irritabilityrelieves cravingsIt states to chew 2 pills every 4 hours as needed. You have 50 pills. If you are awake for 12 hours, that is 6 pills a day. This will give you 8 full days (8 x 6 = 48). so this means you will need 1 box every month.the box says \"carton made with wind power\", and the box is close to IMPOSSIBLE to open. Its actually one box enclosing another box. It says to push to open but I ended up ripping the insert box to find a \"open\" slit on the actual product box. The real box is pink, and says 100% carbon neutral on it.The pills do not have a medicinal taste (they kinda have no taste, maybe just a little bit of sugar, but just a little). Does it work? can't tell, its homeopathic, so in the end it is good for you, but you wont be able to tell much.The box says \"Made in USA\".
I'm not big on lots of \"stuff\" being put into my body.  I tried these for 3 days and while I didn't take them exactly every 4 hours, I took them pretty consistently.  They didn't \"cure\" PMS (just ask my husband!), but they definitely took the edge off.  I still had some cranky moments, but I wasn't ready to kill someone for cutting me off in traffic - I'd just flip 'em off instead.  :-)  I didn't notice any undesirable side effects - I usually get a stomach ache from anything else aimed at PMS.  These aren't terrible to chew up, either.  They don't taste great, but even with cravings/aversions, I was able to chew 'em up and swallow 'em without wanting to upchuck.  I'd take 'em again.  Not too shabby!
I've never really tried anything like this before, soI'm not quite sure if it works. I've used it as the directionssay.When you chew them they don't have a taste or flavorBut they do have a chalky texture.I'm goin to keep giving this product a try.
I have been using these pills and for me they work pretty well. I let a few people try it and one said it was just like any other medicine, but my co worker said that it worked great. She said this was better then the stuff she was using. I used it and thought it worked well. The taste is chalky 
I got this product to help me relieve some of the symptoms that I have related to my menstrual period like bloating and tiredness. I was originally very skeptical of the product as I have tried the headache cure from the same company and it was not impressive. I have to say, this PMS relief did work for me. I was able to get quick relief of my bloating and my tiredness right away after taking this with a pain medication. I found that this gave me immediate relief of the bloating and was able to give relief until the pain medication kicked in. I was very impressed. It worked very quickly.I would not use this by itself, but along with your normal menstrual medicine this will make your period a lot easier to deal with. I do recommend this product to any women out there who use medicines that may not fully relieve their symptoms.
I took this for awhile trying to tell if they did anything for me before writing a review, and honestly I couldn't tell any noticable difference.  You might have a different experience.  I was not a fan of the texture; they were super chalky.  If you are a fan of homeopathic medicine, you might think it worth a try, but I was 
I wanted to give the pills a fair shot, so both my sister and I used them for two periods, but in the end we can't figure out if they really do anything or not....For me:I don't get serious pains or irritability during PMS, but I was curious to see if the pills would help the draining exhaustion I do get. Both periods I really think the pills did help with that, for the first couple days I felt a lot better than I usually do. The second time, however, was a little odd: Usually the blood gets less as the days go until it stops around day 4-5, but this time I was bleeding at strange intervals all through about 8 days. Now, I was recovering from a bacterial infection, so it may have been the illness or medication, or the combination of the PMS pills with the anti-bacterial pills or NyQuil. (Other than that, I noticed no side effects.)These pills are the easiest chew pills I've ever used! The pills themselves are practically flavorless, they're soft and dissolve quickly in your mouth (especially if you use some water), completely painless.My greatest gripe with the pills is that they CONTAIN LACTOSE. Although the pill box lists it under inactive ingredients, the Amazon product page fails to mention that. I'm lactose intolerant, so it matters. I'm sure there is a reason to use lactose, perhaps to make the pills easier to take, but that's just going to dissuade people like me from using them.For my sister:She gets bad cramps, and used the pills 5 times to relieve the pain. It's hard to be sure, but she thinks they worked twice. However, she hates chewing pills no matter what, so a 2 of 5 ratio doesn't cut it for her.This was our first experience with both PMS relief and Homeostasis pills.Packaging:Ok, it's probably just me, but it took me about 5 minutes to get the package open the first time. All it says is 'push down here to open' (or along those lines), and I pushed and pushed and it wouldn't budge. That's because there's a thin strip of tape at the bottom! Remove that, and it opens as promised. An unusual pillbox but I'm up for trying new things! The hole that you push to reveal is just large enough for you to knock out two pills (the dose) IF and only if they are aligned properly. A larger hole would made things that much easier.I'll continue using them, and update with any new information.
I was scepticall about this but once i tried it, it really does calm your irritability and moodiness, I was surprised and pleased.
*** For this review, I was aided by my wife, who writes below ***As for relieving my PMS symptoms, I'm a tough nut to crack. I grew up with products like Pamprin and Midol, which were essentially a waste of money for me. Relief of the pain portion of PMS didn't occur until I accidentally discovered prescription (at the time) 800mg ibuprofen; since then, it's been my hero. However, ibuprofen doesn't relieve irritability nor cravings; therefore, I have always been open to other products that naturally relieve those symptoms. Although my family and I were hopeful to have some relief of the monthly curse, we weren't terribly surprised when there were no signs of relief after taking PMS Relief. My breasts remained tender, irritability was apparent, and I still craved an alarming amount of chocolate, potato chips, and a glass of wine.  One last note, lactose is listed as an inactive ingredient on the package and I am lactose intolerant.*** Needless to say, didn't help wife, so it didn't help husband. \"Never bring a knife to a gunfight\" ***
As some of you may know, Bill Cosby once reviewed Midol as a pain reliever for tooth ache (it was funny!). He said it worked really well. So I thought I'd give this homeopathic item a try and didn't notice any difference with my pain. When my daughter tried it, she said she didn't notice a difference either. So I cannot consider this product above average.
These pills taste a little like chalk, but when chewed, they disolve quickly. I got these with my teenage daughter in mind. She has extremely bad, double over, cry all night, kind of cramps. When she tried these PMS pills, she said they worked instantly, but very briefly....maybe an hour at the most. These can only be used every four hours, so she took Advil to help her over that peak. This girl has tried every PMS remedy she can, and nothing totally kills the pain. She suffers for two full days, with cramping, back aches, and bloating to the point of doubling over, and crying, and is unable to sleep all night while cramping. If only these pills would work longer, I would recommend them, but because they work so short of a span, I would say try something else. For mild cramps I would give this five stars, but if you are like my poor daughter, this won't help you the way you would like.
It's hard for me to say if these worked or not - I have really bad PMS, so I take them along with Midol, but I just can't stomach having to chew these up it's weird, chalky, ick. Dislike.
Not sure if it's me, the placebo effect, or if these really work, but they seem to have helped when I've used them after having a hard time falling asleep.
There is much to be said about the placebo effect, and perhaps that is the only affect these Homeopathic tablets provide. They are by no means a replacement for true sleeping pills but perhaps if you believe in them, you will find some kind of self induced relaxation. If there is any actual physical results from taking these 100% natural sleep aids, I did not feel it.If you really need to get to sleep, take a shot of NyQuil or something ;-) If you want to avoid putting medical crap in your system, perhaps something like this may help you. It did nothing for me, though, other than offer peace of mind that I wasn't pumping chemicals in to my system.They don't taste bad. So that's something.
I honestly didn't feel much difference using this product.  It didn't cause any unpleasant side effects, but I don't think it helped me fall asleep any more quickly or easily. My recommendation would be that people try it to see if it works for them.
These tablets won't knock you out, but they do indeed seem to have a calming, settling effect. If you're like me, you have the occassional night where your mind races (usually when I'm starting a new novel), the pillow feels hot on both sides, and you just can't relax. While these pills will not drag you down into slumber, the do help you to relax and calm down. When I took them, I was more able to control the mind-racing so that I could get to sleep. Please note that I still needed to clear my mind, these pills won't do it for you, but it does make it easier.The nice thing is that they are not habit-forming and don't have some of the effects of other, stronger sleeping pills like dry-mouth, difficulty waking up in the morning, or even headaches. I appreciate that because there is nothing worse than having trouble getting to sleep and then to add insult to injury, having trouble waking up in the morning.These really are a nice, gentle way to help you fall asleep and avoid that hang-over feeling the next morning.
I have had an insomnia since I was a teenager, but never wanted to take Ambien for fear of dependency & mood changes.  However, this relief product did have some mild effect over time. Nothing overly dramatic, but measurable.  Melatonin is still the best way to go for natural sleep help.
I gave these a try and I do believe they help though not entirely sure how effective they actually are.  They do have a pleasant taste and easy to take.  Not a bad product at all.
I can't use regular over the counter sleep aids because they cause restless legs....which keeps me awake.  So I was curious to try these although not that confident they would actually help me sleep better.  To my surprise and delight, the very first time I took this, I had the best night's sleep I've had for a very long time.  Thinking it might be coincidence, I waited a couple of weeks and then tried them again.  Once again, I slept very well.  I will say that they don't give you that drowsy, can't-stay-awake feeling.  After taking the second dose, I was up for more than an hour and didn't feel any effect.  However once I went to bed, I slept soundly and woke next morning refreshed and with none of the hangover feeling that I sometimes get from the OTC sleep aids.  I would definitely recommend these and will be keeping them on hand for those nights when I am having trouble sleeping or just need a really sound night's sleep.
I took these tablets a full 25 days before reviewing them. I found them to be really helpful for falling asleep, however I didn't notice much difference in being able to STAY asleep. In other words, I'm someone who will awaken at least once during the night. That pattern remained the same. However, I fell asleep much faster than when I take other remedies (herbs, vitamins, etc.). I don't really like melatonin...it gives me the wierdest dreams, and takes at least an hour before kicking in. I believe that you'd get the best results from this product if you combine it with something (like Valerian) that will help you stay asleep. I have heard it said that you shouldn't combine homeopathics with herbs, but I haven't had any trouble myself. You do have to pay attention to other habits when taking a homeopathic remedy: avoid caffeine several hours before taking as it will cancel the effect, also avoid mint(like in toothpaste, tea, etc.)use a different toothpaste like Tom's brand (they have variety of alternative flavors), don't eat anything with lots of sugar (too stimulating). One of the benefits of taking a homeopathic remedy is that it's GENTLE and doesn't interact with other meds. However, the meds may have an effect on the results. You can't expect a remedy like this to work if you're accustomed to a drug like Ambien, or other prescribed drugs. If that's the case you must detox from the meds since your body probably has built up some resistance.If your expectations are realistic, you shouldn't have a problem.The taste didn't bother me...it's pretty neutral (slightly sweet). If you're sensitive to things like that, crush up the tabs...put them in water...and drink it down. I recommend this product, and believe it would be really helpful for children, and those who shouldn't take a prescribed medication for sleep. It would also be helpful for elderly people as it won't \"drug a person\" in a way that would be harmful, and could be safely taken with respiratory difficulties, and other health problems that contraindicate CNS depressants.
What is there to say really?  They made my eyes tired but that was really about it.  If anything my body felt more awake and a little jittery even after taking these.  Might work for some, because it did make my eyes feel really tired.  But didn't really work for me.
I've suffered from severe neck pain and chronic lower back pain for over ten yrs. and very seldom do I manage to get more than 1 to 2 hrs sleep at a time. After taking high power narcotic pain relievers for over 6 or 7 yrs I've developed a pretty high tolerance to anything that's a pain reliever or sleep aid. I tried these just on the off chance that they might help and much to my surprise they have. I still have the neck and back pain but these seam to help me relax just enough that I can ignore the discomforts and get some sleep. I have got more restful sleep in the last 2 weeks than I have in yrs.Of course not all medications work the same or as well for everybody. But for the price of these and if they work for you they are a great deal. But if they don't work very well or at all for you, then you didn't loose much. If you have trouble sleeping I suggest that you give these a try, they couldn't hurt and they just might work for you.
i gave this product three good tries. but each time i tried it, something else came up to make me more resistant to it.the first was the taste. i could not get that chalky starchy taste out of my mouth or out of my mind after each try.the second was the texture after i chewed it. it was quite waxy and created an unpleasant sensation on my teeth.the third was i couldn't stay asleep through the night each time i tried it.so i have to pass on this product. i did, however get interested in other ways to de-stress and relax before bed that don't involve depressants or alcohol.i'm still looking...
I could discern no effects whatsoever from these sleep relief tablets at the prescribed dosage or when increasing the recommended dosage by 1 additional tablet.  While this product may have an effect for smaller people or at even larger dosage levels, meds are supposed to be effective at the recommended dosages on the label.  This review included 6 nights of varying dosages and mental states before taking.  I can only say that I believe that the amount of natural tryptophan in a medium serving of Thanksgiving turkey seems to have some noticeable minor effect upon me.  I would suggest that these tablets be compared to turkey by comparisons at family dinner but who would volunteer to go without turkey to take a pill instead?
My wife and I tried these tablets and we both think they provided some help sleeping.  I have quite a bit of pain from arthritis and have had to resort to a prescription sleeping aid.  In order to prevent becoming addicted to the prescription, I can only take it for two nights and then skip a night.  I tried Sleep Relief on the \"off\" night.  I think it helped, but in my case it is only marginal.  My wife reports better results, with a fairly clear effect.  If you're a light sleeper these are certainly worth a try.  Since everyone is different, the results will vary from person to person.
you have to take 2 instead of one like most & it didn't help me get to sleep as well as the cheapest melatonin tablets you can buy. I prefer Schiff products, work everytime & faster with only one.
This is another non-FDA approved hit or miss.  If it works for you, it means that you can now take sleeping pills that do not have any drugs inside and are much safer than over-the-counter sleeping pills.  However, as with most non-FDA approved products, there is no evidence that it will work for anyone.  Good news is that it is not too expensive to try out nor they are difficult to take, so if they work for you, this could be a winner.
tried it, didn't seem to help me get to sleep any faster nor stay asleep without waking up. didn't seem to make any difference in getting back to sleep if i wake up in the night either. might work for some but didn't seem to work well for me.
I have issues with occasional sleeplessness and have used melatonin supplements with great success to get back on track since I'm not fond of other sleep relief drugs, so I was very curious to give this product a try. Unfortunately, it didn't get me to sleep and had no effect on my mind's restlessness as it explained on the box.At the very least I had hoped that I would be mellow enough to sit in bed and drift off to sleep eventually, but even that did not happen.  After nights of annoyance waiting for that drowsy feeling, I gave up altogether and went back to my melatonin standby to get a wonky sleep cycle back on track.  Melatonin can give me crazy vivid dreams, and since this Sleep Relief product gave me no sleep, at least I didn't have that side effect, so maybe 1/2 a star for that. I wasn't a fan of having to chew the tablets as instructed for them to work but, 1/2 star for not having an offensive taste and 1 star for the cute packaging.
Pro: This product will get you to sleep. It's mild & has no apparent side-effects. It's natural.Cons: Very much like valerian root, the product only seems to aid in getting me to sleep, but not keeping my asleep as Ambien does.Conclusion: If you have no problem staying asleep, but simply need help relaxing enough to get there, then this product is for you. If you'd like a natural, more healthy alternative to prescription drugs like Ambien, this is the product for you.
I'm the type of a person who has enough sleep issues that I'm troubled by them now and then but nothing serious enough to warrant a doctor's care.  I've tried different items on the market for mine.  Yes, every so often I need a powerful sleeping pill to conk me out, but in general what I need is something to relax me enough to encourage sleep.  This is a great product for someone who doesn't need something super powerful, but just something to help them relax and get back into a sleep schedule.The dose of two pills is quite mild, so I do not recommend taking half-doses (for adults).  I appreciate the chewing nature of these rather than the need to swallow, this makes them all the more practical when a glass of water isn't available.Best of all, this does not leave me groggy the next morning.People who lean toward natural medicine will appreciate the more gentle ingredients that are still quite effective.Very pleased with this product.
The origin of homeopathy makes historic sense. At the time, ordinary medical treatments were rather violent, consisting of blood-letting, violent purges, and other harmful treatments that were as likely to harm you as they were to heal. People rightly feared the so-called \"heroic measures\" in use at the time, so the advent of a kinder gentler form of medical treatment, based upon an odd idea that like cures like and that less is more was probably no worse, and possibly better than anything mainstream medicine had to offer. The fact that it probably relied mostly upon the placebo effect, and the body's natural ability to heal itself, given decent conditions, made it seem worthwhile.Those days are over. We now have medical treatments that we know from the molecular level on up how and why they work. As a result, anyone with an actual serious medical condition for which there is a medical treatment available is not going to try homeopathy. Kidney failure? Heart attack? Colon cancer? Diabetes? Asthma? I doubt if any company is making and selling homeopathic remedies for these sorts of conditions. But there are certain conditions that aren't exactly medical emergencies--insomnia, jet lag, stress, colic in babies, teething in babies, colds and flu, PMS. Modern medicine may not have anything to offer, or what they have may have more side effects than can be justified (or the trip to the doctor may cost more than the remedy is worth.) Into this gap steps homeopathy. So what if its effects are mainly placebo? Nobody ever died of jet lag in the first place, and if you think you feel better then that's all that matters.Insomnia is the likeliest place to apply the placebo effect. All that is really requires in most cases is that you relax a bit and you will fall asleep eventually. So if taking two little sugar pills assures you that you are getting sleepy, v e r y v e r y s l e e p y, well why not?But I have a prescription for Ambien, and I have these pills. I was willing to hope that maybe these would work just as well as an actual prescription medication (which does come with certain risks.) But I've compared and contrasted the two, and Ambien is more reliable in getting me to sleep when I can't fall asleep at bedtime or when I awake at 3 am, far too early to get up. I've tried the homeopathic pills over several weeks, and last night I tried them both. I awoke at 3 am, and so I chewed two Sleep Relief. At 4 am, I was still awake, so I took half an Ambien. I fell asleep within 15 minutes and next thing I knew it was 7:30 and I was waking up.So I conclude that this product will do no harm, but it also may do no good. Or maybe it will be just what you need to allow you to stop stressing and fall asleep naturally. Probably the biggest downside to it is that you go to sleep with your mouth bathed in lactose, and it could be bad for your teeth. But other than that, any chemical ingredients are too infinitesimal to actually have any effect whatsoever.
I'm a lover of AMBIEN and never experienced some of the side effects that come with that sweet, little, white pill... so... I was hesitant to give this a shot.  I gave in one night and chewed (yes, chewed) 2 of these and laid myself down for a nice long rest.  I remember laying there thinking I would somehow miraculously doze off after having all thoughts removed from my head (I'm a worrier).  Next thing I knew, it was morning and I was refreshed and off for a day of whatever came my way!  I haven't tried it again but would...  It would be nice to take something a bit \"cleaner\" than AMBIEN.
As a long time insomniac, I have used a number of products over the years, including prescription sleeping pills to get a decent nights sleep. I have tried herbal remedies with only moderate success, and have had varying success with prescription medications (some have worked well, others have had varying side effects). To try these, I went for three nights with nothing (except perhaps a lot of tossing and turning) to be sure that nothing else I use would mask or increase the effect of these pills. They did little for me the first night, a little more on the second night and worked well by the third night with one exception. On the third night I developed vivid and very strange dreams. This is a side effect I have had with prescription sleep medications in the past, and I have learned to immediately discontinue use when this problem occurs.I was actually saddened that I could not continue to use these, as they seemed to work fairly well for me and are made from natural products. The dreams, however, are a sure sign that they are doing something in the brain that could be dangerous, so I had to quit taking them. Much like prescription medications for sleep, the results will vary with the individual. I would recommend trying them if you have trouble sleeping, as they may work well for you.  If you do develop any unusual sleep or dream patterns, then it is time to discontinue use and try other products.
I'm not a big believer in homeopathic medicine but my wife and I tried this with my preteen daughter. It seemed to help her sleep but it is unclear how much of it is the pill and how much of it is the ritual of getting up, interacting with parents, getting medicine, and then going to bed with confidence that one will now be able to sleep.
This is no better than taking Melatonin, and its a lot more expensive. However, experience varies, according health professionals, so try it if you need extra help falling asleep. It might be great for you!
We have used homeopathic remedies for many years, some quite successfully.  We also know how to use them (i.e. nothing in your mouth at least 30 minutes prior, or 15 minutes after use, no mint that could counteract some remedies, don't touch them before they go into your mouth, etc.).  And we also know that the placebo effect is very real in some cases (though certainly not all) of a homeopathic remedy being effective.First, the ingredients seem to be simply a listing of some commonly used single homeopathic remedies for sleep or relaxation, and they're all 30c potency.  That would not suggest to me that there has been significant legitimate research done on this product.  We have no problem with combination remedies, and in fact use some ourselves.  In our experience, we've found that 30c potencies are more typically used for chronic  or at least longer term conditions, and that something in the 12x or 15x range would be more appropriate for non-chronic sleep problems (which is what the advertising seems to suggest it's for).  Also, the product description says it \"can be taken with other medicines.\"  Nowhere on the packaging does it say how to properly take this product, yet if the user actually takes it WITH another medication, it defeats the proper use of a homeopathic remedy (not taking it before or after having eaten or having anything to drink).  Some homeopathic practitioners recommend NOT using other medications that are designed to be used for the same symptoms, even if taken at times other than the homeopathic remedy.  So even if the two are not taken at the same time, there is still a question about how well it might work.With that said, it was very hard to determine if this remedy was useful or not.  The first night my wife used it, she slept remarkably well, and was very hopeful.  But on some nights after that she had difficulty sleeping and even ended up taking 1/4 of a \"conventional\" sleep aid some nights (which is why we got this product - for her to try to get off the other).  It may help some, and may have been mildly helpful here, but not conclusively.  We'll give it 3 stars just because it may work, and we're not willing to \"trash\" it just based on one person's experience.
Took 20 tablets over 3 hours. Nothing. Homeopathy should be banned - herbology should not THAT is entirely different. At best throw this \"Sleep Relief\" homeopathic medicine in the trash and get some opium.
I have tried a couple of the homeopathic products on Amazon.  The headache relief was a disappointment, but this product does actually work for me and it worked for my wife last night.  It works about as well as taking a diphenhydramine HCl based sleep aid, but with more natural ingredients, and less of a \"hangover\" in the morning.  What do I mean by that?  You wake up rested rather than groggy, like the medicine is still in action.If you battle insomnia and are worried about the chemicals you are pumping through your system, this is definitely worth a try.
This is a pretty effective sleep aid.  I usually can't sleep all through the night, but this was pretty effective with no side effects.
I am plagued by not sleeping enough.  I don't fall asleep well sometimes, most other times I don't stay asleep.  There are nights I get zero sleep until about 4 am and then I have to be up in 45 minutes.  It's hell on those nights.  And it happens a lot - not once or twice a year.  About two years ago I was practically living on Tylenol PM - but then switched over to Melatonin - or Knock Out.  And then I did nothing for a while and then of course the insomnia roared back in full force.  It's weird but my kids have this too.  I asked the pediatrician what was wrong with them and she said that sleep is a bell curve - between 5 or 6 hours to 14 hours with 8 hours in the middle.  We are the outliers on the low side.  GREAT.  Other research I have read says that you should sleep for 9-10 hours a night!I tried this product and in 20-30 minutes I got the really great signal from my body that I was tired.  I know it is going to be a good night when I get that signal, it happens rarely.  I took them around 10 pm and for sure by 10:30 I was down and out.  Actually going to sleep took less than two minutes.  I woke up naturally, no alarm - at 7:28 am.  WOW - I can't believe it - I keep using my fingers to count  - that's NINE hours!!  I took my eye masque off and earplugs out - (I have all the tools of insomniacs) and was blinded by the light.  THAT NEVER HAPPENS.Of course the kids were awake - already done having breakfast at the breakfast table.  But I felt pretty great.  NINE HOURS.  Wow.  I didn't feel \"hung over\" like from the OTC solutions, either.  Moving easily, thinking clearly and relatively happy.  And to think this is how some people get to wake up every morning.The dose is two small tablets, you chew them - leave them in your mouth before swallowing (don't try this with melatonin) and results are felt about 20 minutes later.  It's a good product that really worked.  I also have the HOMEOSTASIS LABS Stress Relief product and that works well, too.There are two small drawbacks - the packaging makes me a bit nuts - it's hard to figure out the slide down bottom box.  And I think the cost probably far exceeds what you can get melatonin or one of the OTC Nighttime pills for.  But it's worth it to not have the groggy next morning and to sleep great for nine hours - which I never was able to do with melatonin nor Tylenol PM.  I will always have a box of these around.
First off, let me say I work night shifts. I have worked this shift for many years that even on my days off, I am awake while everybody is sleeping and vice-versa. This has been the norm in my professional life. I try to relax when I get home to build up the momentum to go to sleep but there are times where you are just overwhelmed by the intrinsic biological trait that nature has built within you---nights are for sleeping and mornings are for waking. So naturally, there will be times I would try to \"defeat\" this natural pattern to be able to go to sleep for tonight's work. I do not have any illness so I cannot ask any RX sleeping meds for my doctor so I try everything that is OTC or readily available. I have tried those flu meds a handful of times but I'm afraid of messing something up in my body because it is technically a narcotic. So scratch this one out. Those OTC sleep aids sometimes works but it is not strong enough to maintain a sound, solid sleep. This is true with theHomeostasis Labs Sleep Relief, 50-Count. After taking this, there are times when it has \"induced\" me to sleep and there are times when absolutely nothing happens at all. So results does vary and they are very inconsistent. On the times it has helped me sleep, it was not enough to maintain a hold on a good sleep. There simply is no strength with this sleep aid that will be able to give you a sound, solid sleep compared to taking an RX. The good side with this sleep aid is that its ingredients are all natural. There are no chemical compounds that will make it addictive or be detrimental to your health (at least that's what the product description says). So there it is, like one of the reviewers here, I have to agree that results from taking this sleep aid will vary.
I had such high hopes for this product. I am peri-menopausal and can barely sleep without aid. I wanted something non-medicinal. These little chewable pills (no bad taste) relaxed me a very, very little but had absolutely no effect on my sleep. I was up until well after 6:00 a.m.  I decided to let my 19 year old daughter, who is an uptight, over wound colllege student, try them. She said she had minimal relaxation and that they had no effect on her getting any sleep. In conclusion, minimal relaxation and not a good sleep aid.
My wife uses an over the counter sleep aid and this would be a nice product for her.The problem is, they just do not work well enough for her to fall asleep.She used them, as directed, for four nights and feels they have no affect.She is back to the over the counter sleep aid and these are sitting on the shelf.
Being a light sleeper, I've recently given in to suggestions by friends and relatives to try taking something like Tylenol PM to help me sleep when needed. I've tried Motrin PM and found it works well for me if I take it early enough in the evening to ensure I wake on time the next day. Of course, there are many times when it is too late to take a sleep aid by the time I realize I may need one.So when I found the Homeostasis Labs Sleep Relief pills, I thought perhaps they may work better for me. I wanted something to help me sleep, but still allow me to wake with relative ease when the alarm sounded.The first time I took these pills, I became very sick - call in to work sick, actually. It felt like I had a severe cold or mild flu. Because of this, I was extremely reluctant to try the Homeostasis Labs Sleep Relief pills again for some time, worried that I may have had some kind of reaction to them and not being interested in repeating it.I finally broke down and tried them again. I didn't become sick either the second or third time that I tried them, so I think that becoming sick the first time was merely coincidence.That said, I'm not sure how much they really helped me as a sleep aid. One of my biggest issues is that it is often hard for me to settle down and go to sleep. I find myself restless at bedtime with a dozen or so topics running through my head at once. I need more help getting to sleep than staying asleep, although the latter is important as well. I don't believe the Homeostasis Labs Sleep Relief helped me get to sleep at all.Once I did fall asleep, I did sleep pretty well. I really can't say if the pills contributed to my nocturnal success though.The real kicker for me is the method of ingestion. Where most pills can be swallowed whole, Homeostasis Labs Sleep Relief require the pills be chewed and completely dissolved in the mouth before swallowing in order to be effective. I really did not enjoy this at all. While the pills don't taste absolutely terrible, they don't taste good and I found it difficult to stomach the idea of chewing them each time I took them, with my reluctance growing with each experience.For that reason, I've stopped taking them. If they were extremely effective at both getting me to sleep and keeping me asleep, I may be able to tolerate the dosing method. As it is, I'm going back to Motrin PM.
I wanted this product to work -- fellow sleepless nod their heads: of course you did, dear -- and I hope that for some it just may.  But this is not for my circumstances.  Not even a little bit.Anxiety: unquelled.  Hyperalert: as ever. Possibly even piqued, if a little bit blunted.The modulation offered seems less comforting than obtrusive, so happily short-lived: if one has had acquaintance with the nastier sides of human nature, especially if that acquaintanceship is of the socially displacing sort, one is not so interested in this sort of obstruction.I can't recommend this to victims of or witnesses to violent crime. It's not the thing.There are other products in the homeopathy and ayurvedic aisles that I find copacetic.If you're cool with stevia, selenium, and a whiff of muscle relaxant, you might give this a try.  Maybe just don't take it with Traumeel, by Heel: this one has arnica right at the top, and you probably already had plenty. That other line's sleep and allergy aids are top notch.  No matter what formula you try, always read the label and talk it over with your local sage on such things: you can very easily overdo the most organic and alternative of therapies, and some of 'em are as stealth-addictive as the newfangled synthetics.This neither calmed nor amused, just annoyed until the halflife passed and I got all back to normal.
What excited me about this product were some of the phrases on the box such as \"100%  Natural\" and \"No Side Effects.\" I've tried various products, but none have helped when I have trouble sleeping. Sadly, this product was no different. That said, it wasn't a total loss.Though it never made me sleepy, it did help with the muscles in my legs that imitate symptoms like restless leg syndrome. In addition, when I pushed myself exercising, Sleep Relief helped my sore muscles more so than taking over-the-counter pain reliever. So, this really serves to relax my muscles verses a sleep aid.It's hard for me to rate this properly. As a sleep aid, it didn't help, but as a muscle relaxer, it's a winner. I can't see giving it a low rating because there were benefits.
All my life I have had trouble falling asleep.  I have seen several doctors and taken various prescription pills that mostly left me sleepless with unpleasant side effects.  A few medications helped me sleep the first night or two I took them, then nothing but miserable drowsiness.I've taken these Homeostasis Labs Sleep Relief pills about ten times and have fallen asleep quickly about six or seven of those nights.  That's a very good percentage for me, so I have to say I am quite pleased.  I will buy them again, and I may try some of their other products.Side effects?  None.  Absolutely none.  No drowsiness the next day.So all in all, I would say if you have trouble sleeping, try them.  Everyone is different, and the causes of sleeplessness vary, but there is a good chance the pills will help.  They are not very expensive, and I can't find a downside to trying them.
Without doing a double blind study with a large group of test subjects, it is impossible to evaluate the efficacy of this product. Any of the reviews you read here will be subjective at best. Keep that in mind while reading.I tried this product 4 times when I woke up in the middle of the night.  Two times I fell back asleep quickly, the other two times I didn't.  It is hard to know if these did anything at all.  As mentioned in by another reviewer, these contain lactose.  I am lactose intolerant.  It had no negative effect on me.  That doesn't meant it won't on you.  You've been warned...
Being a big believer in homeopathic medicines, I was excited to try this product. For several years, I have had difficulty staying asleep for more than an hour or two, and lately have also had difficulty falling asleep, sometimes lying in bed for two to three hours without falling asleep, even when I'm extremely tired.I used this product for two nights, about one week apart. I read and followed the directions given, but with no noticeable  results. I did not fall asleep faster, nor did the product enabled me to stay asleep once I fell asleep. The good news is that I did not experience any \"hangover\" the next morning either time.Although I was disappointed, I can't say that the product won't work for anyone else. I think every body's physical reaction is different. In my case the product didn't work, but for the price it may well be worth your while to try it yourself.I would still prefer to use homeopathic products over drug company chemicals when possible, so I may yet try other products by this company.
I hesitate to write this review, because a few people are apparently benefitting from the placebo affect of these sugar pills. I really can't stand the idea that a company is making money selling people a lie, however.Notice that you can't find any information on how much of each ingredient is in these? There's a reason for that; the idea of homeopathy is that ingredients that have one effect in significant doses will do the opposite in incredibly small doses. How small? In a typical homeopathic \"remedy\" the ingredients are diluted so much that there is, statistically, NONE of it left. That's right. I said NONE. Not a single molecule, in most cases. The claim by homeopaths is that the water has some sort of \"memory\" of the substance that was once diluted with it. If you think I'm joking, look it up. I know it sounds so ludicrous it's unbelievable, but that's homeopathy.And this isn't about Western Medicine versus alternative medicine. Even practitioners of alternative medicine often distance themselves from homeopathy! The following is a quote from the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine:\"Homeopathy is a controversial area of CAM [Complementary and Alternative Medicine] because a number of its key concepts are not consistent with established laws of science (particularly chemistry and physics). Critics think it is implausible that a remedy containing a miniscule amount of an active ingredient (sometimes not a single molecule of the original compound) can have any biological effect--beneficial or otherwise. For these reasons, critics argue that continuing the scientific study of homeopathy is not worthwhile. Others point to observational and anecdotal evidence that homeopathy does work and argue that it should not be rejected just because science has not been able to explain it.\"I'm sorry to ruin the placebo affect for people who read this review, but I feel that people should know that this company is selling nothing more than a sugar pill.
Wonderful product. I fall asleep and awaken without feeling groggy or 'drugged' in any way. A quality product.
It's hard to say if these tablets are helping or not.  I can't use normal sleeping pills since they wipe me out for about 16 hours.  With these pills, I am falling asleep a little easier but I don't know if it's the pills or not.  Worth a try if you don't want to take regular sleeping pills.
Ever since I started taking an oral chemo drug about 1 1/2 years ago, insomnia has been a huge problem. I went about eight months without a good night's sleep, and when my oncologist wouldn't help me out, I talked to my family doctor, who prescribed a very mild sleep aid. Most of the time it works, but some nights I toss and turn for hours. Since this medication is supposed to be fine with any other medication, I thought it was worth a try. I took it on two consecutive nights without my prescribed sleep aid, and I tossed and turned for about four hours each night before finally dropping off to sleep. On another night when my prescribed sleeping pill didn't work, I tried chewing a couple of these, and they didn't work then, either. I'm sure they must work for some people, but I'm not one of them. My advice would be to try the smallest quantity available to see if they work for you. If so, it's a wonderful, natural alternative, but if they don't help, you'll know it right away.
This was not very helpful for me, and I did not like the chalky after taste. I have horrible insomnia so Im not suprise it brought little aid...that said I would still recommend you give this a try. I think it could aid in mild occassional sleeplessness, your reaction maybe be better than mine like many others here I think it is a hit or miss thats worth trying!
I don't believe in homeopathic \"medicine\" but I do have trouble falling asleep so I thought, \"why not?\"  I've tried kava, melatonin, valerian, etc with no results.  The makers of Sleep Relief claim it is safe, non-addicting, natural, yadda yadda.  If anything, I figured it would do nothing and no harm done.  Then again, I thought that perhaps even for a skeptic the product might have some placebo effect.  I decided to take Sleep Relief for seven nights and then write a review.After three nights of worse-than-normal restlessness, racing thoughts, frequent waking, HORRIFIC, vivid nightmares, and this morning, a searing migraine headache, I am stopping the experiment.I can't say the product caused my problems, but it most certainly DID NOT HELP ME SLEEP.Throw your hard-earned money away on quack cures if you want to.  I'm sticking with hot milk.
Having used Ambien for a while now, I'm always on the lookout for non-prescription medications to help me with my sleep problems because I'd really like to be pharmaceutical free someday.Seldom do I find anything that works, but I'm always willing to give anything a chance so I dediced to try this homeopathic remedy when offered.Results after 15 days of the recommend dosage:  Didn't do a thing.  Nothing.  Didn't even feel drowsy.  Only thing it actually did was leave a bitter, chalky taste in my mouth.
As an insomniac, I am always looking for something to help me.  I used this product for five nights with no noticeable improvement in falling asleep or staying asleep; in fact, on one of those nights I didn't sleep at all.  I cannot recommend these sleep aides and will not use them again.
I have tried so many different vitamin and tea blends to help me get to sleep. My mind is so full of running thoughts I can't turn it off most nights... My savior is Ambien and since I started taking these I have not needed one Ambien! I am still in awe, but these really work for me. It has been three weeks and after taking two pills, letting slowly dissolve in my mouth and then swallowing it really works.. Soon as I know it its morning and I am in disbelief that I actually slept through the night and feel good in the morning. I am going to continue to order these, as they really really work for me!!!
I suffer from different aspects of insomnia from trouble falling asleep to trouble sleeping longer than a few hours.  I've had success with different treatments in the past, both homeopathic and pharmaceutical, but over time become more resistant and so I have to cycle through different things in order to find them effective.  I'm always looking for new things to try.Homeostatis Labs Sleep Relief has a benign, easily tolerable taste.  I tried it both at the recommended strength and at double strength over the course of several nights and both when I first tried to fall asleep and when I woke in the middle of the night.  I didn't find it helpful for me at all.  It's certainly milder than melatonin and other natural alternatives I've used in the past.However, as someone who has used homeopathics in the past, I know that what works for one person may not work for another, and vice versa.  I appreciate that its formulated not to interfere with prescription drugs and I'd not discourage anyone from giving it a try to see if it might work for you.  I wish it did for me!
I suffer from occasional insomnia and wanted to try a homeopathic product so gave these a shot.  I didn't feel the results of drowsiness leading to a nice restful night of sleep.  I'll stick to Extra Strength Excedrin PM for those nights I am having difficulty sleeping as they seem to get the job done.
I know that many products that proclaim they will help you sleep are placebos.  That is what I think of this product.I tried it three times and in each case, it just plain did nothing.  Warm milk was more effective.Now, one should realize that many drugs, even those that are found effective in clinical studies, only work for some percentage of the population.  So, basically, nothing works for everyone.  And just because it did not work for me does not mean it will not work for you.So I can only review this product for how it worked for me.  It didn't.  It did nothing.
I don't sleep well.  I'm always tired, but when I go to lay down for bed, I can't get to sleep because my mind keeps racing along thinking.  I thought I would give this a try really hoping for good results.  Unfortunately, it did not work at all.  I followed the directions and chewed up 2 tablets shortly before bed.  I was barely sleepy an hour later, but had begun to get a migraine.  My mind was still racing and I did not get a good night's sleep.  By 4am (went to bed at 10pm) I was awake and my migraine was worse forcing me to take my prescription migraine medication.It was terrible for me and I would not recommend it for anyone with migraines unless you are certain that none of the ingredients will bother you. They all may be \"homeopathic\" and \"natural,\" but lots of things are natural and not good for you.  For me, this was a mistake and I wish I hadn't taken it. I should have listened when my husband told me not to take it.  Yes, I'm a wife admitting my husband was right.Active Ingredients are:Arsenicum album, Coffea cruda, Nitricum acidum, Rhus toxicodendron, Selenium, and Zincum metallicum.Inactive ingredients are:lactose, magnesium sterate, and stevia leaf extract.
I go through regular spells of insomnia when things get stressful at my job, and have recently been experiencing a bout.  I've used these tablets the last two nights, and both times I feel asleep within five minutes, instead of my usual 45-60 minutes.  I followed the directions, and chewed two tablets right before bed, and then feel asleep right away.  Unlike sleeping pills, these have no nasty \"sleeping pill hangover\" the next day, and I slept soundly through the night both nights I took them, even though I had been getting up in the middle of the night to use the restroom.I will be sure to update my review if my opinion of these changes, but, for now, they are great, and I'm eager to try more of Homeostasis Labs' other products since these are working so well for me!
I HONESTLY COULDN'T TELL ANY DIFFERENCE ,ALTHOUGH I FALL ASLEEP PRETTY EASILY ANYWAY I PROBABLY WASN'T THE BEST TEST SUBJECT!
It's really hard to test out something that is fairly \"fuzzy\" like a sleep aid, especially if your sleep is being affected by stress. That is, let's say you are given a pill and you're told it will help you sleep more easily and you don't have to worry about tossing and turning and being exhausted. You now relax because you are sure this will be a good thing. Because you relax, you sleep well! So the pill could have nothing but dust in it and you're now sleeping quietly because you have quieted your mind of the stress. The mind is a fairly amazing thing.So I tried some experiments with these Homeostasis Sleep Relief pills.First, I'm pleased with the box itself. It seems to be all cardboard and recyclable, which is a good thing. It's odd the way it opens, but that can be figured out. The two little white pills are gentle in flavor and dissolve easily. You don't have to swallow them. A plus in my book. So the process of taking them is easy.Now what I did first is tell myself that these would work great, because they were made by a company which makes countless other similar products. They were established! They were good at this! I encouraged complete faith in my mind that these would help me relax, drift off, and I didn't have to worry about a thing. Sure enough, when I lay down, I relaxed, the stresses of my mind faded, and I was able to sleep.I gave it a few days.The next time I did my experiment, I gave myself the mindset that \"one never knows\" with these herbal concoctions. They might work for some people, but not for others. Plus, I had already optimized my bedroom for sleeping. It's a soft, comfortable mattress and pillow. There are double-thick shades on the windows to make it very dark. I have a noise machine / air filter. I drink chamomile tea. I meditate and clear my mind. If all of this is still not working perfectly, it would be questionable (although not impossible) that this pill would be the deciding factor.  When I went to bed with that mindset, I felt perhaps more sluggish, but I did not fall asleep immediately. I tossed and turned a bit before falling asleep.OK another few days.Now I went for the full bore skeptic. Clearly if this stuff worked then it'd be featured in every drug store and we'd see lots of ads for it. People would be raving about how all-natural-ingredients repeatedly trounced hard core medical products in the tests. Everyone would be cheering that they no longer had to take their powerful drugs. Clearly this was a farce. It was worse than not taking anything, because now people were wasting their money for no reason. This stuff isn't free, after all. Taking these pills was like throwing money out the window.With that mindset, I didn't sleep at all after taking them. I was awake for *hours*. It's not that I even though about them during those hours. It's not like I was tossing and turning thinking \"those darn pills they didn't work\". They really didn't enter my mind at all. I was thinking about the normal stresses in my life.So for me it seems VERY much to be a placebo effect. If you take them and think they will help reduce your stress, then you will relax and they WILL reduce your stress. If you build a belief in your brain that you sleep better when you take them, then the times you don't take them you will worry about how you will sleep and therefore you won't sleep as well.If you're having stress related sleep issues then I still think the best solution is to ADDRESS those issues. Find ways to manage and remove that stress. Yes you can't remove the SITUATION that causes the stress - but you can always manage your *responses* to it. That's the key and that does work!
These didn't work at all for me, so I had my husband try them.  They didn't work for him either.  When I gave them to my adult son, they did work -- but he felt drugged the entire next day.  I don't recommend these.
I was skeptical at first, naturally. The only other sleep aid I've had experience with is Ambien, which works pretty well, but can cause waking fugue states and a real fatigue hang-over if you don't have time to sleep it off. This is far more mellow. Just chewed two up before bed time and read myself drowsy, and didn't have my usual trouble drifting off, then didn't have trouble waking up the next day. I've used them for over a week now without problems; one night I got less than seven hours and was drowsy the next day, but not terribly so, and that's normal. The true test was going without for a night, at which point I did indeed have more trouble falling asleep than previous nights where I took them, but it didn't seem worse than before I tried the product. Insomnia can be a very real, yet often sporadic curse. If like me you're leery of prescription sleep-aids, these are definitely at least worth trying.
I read the ingredients and what their purpose was.  Then I decided to research each ingredient because I hadn't heard of them.  Who knew arsenic and poison ivy could be used for insomnia relief?  While these didn't help me get to sleep, they did help me settle down.  I took them a few different times and while I didn't get to sleep, I was able to just lay quietly and rest.  Normally, my mind races and I feel restless, but these took those symptoms away.  I was still awake, but at least I wasn't continuing to drain myself.  I give these 3 out of 5 stars.  I'll take an awake, though restful night, over complete sleeplessness.
I have always had trouble staying asleep. Often, I will have an \"On the clock\" night where I will wake up \"Every Hour, on the Hour\". And while these are a pretty good sleep aid by themselves, they are especially good for those nights where you already took an OTC sleep aid. Yes, you can still take two of these on those really bad nights.Oh and I also love the box they come in. No foil and plastic card or \"everyone proof\" safety bottles. That's the last thing you want to see at 4 am.
I have tried these tablets 4 times so far and have found them to do nothing for me.  I had a cross country red-eye flight the other day and thought that would be a great opportunity to try these.  I can never sleep on planes, especially red-eyes so I followed the directions on the package and took 2 tablets prior to takeoff.  Like very other flight, I was restless and was unable to sleep.After returning from my trip, I tried these on 3 consecutive nights to help me re-adjust to my daily schedule but, again they did nothing.  In fact, I seemed to wake up more often than usual after only 2 or 3 hours of sleep.I would not recommend these.  I get better results with Tylenol PM.
I have tried homeopathic remedies in the past and have never really found any that I noticed a good difference using them. This however changed my opinion of homeopathic remedies. I have joint and muscle pain and just about every night take an Advil before bed. I often wake during the night and wake up feeling tired. I have tried various other sleep remedies like melatonin and relaxation techniques without much effect. I noticed better sleep in as little as two nights after taking two tablets before bed. I now take these every night! They help me to have a much better sleep. I will continue to take these as long as I am seeing results. They may be of help to you if you are not getting a restful sleep. Definitely worth trying.
I've found empirically that some homeopathic remedies work for me and others don't- though their effects on other people vary from mine.  So a person must try a particular one to see if it will work for him/her.  This particular product is pretty strong as homeopathic products go--most of the ingredients are 30c or 30 x 100 = 3000 operations. Many others are only say 30x = 30 X 10 =300.  So it did work pretty well for me.  On the other hand, it contains lactose--not so hot if you're lactose intolerant.  It does use stevia for its sweetness--which makes a lot of sense; sugar tends to wake you up, at least initially--when this product is supposed to help you sleep!  If you try it and it doesn't seem to work--try it on an empty stomach and avoid any strong aromas even if they're from topical medications you may be using.  The box doesn't tell you this, but it's pretty standard for homeopathic remedies in general.  If it still doesn't work, try using the herb Valerian Root--e.g.Nature's Way - Valerian Root, 530 mg, 180 capsules
While I didn't experience any adverse symptoms (at least none that I can attribute to this product with certainty), I cannot say I experienced obvious relief, either.I tend to experience anxiety at bedtime for fear of not being to fall asleep as quickly as I want to, and from time to time I do have to get out of bed for another cup of warm milk or turn on the lights to do some reading or relaxing activity before I can finally fall asleep. My sleep quality is 
After taking almost a total of 24 hours flight from the far east, I took 2 pills to help me alleviate my jet lag, it did make me drowsy and help me relaxed; but it does not ultimately lulled me to sleep which is what I was expecting. It is marketed as a general cure for sleeplessness, PMS, stress, jetlags, etc. And as an all natural remedy is good to me.I also tried it just to jump for an earlier sleep than usual after long day of work, the result is too small to be very convincing.The pills are easy to take as they are chewables. Not too bad to taste although it reminds you of the taste similar to a sweetened chalk.Overall, too mild to really be an effective cure for the different conditions as specified.
I needed to sleep before a big work day, but I couldn't. I tossed and turned for a little while, and then took one of these. I fell asleep in 30 minutes but I think I would have anyway. I don't think I would take these again, but instead Benadryl or Excedrin PM, which seem to have a faster effect time for me. They are natural, which may be more of a plus for some people than me, but then again, I don't have sleep problems very often.
I often have difficulty getting to sleep and I've tried the Homeostasis product several times. For the most part, it did not help at all. On other nights, I did find myself getting to sleep easier but I'm not sure if other factors were involved. I believe other natural remedies (meditation, environment, etc.) would work just as well as this product.
I picked these up for my husband who unfortunately has occasional insomnia.  He used these for 2 weeks straight and did not find that they worked at all.  I would not recommend these to a friend based this experience.
I'm not one who these kinds of \"alternative\" remedies usually works on. I'm not particularly susceptible to the placebo effect. And since I had serious doubts about this anyway, the placebo effect wouldn't have worked. Their headache one did NOT work for me. But this one works! Several times so far. Helps me get to, and stay, asleep. Safer than Ambien I'm sure.
Homeostasis Labs Sleep Relief 50-tablets did indeed do what it is supposed to do - to achieve a restful night full of sleep without interruption.  With the easy to dispense box and helpful directions, the ingredients and warnings, the product provides the convenience for consumers to take two chewable tablets before bed, which appears to have a very faint sugary taste.This is only an alternative to finding a relief from sleepless nights.  Otherwise, other natural remedies, or simply a warm glass of milk may do the trick.
I'm always reluctant to try a homeopathic remedy out of fear they will not work. This product not only worked, it worked so well that I found I only needed half the dose the package recommended. I can endorse this product wholeheartedly. From my experience I found that the product works better for me if I take it an hour or more before I go to bed. It is slow to get started but works well without the crappy feeling that over the counter sleep aids have.
Sometimes because of a hectic work schedule my bedtimes greatly vary.  Because of this I often have trouble falling asleep, so I decided to give Sleep Relief a try.  The packaging promised, \"safe with no side effects\" so the splitting headache came as a surprise two hours after use.  A tip-off that this product would be less that affective when the directions stated to take 2 pills before bedtime - the same dosage no matter if you weigh 90 pounds or 400 pounds.  I would not use this product again nor would I recommended to anyone.
Appears to work.  Used 2 nights so far and have gotten some sleep from it.  I think it might be a good ideal to take a little before bed time to give it time to take effect before you go to bed.  If you take right at bed time, it will take a little while to kick in.
If you are ever possessed of industrial strength insomnia, you will not be reaching for the homeopathic solution. I have tried many, and with mixed results. Valerian, Hylands Calmz, even tryptophan and so many more seem to work best when the non-sleeper believes they will. If you are lightly stressed and need a little help dropping off, then I think these will do fine. If you find yourself up at 3:30 AM with the wheels turning and that brain-tape running, chances are they are going to be of little help.
This will help put me to sleep within 15 minutes, which says alot since I'm often wide awake hours past my bedtime.  I usually sleep for 30 minutes to an hour before I wake up again.  It takes a few minutes to get back to sleep, but I continue to wake up all night long.  If I take 3 pills, instead of the recommended 2, I fall asleep faster and wake up less often and stay awake for shorter periods of time.  It definitely helps me more than not taking anything at all.  It's not as good as some of the over-the-counter sleep aids, but those leave me groggy in the morning and sometimes it's impossible to get up on time for work, so I save those for the weekends.
I tried this pills and liked the fact they are 100% natural but my body needs stronger meds to help me fully fall asleep. These relaxed me but did not make me truly drowsy and I stayed up for hours after I took them.I have let my kids use them on occasion and they helped relax them to fall asleep.  They taste pleasant and there is no aftertaste and the package is convenient to use.
While I don't have problems waking up and not being able to fall back asleep, it can take me a very long time to fall asleep.  I've tried these now 10 nights.  I feel a relaxing wave go over me after a few minutes, then sleep comes quickly.  Of the 10 tries, only 1 wasn't effective, and I had a difficult time falling asleep.The curious thing is that I normally don't wake up at night.  Taking these, I find myself waking up once or twice because my arm is numb, or my neck feels funny.  But then I go back to sleep immediately.  I don't know what to think about that.  My lay-man opinion is that I must be sleeping so deeply, I don't roll around as much as I do when I don't take these (??) At any rate, I feel like my sleep \"quality\" is greatly improved.My wife is a light sleeper.  She tried these once and didn't care for them (she woke up.)  She takes something over the counter which she prefers.  At [...] bucks, I would think these are worth a shot for anyone who has trouble sleeping.
I've taken this several times now. I wanted to have multiple uses of it before reviewing. I have problems sleeping due to racing thoughts and this does slow them down and allow me to sleep - without waking up groggy the next day. It doesn't work on my absolute worst nights, but it works more often than not. I'd reccomend it to friends and family.
Homeostasis Labs products are 100% natural medicinal aids for a variety of maladies - this particular little box provides sleep relief by way of 50 altoid esque, chalky mints that one chews on and after 30-45 minutes should experience a degree of drowsiness.  If you've ever tried a normal dose of melatonin the effect is similar in that some people won't feel a thing while others will feel a noticeable (albeit mild) drowsy effect.  For me personally, i found 2 of these supplements a bit on the mild side with the benefit being that there was very little aftermath the next morning.  These supplements are best taken a hour before you plan on dozing off so plan accordingly.
Even after several uses, the jury is still out on this one.Sometimes it seemed to help, sometimes not. Sometimes two pills seemed too many, but one not enough. The first time, I felt refreshed upon waking; the next, I felt drowsy and lethargic. And changing the dosage didn't seem to affect it much. Then again, I used it only when I felt I needed it. And after an experience where I was groggy when I didn't get a full 8 hours sleep, I passed on these pills when I knew I couldn't get that much sleep. It is possible that being inconsistent affected the results.I'm going to continue to try it periodically, but I think this is a product that will vary widely in its effectiveness among different people. Maybe it'll help you, maybe it won't. Maybe it'll work sometimes and not others. Just consider that if it doesn't work, there went $10. Then again, that's less expensive than many other sleep remedies.
Homeostasis Labs Sleep Relief  is an over-the-counter product that advertises it provides for the all-natural relief of sleeplessness, due to an over active mind, stress or anxiety, without deleterious side effects. It further advertises that all Homeostasis Labs products are 100% natural and made in the U.S.A., with ingredients that are officially included in the Homeopathic Pharmacopeia of the United States (\"HPUS\").Most o-t-c- products that promise relief of sleeplessness are, of course, placebos, though, over the years, I've had pretty good luck with that good old cheap standby Nyquil.  And occasionally chamomile tea.  However, I've now tried Homeostasis' product several times, and believe that it does, indeed, work for me.  But not on the nights when I'm at my most wired: I still need hard-to-come-by prescription pills for those long nights.The product comes in a box that is clearly labeled as to its all-natural contents.  It contains 50 pills that are meant to be chewed, and they don't taste bitter to me.  I find the box aesthetically pleasing; however, it took me a while to figure out how it was meant to be opened; maybe I'm unusually dumb that way.  A yes, but recommendation.
I got this for my mother as she has had sleep problems for the last 15 years. Her sleep problems seem to focus around stress, with her waking up in the middle on the night thinking about things she needs to do or events that happened during the day. She usually falls asleep pretty quickly, but rarely sleeps for more then three or four hours before waking up. If she's lucky, she'll fall back to sleep after a couple of hours and get a extra hour of sleep. The only thing that seems to have worked so far has been sleeping pills or aids such as Tylenol PM. I got her a bottle of Melatonin last year, but it had no effect on her. I saw these pills and honestly didn't expect anything, but I got her a box anyway. To our surprise, she got a good night sleep the very first night... sleeping through the night entirely, without any side effects upon awakening. There were a couple of days were they didn't seem to work, but she now attributes that to not following the directions exactly as stated (the directions state you need to let the pills dissolve completely in your mouth). Impatience and trying to rush the process seems to have a very big effect on how well it works. She now uses them regularly, with about a 90% success rate.
I'm a chronic bad sleeper, I have problems both getting and staying asleep and have been on many prescription strength drugs with little to no avail. I am a mostly-water drinker with the occasional iced tea (no coffee). I suppose with that track record there wasn't much I could expect from a OTC homeopathic solution and well... expectations met. Of the ingredients listed, the main purpose seems to be to help you relax in order to reach a comfortable enough state to where you can naturally fall asleep. This didn't work for me; not even a little.  At least with other \"natural\" sleep medications like melatonin, I felt a little \"groggy\" - with the Homeostasis Labs pills I didn't even get a yawn. My \"trial run\" was for a ten day period (just in case it was one of those \"build it up in your system\" types), but still, absolutely no effect. In case you're wondering if it at least kept me a sleep, the answer is no - I would usually wake every one or two hours for a varied period of time (5 min to an hour).The one good thing I can say about this product is that it left me with no \"morning after\" feeling.  No grogginess or foggy head. I believe that to be mostly because it didn't do anything for me.
I've had trouble sleeping for many years and am always looking for something that would help. I tried these for a week at two different times and saw no results at all. I do better with a hot bath and some soothing music.
I got this product because I assumed, apparently incorrectly, that \"natural\" (as in: \"derived from nature with no artificial ingredients\") was a term very close to \"homeopathic.\" This product is labeled \"100% natural.\" It is also manufactured in accordance with the guidelines of the Homeopathic Pharmacopoeia of the United States, an entity that has been in existence since 1897. This should certainly be reassuring.I also assumed, incorrectly, that I would be getting something similar to an all-natural herbal tea combination in pill form, maybe with some melatonin thrown in. And I  assumed that I would be able to recognize the ingredients and their potency. Wrong on all counts.The first ingredient listed is Arsenicum Album. A red flag went up. Is this arsenic? I do want to sleep deeply, but not forever, so I thought I'd better research this a bit more before taking it.As it turns out, yes, it is a derivative of arsenic, but the strength usually used in homeopathic remedies is  so small that no arsenic remains. However, I can't figure out exactly how much is in here since I don't have a real understanding about what a \"C\" is. There are 30C, which might (or might not) be a minute amount.As a matter of fact, there are 30C's of each of the six ingredients in the mix. The other five are Coffea cruda, Nitricum acidum, Rhus toxicodendron, Selenium, and Zincum metallicum. (Coffea cruda doesn't mean \"raw coffee\" as I had assumed, it's an ingredient that \"relaxes the mind.\") I did look them all up and, sure enough, in homeopathic practice, these are all specific ingredients targeting insomnia or the inability to sleep well, deeply, and without interruption.The problem I'm having with the product is that I am not accustomed to a homeopathic \"world view\" or this science's different interpretation of medical conditions or the personality types that are afflicted by them. (My personality doesn't seem to mesh too well with the profile of a person who would need Arsenicum Album, for example). Add to that my unfamiliarity with the ingredients, the standard of measurement, and my innate reluctance to ingest products I don't feel comfortable with. As a result, I think that, for me, taking these pills would make me more tense and sleepless than I already am.If you are more enlightened or less rigid than I am, I have to say that this seems like a serious product from a serious company. (They comply with all labeling regulations, provide safe packaging, give the usual warnings and indications found on \"regular\" medicines, etc.) In addition, they provide a website and a toll-free contact number if you have questions or a problem. They certainly seem to believe in their product.
I recently went through brain surgery (aneurysm clipping) which left my sleep pattern completely destroyed.  I was prescribed many different medications for sleep aid which all had negative effects on my sleep/restfulness.  I tried everything from over the counter drugs to prescription medications and finally had enough...I was just dealing with my issue.This product became available to me and while I had heard of homeopathy I was a bit skeptical in trying yet another new solution.  However, I gave it a shot and the results are pretty good, if not perfect.Remember, as with any medication, you will need to give this medication time to build a base in your body before it will start to take effect.  I started using it the day it arrived (yummy chewable tablets) and have not stopped since.  You basically take two of them an hour or so before bedtime and let them do their job...yes it takes a week or so to get your body to even acknowledge that they are there..but once the system is in tune - sleep returns.Once a base was established I was sleeping well and waking up fully rested..unlike the way I felt with prescription drugs which left me feeling groggy in the morning..like a brick had hit me in my face. :)Homeopathy is a great natural alternative to chemicals and has 0 side effects.  This product will leave most, if not all, of you satisfied with the results.  5/5 for me....and a permanent product in my bedroom until things get back to normal.
I have mixed feelings about this product. I've tried it several times and while I seem to sleep bet
I wanted to try this out because I am a regular user of a name brand sleep medication.  I used it for about a week taking 2 pills at bedtime. I really saw no noticeable difference after taking this medicine. It did not help me fall asleep.
These chewable tablets are packaged with three big phrases: \"Sleep Relief\", \"Homeopathic Medicine\", and \"100% Natural.\" I feel pretty confident that the last two are true. The first one may be as well, but after 3 nights of both my wife and I trying these I can't say for sure that they had any effect on us or not. But the pills have a nice taste and left no negative side effects, which is why I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1.For two of the nights we both still fell asleep in about the same amount of time as usual, we both still woke up about the same amount of times throughout the night, and we both still woke up about the same time in the morning. There were definitely no negative after-effects like some users have reported here (headaches, etc.) - we both felt fine the next morning. But there also didn't seem to be any positive effects (although I did notice that my dreams seemed to be more vivid when taking the pills so that could be a sign of \"deeper\" sleep).The pills are made with all natural ingredients, all marked with the acronym \"HPUS\" - which apparently means \"Homeopathic Pharmacopeia of the United States. I did some searching online and it looks like that phrase is legitimate based on an FDA compliance policy from 1996. So this is an FDA-approved medication and seems to be working for some people.The packaging is attractive and convenient and makes it easy to get the pills out. It's also \"made with Wind Power\" - I'm not sure precisely what that means, but that's a nice addition. There's also a symbol denoting the company as Carbon Neutral, which is another bonus.I have nothing against the company or homeopathic medicine. If this sleep aid works for you, go for it, but it didn't seem to work for me.
Like many americans, I too suffer the year round barrage of alergies, and have graduated to weekly shots. I was looking for some in-between relief and found that this product fascinated me, so I decided to give it the ol' college try. Individual results may vary, and maybe I'm to far along, but it did little for me, and I suspect it was more of a placebo effect than anything.
I took this faithfully for almost 2 weeks and found that it didn't do a single thing that it claimed it would do. It claims that it's supposed to curb your appetite, controls cravings and stimulates the body's metabolism  etc but it didn't do anything that it claimed. It also has a chalky taste to it which makes you think you're eating chalk since it almost looks like it as well. I wouldn't waste my money buying this product and wouldn't recommend it to anyone either. Maybe if I had lost at least 1 of the 5lbs that I was hoping to lose I might have given it 2 stars but it deserves the 1 it got for being totally worthless.
I've took the 50 pills that came with this box.  2 pills with breakfast and 2 pills for dinner as you have to take a total of 4 pills per day. I didn't notice any decrease in appetite or loss in weight.  I do feel a short burst in energy when i do take them.  The energy lasts about 1.5 hours, not sure if it boosts my metabolism for just that period of time.  I do go to the gym 2-3 times a week and do anywhere from 30-60 minutes of cardio with light weight training. Bottom line, there's probably better diet supplements out there.
This homeopathic remedy promises to assist with weight loss in conjunction with a low fat diet and exercise program.  Homeopathy is based on the principle of like helping like.  Highly diluted, the formulas are non toxic.  This particular formula requires chewing two tablets twice a day.  The tablets are slightly sweet, otherwise tasteless with a consistency of a superfine baby aspirin.  I have not experienced any side or after effects.I have been utilizing these tablets for about two weeks.  It appears that they do help suppress the appetite.  My most vulnerable time is the dreaded three pm when all my cravings hit and I feel ravenous.  Since taking these, I find that I can get through that period without indulging.  The need to feed is greatly diminished.  My second most dangerous time is mid morning and again, the same result.  I attribute the effect to these tablets since I have done nothing else.  As far as the other claims of boosting metabolism and burning fat, I can't say I have noticed anything.  However, I do find these tablets a helpful adjunct along with a sensible eating plan and regular exercise.
I, myself, am an extremely slender person. So, who better to give the product for review and \"testing\" other than my bulky co-worker?The said weight loss pill is supposed to be taken 2-at-a-time and twice a day for a single day consumption count of 4 tablets. That is a LOT. The trial product consisted of 50 tablets and it didn't even last 2 weeks. My co-worker reported missing 1 dose of the pills on the second day. Here is his feedback:- The tablets taste horrible, its actually a given. But making you chew those 4 tablets makes it even worse.- No reports of weight-loss were made. All he ever eats is low-fat, sugar-free food.- There were also no reports of reduced cravings, as I was asked by him to bring some \"Chinese\" on my way.- No change in apetite AT ALL.I am not going to say \"I think it is safe to assume that...\" but judging by mine and a lot of other reviews, I advise you to exercise caution.
This review is for 50 tablets of Homeopathic Weigh Loss RELIEF.I will say up front that this product would not be able to give fast, immediate weight loose, As homeopathic tablets take a time to inter react with the body, as for giving relief, again it will take some time and more than one box to give an accurate opinion.I believe that the formula is for one of boosting the system to help in the hunger and the calming of the nerves, as most of the formula is that of calcium, iron and items that strengthen the system, not a formula that will get fast weight loose.When I select an item from the Vine offerings I make it a point NOT to read the reviews of others.If, I am purchasing my own selections I DO read the reviews before I purchase .I am used to the European packaging and also have been involved with the Homeopathic system of Natural relief.When I went into the reviews I was surprised at all of the disappointments that people experienced, and thought to myself, I know exactly why!!!If, I may I would like to point out some of the disappointments that they experienced.The biggie is in the wording.  Weight Loss Relief!!  NOT weigh loss!!! I bet these people were expecting to drop 20 lbs. the first 3 days! LilSecond, anyone who has started on a Homeopathic road knows that it takes 6 months!Again I say 6 Months! It is a very slow change, and this Weight loss Relief!!As for taking so may tabletsAsk your self a question?  When do I eat the most?The tables are for relief in the edge of eating, to help give you a calming tablet.My biggie is in the night! So I take ONE tablet, let it dissolve in my mouth. No need to crush them and differently not so many per day.Also, one thing that was not told on the packaging...Mint of any type, gum, tooth paste, Any product that contains Mint in any form  will stop the action of the tablets!I believe the active ingredients stat em Relief for pain, to calm the nerves, steady  the system...NOT FOR AN ACTIVE table like the suppressants,I truly believe this product has been mis understood!A better understanding of the nature of Homeopathic treatments would benefit and do exactly what it states.For the relief of the symptoms of being fat! To help in your suppression of FOOD!There were complaints of the taste, this company has used a sweetener of a naturalnature, but a true homeopathic table has no taste.  So I am wondering why the company would flavor a tablet that normally has none?I believe this is a new marketing from Europe made to appeal to the Americans.Although there are a zillion people in the USA that are fans of the homeopathic treatments.For me to give an honest and 100 percent review  I would need 5 more boxes!And 5 more months.But, it does suppress the feeling of the munchies  at the time I would be stuffing my face.The packaging is not normal for the USA, but normal for European countries. I likethe packaging, and the sliding opening.This is just my opinion, so that you can hear a different voice of why this product has not been given good reviews.
Cravings - every dieter's worst enemy.  These tablets were billed as helping relieve some of the challenges with weight loss efforts.  Particularly for people who are increasing activity and reducing intake, both of which usually result in cravings.They did absolutely nothing for me.  I took them as directed.  They didn't taste particularly good or bad.  But the bottom line is they made no difference whatsoever.  I had better results combating my cravings with a glass of water.Worse still, the packaging is atrocious.  The issues I experienced with the children's teething relief tabs is similar with this box: \"The Homeostasis Labs have come up with a rectangular paper box to store and dispense their products.  While not considered 'medicine' in the traditional sense, there is no child safety precaution for one.  I'm responsible enough of an adult to keep this in a safe place, but the frustration actually lies in getting the darned box open and resealing it.  When I attempted to open the box, I actually ripped it and had to transfer everything to another container.\"
First, I suppose the price is just barely reasonable--assuming it did anything (more later).  You might expect that 50 tablets might = 50 days, or maybe 25 days.  Actually, you take two tablets at a time, twice a day, so this isn't even two week's worth.  It will cost you about $25 per month.After trying it, I can notice no difference in my appetite, cravings, hunger pains, or pretty much anything.  It also comes in a weirdo box which is an exercise in packaging ingenuity, but not really convenient to open and dispense the required tablets.Personally, I think I am better off just buying a chromium supplement which costs a tiny fraction and is probably more effective.
I've used Homeostasis Labs Weight Loss Relief for the last two weeks along side of using a low fat/low calorie diet as well as exercising.  Of course I've lost weight, but I don't feel that this product decrease my appetite at all .  Two pills a day and I really didn't feel any different, except hungry after my much lighter breakfast.  So, I'll be continuing my diet but without purchasing anymore of these pills.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.
I could not tell any difference in my appetite or weight.  I'm always looking for a way to lose a few pounds, but I hadn't altered my behavior in anyway.  Really, I thought I would be able to sense some sort of decrease in my appetite, but absolutely no effect.I found they tasted more like an antacid, and gave that sort of chewing quality.  In no way were they unpleasant to take, but the box was very awkward to use, and I certainly would have preferred a regular bottle.
I bought this product at CVS pharmacy because they were on the counter.  I thought I'd give them a try.  Surprisingly I saw a 2 pound weight loss after one day with NO change in my diet.  I thought \"heyyyy thats a surprise\".  I finished the box and lost about 6 pounds..but I admit I took them sporadically as I kept misplacing the box. I decided to buy another box and to take them as directed since I'd had such good results.  I went back to CVS for more and every box was gone. The pharmacy had more on order but each time I go there, they are sold out.  Must be onto something here I'm thinking, so decided that  I am going to order more here and take them consistently.  Will update my review after I take the entire box.NOTE:  One thing to know is that the opening is on the side of the box, it slides apart and you will find the pills falling on the floor if not careful...hold box over counter until you get used to this unusual opening.
I'm guessing this can be chalked up to another product that makes big (unrealistic) promises but delivers no noticeable results. I couldn't find any effect (positive or negative) after a few days use. I think this is a pass as far as I'm concerned.
have been using this product for about 1 week now and while i haven't lost any weight, i haven't gained any more either. it does seem to help some with controlling my appetite and food cravings. at least while i am at work, it seems to help me to not join in when others are munching around me. yes, i would recommend it.
But, as to appetite control without undesirable side effects, this product has significant, rapid efficacy. Perhaps additional comments here, later.
Wouldn't it be great if this product actually worked!  An all natural way to curb your hunger and enhance a weight loss program.  Unfortunately, at least for me, I could not tell if the product worked as intended.  I didn't give it just a single star because it's very difficult to discern if the product worked at all.  Perhaps it did curb my appetite a bit.  But if it did, it was almost inconsequential.  I will not be purchasing a refill.  I would not recommend this as a significant diet aide; however, your mileage may differ.
Homeopathic remedies are new for me - I usually go with prescriptions for ailments, but I have started to look at things that are more \"natural\" and hopefully more \"gentle\" on my system. Using things like aromatherapy for headaches vs. always going for an ibuprofin - that sort of thing.The Weight Loss Relief product from Homeostasis Labs is 100% natural and is focused on decreasing appetite, controlling cravings, and stimulating metabolism.I can't speak for the stimulating metabolism - I really don't know how to measure that sort of thing, but I can say that I haven't noticed any significant weight loss (or unusual weight loss) with the product. I have noticed a decrease in cravings during evening hours, but in general I would have to describe this product as a simple appetite suppressant. A worthy alternative to medications that you get at the store like Dexatrim or the like.The pills are easy to take - you crush two with your teeth then swallow - this is repeated twice daily. I tend to get hungry early evening, and I have noticed that I'm able to go until 7pm or later before I get hungry after taking this product.As with any weight loss regimen - pair it with exercise. And really, you could probably skip the pills and just go with exercise and a reasonable diet if you want to lose weight. I've spent way too much money over the years on diet pills - it's a booming industry and perhaps the homeopathic business want to cash in on it.I'm afraid I have to give this product 3 stars, or a \"meh\" rating. It's neither good, nor bad - but probably not worth the time to remember to take the pills every day. Just start walking more.
Simply put, \"Homeostasis Labs Weight Loss Relief\" did not work for me. I spent two weeks taking this supposed appetite suppressant as directed, all the while maintaining a reasonably low-calorie diet; then to properly contrast the effectiveness of the pills, I continued on with my low-calorie diet for a week, sans the pills.The end result? \"Homeostasis Labs Weight Loss Relief\" did nothing for me in terms of helping me keep my appetite in check. For those who are impacted by the placebo effect, your mileage may vary, but for me, the effects were completely negligible, if they existed at all. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend these.
I think the instructions on the packaging say it all: \"Should be taken in conjunction with a reduced-calorie and low fat diet\". Kind of like eating steak or diet soda, you'll still lose weight if you keep 
It is unreasonable to expect an Rx type diet pill in this package!What we have is an \"all-natural weight loss\" pill of questionable content and use.  These pills are taken two at a time, twice a day.  They are to be chewed.  Biting down is akin to biting on chalk with a vague mint after taste.  They are not unpleasant to take and the price is very low.Do they work?  I do not know for sure.  After five days of a semi-diet, I lost 4.7 pounds.  I took the pills for three of the five days and plan to keep taking them until the supply is exhausted.  I do not think that they control hunger or the wish to have a treat.  They may make it easier to resist but motivation is what makes me not give in to often.At best, they have a small affect on my weight loss.  At worst, they may help me resist eating more.
I hoped this would help curb my appetite and/or keep me from just wanting to snack. Fifty pills later and I can't say that I noticed much difference with or without the pills. So, definitely not worth the money.
Between the ingredients, the packaging and the fact that I want to eat more instead of less, this stuff is about as worthless as worthless can be.  I would suggest you avoid at all costs and don't get sucked in.  This is a rarity-a vine product that gets a terrible review.  Sorry folks, this is a waste of time and money
These tiny white pills really remain a mystery to me.  They come with no claims of efficacy and no explanation about why they work, how they work or what the expected results should be.  Most diet and weight loss concoctions at least contain information about how one should eat a healthy diet and get lots of exercise in order to lose weight.  Nothing like that here.  No listing of possible side effects and no apparent claims that they work or how.  The tiny white pills are virtually tasteless and you are to chew two of them twice a day.  Doesn't say if that is before or after meals or in between or with or without liquid or foods.The back of the package lists the ingredients and what their purpose is -- increase metabolism, reduce obesity (??????), control cravings, relieve stomach pains and possibly reduce water retention.  It does not claim that the pills do these things which is good since I saw none of these effects at all and I was really trying find one.  I don't know how long I should take these but the 50 pills in this box would last 12 days when taken as directed.  Should I continue taking until desired weight is achieved (I hope they have a warehouse full!)? What is supposed to happen??The lack of info was matched by the complete lack of any perceivable effect.  I am admittedly somewhat skeptical of many homeopathic remedies but am a reliable taker of vitamins, minerals and some OTC remedies.  After trying many methods to lose weight I was hopeful that these would work.  However I felt no lack appetite -- assuming that is what these pills are supposed to do -- and no perceivable effect of any type at all.  They appear to be harmless but also to be useless.
Notice that you can't find any information on how much of each ingredient is in these? There's a reason for that; the idea of homeopathy (if one can call this an idea) is that ingredients that have one effect in significant doses will do the opposite in incredibly small doses. How small? In a typical homeopathic \"remedy\" the ingredients are dilluted so much that there is, statistically, NONE of it left. That's right. I said NONE. Not a single molecule.  The claim by homeopaths is that the water has some sort of \"memory\" of the substance that was once diluted with it. If you think I'm joking, look it up. I know it sounds so ludicrous it's unbelievable, but that's homeopathy.I'm sorry to ruin the placebo affect for people who read this review, but I feel that people should know that this company is selling nothing more than a sugar pill.
I had hoped to be able to give a raving review for this product, or at least a review of some kind, but it was never received I'm afraid.  :(
I'm curious to see if these things do anything.-I recently received these, and I've seen/tried homeopathic medicines before, with little to no effect.  So I am curious to see if these do anything.-Let's first talk about the packaging: I like it.  It's a compact box, about the size of a pack of smokes (remember those?) and it opens by sliding the inner box part down to reveal a small hole you can extract the pills/tablets from.  It reminds me of those fancy boxes that mints come in these days.  What will they think of next?  Anyhow - I like it - it work well and there's no flaps to bend or get dust and dirt in as it sits in my desk.-Taste: They taste like chalk.  No real flavor.  Mildly sweet.  Instructions are to thoroughly chew 2 of them, twice a day.-Claims: Back of the box says it will \"decrease appetite, control cravings and stimulate metabolism\".  I can make no claim on these.... claims.  Yet.  But don't fret, dear reader, as I will update this review once I'm out of pills (50 to a box), and let you know what my results are.-I'm an average guy of average build.  I go to the gym a few times a week, and I watch what I eat.  This holday season has not been so kind to me, however, so I will be reducing my caloric intake and hopefully these pills will help with my cravings, as well as decrease my appetite.  If I lose any weight, or notice any difference, I will let you know here in a future edit of this review.  Stay Tuned!!!----------* UPDATE : I am not a fan. *Let's take a look at this thing.  Front of the box claims \"Weight Loss Relief\".  Well, I did not get any of that.  I do not mean to say that you won't, or that the other positive claims here are false (we'll get into that in a minute), I'm just saying that I did not get any relief from these pills.  Here's the breakdown:Back of the box says:Calcarea carbonica to \"Increase metabolism\"Ferrum metallicum as it \"Reduces obesity and controls cravings\"Graphites as it \"Reduces obesity in adipose tissue\"Kali carbonica as it \"Reduces obesity and relieves stomach pains\"Natrum muriaticum as it \"reduces obesity caused by water retention\"Also: Lactose, magnesium stearate, and Stevia.I did not find that my metabolism was increased (how would you tell?) or that my obesity was reduced, nor did it ever relieve any stomach pains (assumed to be caused by hunger).I DID find that these give you GAS - and I know it's because of that dang Stevia.  If it ain't sugar, forget it - I don't want it.The instructions say that this product should be used \"taken in conjuction with a reduced-calorie and low fat diet\".  Hell, if you do that on it's own you're gonna lose weight!  The \"Uses\" on the back say this stuff should \"decrease appetite, control cravings and stimulate metabolism\".  Didn't work for me.----Now, some people on here have reviewed this product very highly.  Well, it may have worked for them.  As far as I am concerned, most Homeopathic medicine is psychosomatic in effect.  What does that mean?  It means that if you think it's helping or working, it will.  This is not to say the product is bad or false: The power of the human mind is incredible and if buying and using this makes you think you'll lose weight, you just might.  It's certainly cheap enough to try.  I found it funny that these things were sweet, as the sugar-pill-placebo is commonly used in scientific drug testing.  Maybe these are just placebo pills?  They didn't do anything for me.
Several reviews have stated that with exercise, these tablets work. I did not find that to be the case. If I took them in the evening, I did find that my heart raced a little, but I did not find an increase in my metabolic r
These did not work for me.  I did not notice any difference between taking these vs not taking them.  It all goes back to common sense I guess: diet and exercise.  There is no \"Magic Pill\".
I began using this product without alter the amount of time I was spending on exercise or my eating habits in order to get a clear ideal of it's effectiveness on weight loss. I run and work out 2-3 times a week, I eat moderately healthy, but saw no significant weight loss or gain. Make of this what you will, there are some less natural products which may be more noticeably potent.
Being a fat guy, I'm always quick to try a decent weight loss supplement, especially if it's all natural.  I exercise (currently on another round of Insanity) and try to eat well.  Looking for an \"edge,\" I decided to give Homeostasis Labs' Weight Loss Relief tablets a shot.What I got was absolutely no difference in my weight or my eating habits.  In fact, I felt like eating more on a number of occasions.  While I took them twice a day as directed, I decided to try taking them at different times and in different situations to see which dosage time felt best.  First, I took the first dose when I woke up and the second dose roughly thirty minutes before my evening meal.  I felt no results.  The second test found me taking the first dose just after breakfast and the second just after dinner.  It was in this dosage test that I found myself getting hungrier as the day went one.  For the third test, I took one dose when I woke up and one dose when I went to sleep.  Again, I felt hungrier during the day than I normally do.  My final dosage test was done by taking the first dose thirty minutes before lunch and the second one thirty minutes before dinner.  The result:  nothing.In short, I felt as if I was just chewing a couple of really chalky pieces of PEZ candy and then trying to convince myself that I wasn't hungry.  It was a failure.I do not recommend this product.
This weight loss Homeopathic remedy states that this product will:Increase MetabolismReduce Obesity and control cravingsReduce Obesity in adipose tissueReduce Obesity and relieves stomach painsRescue Obesity caused by water retentionThe tablets break easily and dissolve quickly. The directions ask that you chew two of them thoroughly and allow them to dissolve in your mouth and then swallow. The tablets have a bit of sweetness to them and are not unpleasant. After swallowing, I did immediately feel a bit of heartburn which passed quickly. I'll update this after a few week's time to see if I have indeed lost any weight by taking them twice a day, and by following a reduced calorie and low fat diet.I found the packaging quite difficult to open. Once open the pills are found in a small square tube which is not easily closed once you remove the couple of pills you need. I would highly suggest new, easier packaging.
I'm a personal trainer, and companies are always sending me samples of their latest and greatest magic diet supplement.  Some are downright dangerous, and some are completely ineffective...and rarely do I find something that seems both safe and actually helpful.This product has some different ingredients than what I'm used to seeing.  They have similar attributes--the thermogenic nature of the respiratory aids, the mood stabilizers--but they have a different \"mix\".  I'm used to the run-of-the-mill standbys.I found that using 2 in the morning, far before you eat your breakfast, DID indeed curb my appetite, from the first try.  I didn't repeat the dosage all day long, and I didn't have any cravings.From my experience, most people eat too close to taking any appetite suppressants, which can actually cause the opposite effect--that can make you hungrier.  I have no clue why this is, but I see it over and over again in my various clients.  When taking any appetite suppressant, always wait at least 20 minutes before eating.  (I like to wait at least an hour.)  Also, be sure to drink adequate amounts of water throughout the day.This product is different, but I believe can be effective if used properly.  You might want to cycle this with different homeopathic aids, 2 weeks off and 2 weeks on.  I like Green Tea and EGCG, and this supplement can be taken in conjunction, so that's a plus, too.
I'm always looking for something to help me shed that last 10 lbs that seems to stick no matter what, so I thought I'd give these a try. Unfortunately, they did nothing to curb my appetite or assist in weight loss.Like  most homeopathic remedies, you are to allow them to mostly melt in your mouth - you don't swallow them like pills. Most homeopathic remedies taste slightly of sugar. These had a funny taste in addition to sugar that made them a bit off-putting. Perhaps the poor taste is supposed to dampen your appetite? The box indicates you should do these along with a low calorie diet plan and exercise. Well that alone can cause weight loss, so the only thing this could potentially aid with would be decreasing your appetite so you don't feel like your starving. Unfortunately they don't do that - they don't really do anything. However, I must also add that historically homeopathic remedies don't usually do much for me. Supposedly if your body is \"too polluted\" then they don't work as well, thus, kids who are more \"pure\" have better results with homeopathic remedies. So perhaps if you're pure and internally clean they might work? Who knows.End result: These don't seem to do anything to decrease appetite or aid in weight loss. However, I personally have found that hoodia does decrease my appetite (if I take enough, about double what the bottle says), so if you seek appetite suppression perhaps give that a go instead.
I've been trying to lose weight through diet and exercise for almost a year. So far I've lost ten pounds, but I seemed to have hit a plateau. The last couple months I was stuck at one particular weight.That's partly why I decided to try this product. I have previously used homeopathy products. Sometimes they were successful, and sometimes not so much.After about a week of taking two of these pills a day, I started feeling a bit like a sap. They appeared to have no effect on my weight. However, it seems they had a cumulative effect because after using the entire box I ended up losing two pounds. It may not work for everyone, but I strongly encourage people to try it--and follow the instructions. I will probably the purchase the product again.
I've tried several diet pills (I only need to lose 10 lbs - but oh those 3pm cravings kill me) - every single one makes me jittery and shaky and I can't stand to take them - this pill did not!  However it also didn't ease my hunger pains and the two chalky pills you must chew up were so nasty I really dreaded time to take them again.  I didn't notice that this weight loss relief pill did anything other than make me dread taking it.
I have tried Homeostasis for PMS, as well, and I really do notice a difference when I'm using these little chewable tablets. I wouldn't say it's a miracle pill--and it won't solve your problems completely, but I do use them as an aid. This product helps with my cravings, and I notice a little boost in my energy when using it. I regularly recommend Homeostasis products to my friends.
Like all weight loss remedies I've tried, this one did not work.  I took the pills as recommended but did not experience any weight loss.  If you want to lose weight get the pesticides, herbicides and refined sugars out of your diet and increase your physical activity by doing something fun, like walking, kayaking, etc.  Nothing else will work.
I've been taking the pills but don't notice any discernable difference in the suppressing of appetite and does nothing to control cravings.
I can't say I found these pills helpful, but it could just be my system.  I noticed no difference in appetite or energy.  I won't be purchasing these again for myself, but as I said - it could just be me.
There isn't much to say.  They are packaged like tic tacs, taste like tic tacs and are as good at curbing hunger as tic tacs.  I'd love to run a company like this.  People who buy this are basically being robbed.
I wish these worked for me, but I felt no change in appetite, cravings ...  Glad that it works for some.I would imagine that, at the least, it might give a psychological edge if I were more motivated, but to make these things really curb my appetite and stop cravings, they'd need to be the size of cheeseburger can be served with a side of gravy laden fries.
I was interested in trying this item because I saw that it would curb my appetite. I am at my target weight level but my weight tends to fluctuate due to my inconsistent exercise regime and high liquid intake. At 50 pills a pack I figured I would be able to get a good grasp of what the product could do.I guess in some ways I did get a grasp for what these weight loss relief pills could do. Or what they couldn't do.These pills do not work. I took all fifty as they told me to and I felt absolutely no different. This product did not curb my appetite at all. What's even worse is that I blew through all fifty pretty quickly. This is an expensive product and does not perform at the level that one would expect for something of this price.I cannot recommend these pills, there are much more effective ways to lose weight or even curb your appetite than this garbage. 100% natural is nice but it doesn't really matter if it doesn't work. This might be an effective placebo, but it is far too costly for me to even recommend it for that.
I tried the weight relief pills to see if they would help with the late night urge I sometimes have to snack a little more than I should. These pills did not do anything to curb my appetite at all. The pills had no effect on me whatsoever after taking them as instructed for 3 days straight. I would not recommend this to anyone who is trying to loose weight or even just prevent themselves from overindulging every now and then. Theese pills simply have no effect on hunger.
Ok, first of all the box is wacky. The directions to open it are a trip. Secondly, the ingredients don't seem to mean squat as far as being a weightloss aide. Thirdly, they taste terrible. You have to chew these. To me it seems like a placebo pill. I think they are banking on the fact that they think consumers will think these are safe and effective since they are \"homeopathic\" and \"natural.\"  Well, hellloooo... alot of the \"natural\" products cause just as much problems, irritations, allergies etc as man made products and medicines. Having said all this, I did try these out for a week to give them a fair shot. I had no decrease in appetite and no increase in metabolism (which in a weightloss aide is supposed to mean increased energy). However I did have one heck of a bad tase in my mouth from chewing these awful things!
As someone who is attempting to lose weight I decided to give them a shot. I even thought that perhaps using an \"all natural\" method would be better for me. Honestly, I felt no different while taking these pills. I was still hungry and I still thought about eating when I shouldn't have been.I wouldn't recommend these pills, but I'm me, and perhaps they'd be different for you.
I had high hopes for the Homeostasis Labs Weight Loss Relief tablets.  The product advertises that it controls cravings and the need to eat between meals.  It also states that it speeds up your body's natual metabolism.Well, the makers of this product are wrong.  In fact, I found myself searching the house for anything at all to eat.  I didn't have any cravings, but I was hungry and my appetite was not surpressed.  I took this product as directed until the 50 pills were gone.  If I lost any weight, I can't tell it.For the price and the fact that it doesn't work, I would suggest seeing a doctor or nutritionist for a weight loss regimen.Natalie S. for Amazon Vine
I must say that I was excited about this product when I ordered it.  I
... if it's there at all. That's the downside. I'm not sure if I have curtailed my snacking because of these tablets, or because the act of taking them reminds me to avoid mindless nibbling. One positive note: no unpleasant side effects. But I don't know that I can recommend these.
I can honestly say that I'm not sure if these pills work or not. I started an exercise regime on the same day I started these pills.  I pushed myself hard, and naturally I felt famished afterwards.  I took the pills with 34 oz of water (water infused with cayenne pepper and freshly squeezed lemon) and my appetite was not curbed a bit. In fact, right now I feel for something very sweet and I can't shake it.  So why would I say I'm not sure if they work? Because since I'm exercising and stimulating my appetite, this activity may be working against the pills. I'm not going to stop exercising just to see if the pills work better, but since I have these cravings, I might as well stop taking them.
I tried this product, but felt that the initial trial supply was difficult to gauge effectiveness. There are 50 chewable tablets and you are to take two three times a day.  Munching 6 pellets a day is a bit much to keep up with and while they do not tastes terrible it is now good either. The short time I was consistent, it did not seem to curb cravings.Secondly this is only an eight-day supply for ten dollars so watching my portions and calories I think will be as effective and not as expensive when I did not really see this helping my hunger.I was not very happy with the packaging. I do not like the idea of something I ingest wrapped only in a paper box. Once opened, the box was impossible to close.On a positive note the ingredients are typically homeopathic and I like to work with non-drug products:Calcarea Carbonica to increase metabolism; ferrum metallicum to reduce cravings; graphites (said) to reduce obesity in adipose tissue; kali carbonica also reduces obesity and said to relieve stomach pain; and natrum muriaticum to reduce water retention.
I won't bother with a repetitious recital of the ingredients in the homeopathic remedy for weight loss. I've looked them up, and I do not fit the profile for these ingredients.Or the peculiar packaging that took several minutes to open (Vine had pasted their label across the bottom of the pack, effectively blocking the opening).  Other reviewers have documented those issues.What I will comment on is the lack of effectiveness of this product.  I've followed the package directions for two days with exactly no effects whatsoever.  What else can I say when it doesn't work for me?I'll work on losing weight the old fashioned way.  This product's headed for the circular file.
I cannot tell any difference, when using this product, from when I do not use it.  In the end, it is portion control and exercise that work for me.
I was going to wait until my mom had taken all of these to do the review (I need to gain weight rather then lose it) but I was concerned she would throw the box away so this is going to be a multi-step review.Part 1- It Arrives.The box is about the size of a credit card and the thickness of my Evo Cell phone.  The pills are diamond shaped and according to the box you are supposed to chew them up and let them completely dissolve in your mouth.  I'll fill in later what my Mom thinks of the flavor.  The box comes with 50 tablets and according to the instructions you are to take two at a time twice a day, so total of four a day.Active Ingredients listed and what I was able to determine that they are/do:Calcarea Carbonica - A form of Calcium found in eggshellsFerrum Metallicum - Metal IronGraphites - a variant of carbon known to help the skin, coldsores, and the metabolismKali Carbonica - Also known as Potassium Carbonate, generally applied externally (???) also used in water softeners and to make glass.Natrum Muriaticum - Made from table saltNothing overly frightening in there, though if you are allergic to eggs you might want to check with your doctor in regards to the Calcarea Carbonica.Inactive Ingredients:Lactose (so I can't take it)Magnesium stearate - used as a dilutant in lots of pharmaceutical pillsStevia leaf extractI did like that the side of the box said that it was made with wind power.  I will update after my mom has completed taking all of the pills.*** Here is the update now that mom has finished the pills***She noticed no difference in anything at all - no weight loss, no difference in appetite or cravings, no side effects, she said it was like she hadn't taken them at all.Therefore my final opinion on this product is not to waste your money.  Sorry, I wanted it to work, my mom wanted it to work... it didn't.  At least not for us.
Let me preface everything by saying that I did use this product and I did take it as prescribed.  And it did absolutely nothing for me, that my current diet and exercise program did not already provide.  No discernible effect whatsoever.  Now let me tell you how I feel about these productsThis is a sham of a product.  Do not waste your money buying this item.  The item claims to be a \"homeopathic medicine\" for weight loss.  If anything that would mean it should have trace amounts of substances that should make you fat.  This does not even follow that principle.  Rather the company \"Homeostasis Labs\" has started marketing a very large range of \"Homeopathic medicines\" that don't have to meet any FDA guidelines.  They are simply trying to find any ill that people have and then make a pill that fixes it.  I simply have come to believe they are sham and the only effect your receive would be that of a placebo.
I have always had a huge appetite.  In fact, when I used to come home from college, my mother stated that I was eating like I had eaten in years.  Fast forward 20 years and I still have a HUGE appetite.  I have tried everything to curve it because when you exercise you build muscle and that muscle sits under fat if you are eating too much.  I tried SLIM SHOTS and they didn't work.  I tried appetite suppressants and they made my heart beat out of my chest.  I gave up, but my thighs and butt kept telling me not to give up so this week I decided to cut back on eating.  My head is killing me because I am so hungry.When these pills arrived, I thought they were a book and didn't open the package.  I, however, was trying to read and the hunger was killing me so I opened the package.  Low and behold it was the Homestasis Weight Loss Relief.  I tried to get the package open and my hunger was making me angry.  I read the instructions and the package still wouldn't open (may I add that I am hungry right now and I just ate a breakfast biscuit from Hardees).  Anyway, I just had to tear the package open.  The package said \"push down\" but when I pushed down nothing happened.Anyway, after 10 minutes, I got the package open and chewed 2 of the pills; they tasted like chalk.  I started to feel a little weird, but for the most part the hunger pains went away and I went to bed.  Today, I have taken two of the pills, eaten breakfast, and drank water and I am still hungry.This could not be working if I am still this hungry.  I will take the rest of them (you take 4 a day), but I would be very surprised if they surpressed my appetite.  The only appetite suppressant that seems to work for me is a BIG MAC or a cheeseburger.
While my doctor hasn't said I am obese he has said I can afford to lose a little weight. These didn't do the trick for me. I believe in homeopathic medicine, but I was better off doing the green drink recommended by the movie \"Fat Sick and Nearly Dead.\" As always there are few things in the world that can be cured by a little white pill - weight loss is one of them. Steer clear of these and almost anything else like them. Your health is better served with diet and exercise.
I am 25% overweight. My weight has not fluctuated more than 5 pounds for the past 3 months.I got this through Amazon Vine, so I thought, let's try it. I continued my existing diet because I eat healthy at least 75 percent of the time. A true test of the effectiveness of these pills is to keep doing what you're doing, and see if your cravings reduce and your metabolism increases. The box says take 2 pills twice a day, so 4 pills a day.I tested the product until it was gone. The taste is not bad, but not good either.Results, I am at same weight. I even believe I ate healthier over the past two weeks in anticipation of some results.I think this is a product where the box costs more than the product. I bet the production costs of this worthless stuff is less than 10 cents per box.
I am a 48 yr old woman who needs to lose approximately 30 lbs.This 50 count box is only 2 weeks worth of product because you take 4 pills per day.  You chew the pills and allow them to dissolve in your mouth.  The taste is not unpleasant although there is an odd undertone and a chalky texture.  I didn't find either of these off-putting.Week OneI lost 2.2 pounds.  In addition to taking these pills, I was watching my diet and exercising.  I had already been doing these things but not losing weight so it's nice to see the weight beginning to drop away.  I confess I forgot to take the second two pills every day so I probably halved my dose unintentionally more often than I actually took a full dose.  Oops.  But I'm losing some weight anyway so that is a good thing.  (written 10/05/2010)Week ThreeTotal weight loss since beginning?  Five pounds.  No effort involved really beyond what I had already been doing all summer long--watching what I eat, making time for exercise, drinking plenty of water, etc.  I am genuinely surprised that this was at all effective as my expectations for diet supplements (meaning weight loss supplements versus vitamins, herbs, etc.) tends to be non-existent.  I don't expect them to work and am rarely disappointed.  Hence, my sincere surprise because with no expectations that these would jump start my stagnating weight loss it's nice to see those first five lbs gone.  (written 10/18/2010)Week FourUnfortunately, I'm no longer taking the pills and I actually regained some of the weight.  Appetite is only slightly more than it was before.  I've been closely tracking my caloric intake (as well as tracking protein, fat, etc.) and nothing has changed from week one to this week.  Other than I am not taking the pills.  And it looks like amazon.com is no longer offering this item for sale.  So I guess I can either try something else or try to buy this product somewhere else. It worked for me and I think that would work for others.  After all, as I've said before in reviews for other products, if one weight loss method worked for everyone, there wouldn't be an entire weight loss industry trying to tell us that their way is best.  This worked for me and I would recommend it to anyone else.  (written 10/28/2010)
This package claims to be a Homeopathic Weight Loss Relief, 100% natural, safe product. In smaller print on the back: \"To decrease appetite, control cravings and to stimulate metabolism. Should be taken in conjunction with a reduced-calorie and low fat diet.\" Active ingredients are: Calcarea Carbonica, Ferrum Metalicum, Graphites, Kiali Carbonica, and Natrum Muraticum. I ingredients listed can do next to nothing for appetite cravings and speeding up metabolism. The pills are tiny, chalky and tasteless, of which you're supposed to chew 2 a day. I can't recommend this product, unless you want a placebo. As I upload this review, the product is not currently available. The package states that a patent is pending. I'm wondering if this product will actually ever show up for purchase again.
This little package does seem to help the cravings.  Two pills in the morning and two at night really seem to help with wanting all sorts of sweets and candy along with anything else that happens upon your path.  Then again it could be that I just couldn't stand the taste or flavor and the thought of eating more pills helped me focus on eating better.I will say the flavor leaves something to be desired and the fact that you have to let the pills dissolve in your mouth certainly doesn't help.  It's sort of like small pieces of chalk in your mouth that you need to grind up.As for all the other benefits, changing your diet and learning how to eat properly is the key, not small white pills that need to be dissolved into your mouth.  Take my advice and try clean eating, it's better for you.
These had no effect on me.  Have been a chronic over eater all my life.  Perhaps they may be helpful for some one who only needs a little help (?)  At this price, it's probably worth a shot to find out.
I did not try this product myself, but I gave it to my girlfriend to try and here is what she had to say about it...Needing to loss some weight, I saw this on the Vine Program and figured that I would try this to see if it would help. To be honest, I have found that all diet aids on the market don't work. Plus the note of how the product works best with good diet and exercise irritates me since diet and exercise are the best way to lose weight.I admit that I read the other reviews on the product and was initially shocked about the ingredients. So I did some research and learned that most people that diet and/or use diet pills and such are usually deficient in calcium, iron, etc. Knowing that when the body craves something, you tend to over eat getting whatever the body needs. That makes sense for the ingredients.To begin, you let two tablets dissolve on your tongue twice a day. They remind me of slightly sweetened chalk. I did notice that some days I was not as hungry as other days but other days I just couldn't eat enough. I did loose one pound during the 12 days a box of pills lasts. I was also really dehydrated during this 12 day period also. I just don't know if that was from the salt in the pills or the environment. I have no way to prove if any of my results were psychosomatic or not. That is the one hard thing about testing this kind of product because there is no one way to confirm that everyone will or will not have the same results.I don't know how to rate these pills. If someone takes them and believes they will loose cravings and weight, I'm sure they will. But if someone takes them expecting to drop a ton of weight but still stuff Twinkies, soda, and chips in their face, it won't work. They also have to consider that a box only lasts for 12 days and costs about $10 a box making a $30 plus investment a month. Granted that is cheaper than a lot of other diet options, but for me I'm not sold. You want to loose weight, eat fruits and veggies, cook at home, and exercise.Shawn KovacichMartial Artist/Krav Maga InstructorAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence book and DVD series.
Skip Homeostasis Labs Weight Loss Relief...However, I didn't think the pills tasted awful.  They tasted like a Rolaids or a lactose tablet but the ingredients listed in my title have nothing to do with weight loss.  Oyster Shells, Iron, Potash, Salt and Carbon Will Not Make You Lose Weight...  I will, however, try a couple of Homeostasis Labs other offerings to see if they work, as I do strongly believe in herbs and supplements for various health issues...
I got these because I am on a diet and exercise regime and thought this might help to lose weight. It said it was all natural and I figured you can't go wrong with all natural. I got these and instantly took 2 as the directions say. Before long, I had a meal and this caused my stomach to instantly turn and I had to take some Pepto to calm it. Furthermore, it caused me to be in the bathroom quite a few times.Basically, it works in my case by making me feel sick. I didn't even want dinner after that episode. The next day, I tried again... I still felt a bit sick but not as bad as before and still ended up eating as much as I usually do. So buyer beware, if you have a sensitive stomach like me, you might also start to feel sick after taking this.
Sorry but there really wasn't enough time to tell if these tablets worked or not.  When I received them I was thinking that they were over a month supply but no, they require taking many more than one tablet a day to work resulting in the pack becoming empty in about two weeks.  During that time I dieted and made sure that I was eating right and healthy (actually in accordance to the Men's Health Belly Off Club Diet) eating six small meals a day.  By grazing all day anyway I honestly cannot say if the tablets truly helped curb my appetite.  From my short experience with this product I would guess that it has a placebo effect at best.
I am more into natural / homeopathic remedies lately so I thought this product would be worth a try. These pills are small chewable tablets that you dissolve in your mouth.  At first I thought they were slightly chalky but after a few more tries I thought they weren't that bad.  They don't have much of a flavor, which is good - maybe slightly like a very weak mint.  Directions say to chew 2 tablets thoroughly, allowing to disolve in the mouth then swallow.  They are supposted to decrease appetite, control cravings and to stimulate metabolism.  It also states \" Should be taken in conjunciton with a reduced-calorie and low fat diet\".  This is not some \"wonder-drug\" and if you truely want to loose weight, you need to eat fewer calories than you burn in a day (ask your doctor, too).  I will say that these do work to suppress my appetite and did give me a slight boost of energy.  I lost just a few pounds but I did not take these regularly so I will update my review after another few weeks.
I tried this product, but felt that the initial trial supply was difficult to gauge effectiveness.  Munching 4 pellets a day is a bit much to keep up with.  The short time I was consistent, it seemed to curb cravings.
I appreciate the brutally honest review of \"Consumeraholic,\" but I would like to point out a couple things.(1) The recommended dosage is 2 tabs, twice a day. That's 4 tabs per day.(2) The cost per day is 70 cents at the current S&S; price. That's money well-spent for curbing one's appetite.(3) A juice diet is unhealthy - Don't do that to your body. People should investigate a healthy, sustainable alternatives like weight watchers, an anti-inflammatory diet (Weil), a health heart diet, etc.I'm a lifetimer on Weight Watchers and a Vine reviewer. I don't need to lose additional weight because I follow a healthy diet. However, I - like others - am often tempted. I find this product helpful to get through rough patches, especially afternoons when I'm not feeling 100%. I just ordered another packet. At about 35 cents per dose, I would much rather spend my hard-earned cash on this product than something out of the vending machine. Homeostasis Labs Weight Loss Relief gives me a helping hand when I need it.The choice is yours. I've made mine - a healthy lifestyle and support when I need it. ;)
This may be one of those homeopathic medicines that are too subtle to feel it working, but I couldn't notice any difference between taking them or not.  On the other hand, they were small and not unpleasant tasting, and didn't cause any adverse effects.
Several problems with this product.Let's start with the box itself.  It tells you to \"push down to open\" on one side but when I did all that was there was empty space.  I shook the box and could hears something so I ripped it open on the other side to find the pills in a small space.  If this had been marked correctly it may have made getting only two pills twice a day to come out easily. As it was, ripping the entire box open to get to the product is at least a two star deduction.Then let's talk about the taste.These taste terrible.  The result is that you don't want to chew them up and are tempted to just swallow them which will not allow the various chemicals in the pills to enter your blood stream as well as they should.Finally let's talk about what is in these.It's basically five different chemicals with a listed affect they should each have whether it is to reduce hunger, curb stomach pains or heighten metabolism.  The one good thing is these are listed as chemical not merely plant names which is common in homeopathic remedies.Such remedies may or may not work but they should be used with caution until you know how your body is going to react to them.  Remember may of us are allergic to a ton of \"natural things\" so going natural isn't always better for everyone.
I seem to be less hungry, especially for something sweet.  These are easy to take, and don't taste bad (which was my concern since they are to be chewed).  I'll update the post later with weight status.
I just completed taking a month's worth of Homeostasis' weight loss relief tablets, and honestly, I have noticed no discernable difference in my weight.The tablets, which they suggest taking four daily, have little taste. I may have noticed a slight difference in not feeling as hungry througout the day. In that way, the tablets did help me to curb my desire to eat. However, as far as increasing metabolism or helping to lose weight, it's pretty difficult to say if they were effective at all. I weigh roughly the same weight as I did when I started taking the tablets, and that's while maintaining moderate exercise and pretty similar eating patterns.My suggestion would be to change your diet and exercise. It would be a more cost effective way of trying to lose weight.
I didn't really notice that these were big-time appetite suppressants.  Over the long-term perhaps it's more effective.  On the bright side, you don't feel like you're coming out of your skin when taking these as you do with some other supplements.  I'll keep trying these; so far the jury is out,
I thought I'd play a little Mythbusters in my role as a Vine reviewer for Amazon, and requested these weight loss pills.  First, I established a baseline weight a week prior, and found my weight to be stable or increasing slightly (within margin of error for my scale).  Then I tried the pills for about 2 weeks.  To be fair I wasn't always taking them twice a day - sometimes only once.  But then again, the instructions are extremely vague on when to take these.  Verbatim: \"Chew two tablets thoroughly, allowing each to dissolve in the mouth, then swallow.  Repeat twice daily.\"  No mention of should I take them before meals, with meals, when I'm hungry, sad, bored, etc.  I bring that up because one two occasions I did find that taking them when I was hungry (stomach rumbling) my hunger pangs subsided for a short time.  So taking these hourly would have been effective to suppress appetite, but goodness knows what that would do to me...  For that reason this product gets 2 stars instead of 1.  If these were okay to take whenever you were hungry, there would be some potential benefit here.Also, I found the package quite baffling.  They really wanted to be clever but it took me several minutes to figure out how the little Viagra-looking pills came out of the box.  It says \"push down to open.\"  That's it.  You have to hunt for the small microscopically-perforated hole with small arrows pointing to it.  Quite frustrating.  Also, the first time I chewed these I found them to be mildly gross, but lesser so over time.  A bizarre, indescribable taste, like poorly flavored, acidic chalk.Bottom line: during the time I was on these supplements I saw no loss in weight.  I did not see a material loss of appetite.  I think the lack of clear instruction on when to take these indicates that these aren't really expected to work.  The directions indicate that these should be \"taken in conjunction with a reduced-calorie diet and low fat diet.\"  I didn't do this simply because doing those things alone would of course reduce your weight!  What do you need these things for?For those interested, below are the listed ingredients in case you want to do some more research.  Medicines affect people differently so my observations are anecdotal.  Do some more digging.Calcarea carbonica, ferrum metallicum, graphites, kali carbonica, natrum muriaticum
I selected this product from the Amazon Vine program having a little knowledge of homeopathy.  The packaging bothered me and receives a lower score because I do not like the idea of something I ingest wrapped only in a paper box.  Once opened, the box was impossible to close.The contents are 50 white tablets you are supposed to chew until dissolved, two per time, three times daily, so as one reviewer stated, this is only an eight-day supply for ten dollars.The ingredients are typically homeopathic:Calcarea Carbonica to increase metabolism; ferrum metallicum to reduce cravings; graphites (said) to reduce obesity in adipose tissue; kali carbonica also reduces obesity and said to relieve stomach pain; and natrum muriaticum to reduce water retention.I started the tablets as directed two days ago with a low carb, sugar-free diet.  I'll report back after I've used the supply.While I don't feel the tablets in themselves will be the reason for weight loss, I like to work with non-drug products.
The problem with supplements -- and don't get me wrong, I believe many of them are helpful and effective -- is that evaluating them over a short period of time is a difficult task.  Many that work well in the long term show virtually no effect in the short term, and with products that purport to help you lose weight, the variables of an individual's food consumption and activity level all have an effect on the perceived effectiveness of the supplement.Let me just say this about \"Weight Loss Relief\": I did not notice any weight loss that I could directly attribute to the product.  I did not notice any diuretic effect in spite of the promise that it \"reduces obesity caused by water retention.\"  (And in fact, water retention isn't really obesity, it's a temporary condition that's usually easy to deal with, but losing water weight won't make you any less fat even if you weigh less after the loss.)I didn't notice any change in my measurements, nor was I aware of any increase in metabolism, though that's difficult to gauge just via observation.  I will say that I was not particularly hungry while taking this supplement, so it may actually help suppress appetite.  But that might have been an effect of the hot weather as well.  For that, and the fact that it seems quite safe, I give it a middling review.  YMMV.
I tried this product for 2 weeks and I felt an increase in energy and a decrease in appetite.  The only bad side effect I noticed was a head ache at the end of the day.  Seeing that I used it for such a short time, there was no significant loss of weight however, there were the 2 benefits of increased energy & decreased appetite.
It's more like a cold medicine. I honestly tried it and it didnt do a thing for me. I wish they would have made the ingredients available to check out on Amazon before I selected this item. If I had seen the contents of it, I wouldn't have selected this item.Their proprietary blend:Calcarea Carbonica -- usually used to treat conditions which involve complaints of cold, a worsening of symptoms in cold weather, or  cold sensationsFerrum Metalicum -- often used by well-built people who look healthy but who tend to be weak, feel the cold, and suffer from circulatory problems or anemia.Graphites 30 c --used to help reduce scarsKiali Carbonica -- most commonly used as a homeopathic remedy for pain and feeling of weakness in the lower back.Natrum Muraticum -- supposed to be used in the treatment of chronic conditions. Used for depression, extreme stress, nervousness, emotional excitation, and emotional distanceNot my kind of \"weight loss\" aid.
According to the instructions on the box, you are supposed to take two tablets twice daily (four a day). These little chewable tablets are supposed to, &#34;decrease appetite, control cravings and stimulate metabolism.&#34; I'm not sure if they help stimulate metabolism, but from my personal use they do seem to decrease the appetite and control cravings somewhat. If used as suggested on the box, one box of these HOMEOSTASIS' LABS WEIGHT LOSS RELIEF TABLETS will last for about two weeks. I began taking these tablets not believing they would work. The first few days I took these tablets, I didn't notice anything different. However, around day five I noticed that I didn't feeling as hungry at dinnertime as I usually do. The next day was the same. This continued for the rest of the duration. I also noticed that I wasn't craving something to snack on later in the day as I did before. This, too, lasted during the rest of the time the box lasted. Now that they are gone, the hunger cravings have returned. I can't speak as to whether these little tablets stimulate metabolism, but they do seem to have helped control my cravings and decreased appetite for a week and a few days.
With obesity on the rise, it's no wonder that weight loss supplements are a major presence in grocery stores, health food stores, and even online outlets.  The latest projections by United HealthGroup Inc. predict that fully half of all Americans will develop Type 2 diabetes or be pre-diabetic by 2020 due to soaring obesity rates, so the weight loss market is quickly filling up with countless new products.The Homeostasis Labs addition to the lineup is one of many \"tic tac\" style supplements sold by the company, coming in a small dispenser and both looking and tasting remarkably like miniature breath mints. Each \"Weight Loss Relief\" box comes with 50 tablets, with a recommendation to take a total of six tablets daily, which means a single box will only last about eight days if the directions are followed.Natural supplements are going to affect different people in different ways, depending on their body types and lifestyles and any other medications or vitamins they may be taking.  Personally, I didn't notice any drop in appetite at all. The package claims that the natrum muriaticum ingredient is supposed to reduce weight from water retention, but that didn't seem to happen for me at all either.  Overall the supplement had essentially no effect.The only way the weight loss relief pills might be useful for people would either be as a placebo effect, or as a motivating factor.  Spending money on weight loss pills might help motivate someone to stay on a diet and keep exercising, but beyond that they can't really be recommended.
OK, where to start? I am not much overweight anymore since I began juicing 2 years ago and lost about 50 pounds and KEPT it off since. But since a recent heart attack I figure another 20 pounds wouldn't hurt. So I see this available to try out in the Vine Program & figure what the heck, try it! First thing I notice is the ingredients are NOT shown in the Amazon description. Product arrives and I look at all these alien (to me) ingredients. Then I go to a website called drugs dot com. I log ALL my medications there since it helps me to not mix any dangerous combo of medications that may kill me with my heart & lung (blood clots in right lung) problems etc. What do I find? Not a single \"drug\" used in this formulation is even KNOWN at this site! So I really feel suspicious at this point and use Internet searches for every ingredient. Everywhere I turn, it smells \"funny\" and vague to me.So my review. I expect Amazon to kick me out of their Vine Program soon since I am finding more & more that products I try from them SUCK! Plain & simple, that's right, I said SUCK..... Not any reflection or complaint of Amazon, I rarely shop from any other source! But take this product. I begin my review and thought, well, maybe I better read what everyone else thinks first? Now, I NEVER do this but since MY experience with this product is so weird I figured I had better check 1st. I don't like to do this as I am afraid it may taint my own reviews. Anyway, I read the only 3 prior reviews. Guess what? They ALL sound like infomercials endorsing this product! I mean, you have GOT to be kidding me!!!! If I am wrong, I am sorry but c'mon. Each reviewer is from the same location as the product manufacturer which is Greenwich, CT 06830 USA. Next, they are ALL written a week apart in the same month & year. Coincidence? Then, I notice all THREE of these reviewers have ONLY reviewed the products from Homeostasis Labs. Now I really don't think my suspicions of this products SCAM reviews is simply a result of my many years spent working for the Police Department anymore, I think this Company requires CAREFUL consideration before you buy their product folks. Every alarm in my head just screams at me saying, \"uh, sure, anything you say\"....In other words, are you KIDDING me? The above is background and why I feel very uncomfortable with this product. And maybe I would never have investigated any product so carefully if it weren't a SAFETY issue for me considering all the dangers involved with me mixing medications as it is no less than life threatening for ME to do otherwise. So you need to know how did this product work? For ME? Well here it is folks, MY result is I am MORE hungry. Find myself eating more than usual. Why? NO idea, it is just I am more hungry than usual. The taste of the pills is nondescript. A very slight taste of something that reminds me of a sugar substitute but just not sure. Not completely repulsive, but a definite aftertaste that lingers and I do NOT care for it. The box is a gimmicky DUMB design unlike another reviewer touts as \"cute\" It is also an extreme WASTE of resources to package this in such a large and double box as well. NO cravings have been diminished, I do NOT feel better in ANY way, And are you ready for the REAL shocker? I don't look any better either! Oh well, I tried.....If anyone out there is legit and has any good result from this and it isn't all in their head, good for you. Myself, I smell a scam, pure & simple, given the first 3 reviews and location of reviewers as mentioned earlier. If wrong, my apologizes to the 3 1st reviewers, but PROVE ME WRONG! Oh, and give me a break will ya? I mean, we aren't ALL idiots people......Every human beings body is different. Maybe this will work for you? Not me. And I am simply uncomfortable with ANY product that has listed ingredients that cannot be judged by a pharmacist on safety to use with my prescription medication. Remember, a lot of folks actually DIE from over the counter medications. This may be as safe as a good nights sleep? Maybe not. All I know, is nobody can tell ME if it is safe or not when mixed with my medication. You also are supposed to take 2 of these pills, three times per day. So that will COST you as there are only 50 pills in a box. So 6 pills a day, 50 pills in a box????? Who did THAT \"math\" when designing this product? I mean really....8 1/3 days worth in a purchase? I'm sorry folks, I just don't get this product. Not at all!
This product works great, however, you need to make sure that you drink a ton of water, as it dehydrates.
I received a free bottle for the purpose of writing a review.I had my daughter take the pills, as advised on the label, since she wanted to lose some weight.She reported that there was nothing to report, that is she experienced no loss of weight at all.So I would suggest to the company that if they want reviewers they provide a larger sample, since more than one bottle might have shown some results.
Homeopathic medicine is more widely used in Europe than it is here in the USA, but it's starting to become a more popular method of treatment here.  It's kind of a hit-or-miss thing with homeopathy, what works for some, doesn't work for others.I've been taking these for a month, although sometimes I forget the second dose of the day (dosage is 2 tablets, twice a day).  Homeostasis Labs recommends eating a reduced calorie, low fat diet while taking these tablets.  I have lost 6 lbs. in the past 4 weeks, even though I did not follow the diet recommended on the box.  Instead I have been doing a low carb, low sugar diet, so I more than likely would have lost the 6 lbs. without taking these, but I may have had more cravings.I do think these tablets have helped with my cravings somewhat on the hunger aspect, and maybe some water retention, but any of the other claims on the box; i.e., increase of metabolism, fat loss of adipose tissue, stomach pains, I'm not so sure about those.Three stars just for the help with the physical cravings....it's too bad this doesn't help with the emotional cravings!
This product works well for my 9 year old when she gets her frequent ear aches. She doesn't get a lot of ear infections and she doesn't like the liquid pain medicine. These tablets are itty bitty and dissolve fast on her tongue. I read other reviews and my daughter doesn't get weird dreams or nightmares with this product. I also gave one tablet to my 3 year old when he was fussy with his last cold, he conked right out and slept most of the night with one tab. The box doesn't state how much to give in what age group so it was a guessing game. That's my only complaint with this product.
Great relief and it dissolves quickly.  My kids hate liquid medicines, despite many kids liking the grape and cherry flavors.  Of course this is so your child can sleep through the night without pain.  You're still going to need professional medical treatment, if it's an actual infection that requires antibiotics.
I ordered these specifically for one of my granddaughters who suffers badly from earaches. She is a tall, healthy 10 yr old, weight about 60 pounds. She had great relief from these teeny tablets!And they are TINY! If you have hand problems, this could be an issue. They dissolved quickly with little taste. The packaging is wonderful. The box within a box design means it's tricky for little people to figure out, and it doesn;t fall open in your purse.I really was amazed at how well they worked for her. We found no side effects at all. After reading another review, I specifically asked her about her sleep and dreams. She said she slept well and couldn't recall any dreams at all.If you have a child, even a older one like I do, these should be in your medicine cabinet.
It's really impossible to s ay whether this works or not. I wish I could say one way or another. You take it and the earache does go away, but is that because of the medicine? I know there is a lot of people who swear by homeopathic medications and they are extremely safe, compared to antibiotics, so I would recommend trying these at the early sign of earpain as a safe precaution.
I read the other reviews to see if anyone else had an odd reaction to this product.  I took one tablet on two different nights to test it out before giving it to my kids.  I experienced really vivid dreams of a nature that I would not want my kids to experience.  My ears seemed to be helped though.  This could have just been my own quirky system but since it happened on two different nights I have decided against giving it to my kids.  I will stick with another brand of homeopathic earache relief that continues to work very well for our family.
Earache Relief:  I gave these to my daughter at night when she had an ear infection. They dissolve easily and seem to work in a very short time. It definitely seemed to calm her down and allow for her to get some sleep.
Our little guy has been cranking out the teeth, often working on two at a time, so we've had the opportunity to try numerous brands of teething tablets, especially since Hyland's was voluntarily recalled recently. Homeostasis is definitely right up there with Hyland's. They both dissolve far quicker and more easily than the other brands we've tried, and while Homeostasis seems to take a bit longer to kick in than Hyland's they seem to soothe his little mouth just as well. I appreciate that the 50 Homeostasis tablets will last a lot longer than the 125 Hyland's tablets do, since Homeostasis calls for one tablet every 4 hours, as opposed to the hourly regimen of Hyland's, thus justifying the price difference between the two brands.With all that said, I do have some critiques:-these tablets are very, very small and can be tricky to manage while holding a child whose teeth are hurting him.-the packaging doesn't make this any easier. The method to get the tablets from the cardboard container isn't the easiest to work with, and I have concers about how fresh it'll keep the tablets since it's not airtight by any means.-the packaging could be 1/5 the size it currently is and still use too much material.Even so, I heartily recommend these tablets.
The Homeostasis Labs teething tablets are on par with most other homeostatic teething medicines for relieving baby teeth pain.  However,  we believe that these are better than the medication (orajel, etc) that can be given alternatively.The difference between these and others is amount of ingredient as well as pill shape/size.  H-Labs puts some hefty doses of the homeopathic meds in the pill (I suppose that's good), and the shape/size is smaller and heart shaped.  Other homeopathic teething tablets look like tiny marshmallows or mints.The real issue with these is cost.  At $10 a package, where you're giving them to your baby every 4 hours, you will run out of these well within a month.  Additionally, I can't find these in the stores, so unless you're getting free shipping, there's extra costs involved as well.  There are cheaper alternatives available.All in all, not bad, but not great.  3 of 5 stars.
I got these in hopes of some relief for my teething one year old son. The actual product is very small, and I had a difficult time getting just one to give to him. After I was finally able to get a single one, I gave it to him, and while it dissolves quickly in his mouth, it did not seem to provide him with any relief at all.
In a world of pharmaceutical saturation, it's important to set yourself apart from the competition.  Innovative and attractive packaging is surely a component of that effort.  The Homeostasis Labs have come up with a rectangular paper box to store and dispense their products.  While not considered \"medicine\" in the traditional sense, there is no child safety precaution for one.  I'm responsible enough of an adult to keep this in a safe place, but the frustration actually lies in getting the darned box open.  When I attempted to open the package, teething tablets went flying all over the place.Frustrations with the packaging aside, the actual tablets dissolve on my baby's tongue just fine, and they seem to provide temporary but incomplete relief.  Unfortunately the only truly effective calming method is a combo of baby tylenol and orajel.
I gave this to my brother to try on his 11 month son and it has helped him sleep through the nights better. I don't know what else to write. I know this seems like a short review but what's more important than that? Also he had no reactions other than sleeping through the night. This has not happened every night but he sleeps through most nights now.
The ones normally available in CVS has been yanked form the market.  Ironically, the effective ingredient in this one is the same as the banned one.If you child has a bad theething experience, like our second one, these tabs are very helpful.
It is so hard to diagnose why an infant or toddler is fussy.  After a few months of age or at the first sighting of white poking through the gums, one diagnosis for fussiness is teething.  Before I became a mom, I never knew what a long process teething was!  I can see the white poking through my daughters gums and it will be months before the tooth is actually in.All of that to say it is hard to know when a child is having teething pain or whether he/she is fussy due to some other issue.I like these teething tablets because they are all natural.  They are safe to give to babies who are six months or older and can be given every four hours.My warning with this product is that the tablets are really small - even though I have small fingers, I find them hard to handle at times.  And the packaging says that they dissolve instantly - I would say it takes anywhere from 5 to 10 seconds to dissolve.  My daughter, who puts everything else in her mouth, sometimes spits these out and so I have to hide them in food to get her to take them.
My little guy is 9 months old and going through the throws of teething. Until I tried Homeostasis Labs Children's Teething Relief, I was first relying onBoiron Homeopathic Medicine Camilia Teething Relief Single-Use Oral Doses, 20-Count Boxes (Pack of 2), then HYLANDS Children's Teething 125 tabs.The prior two medicines work quite well for my baby, but I have to be careful not to over use them (i.e. too many days in a row).When I received the brand to try, I cut out the others for a week and solely used Homeostatis.I found my little guy responded well. Homeostatis has one added ingredient over Hylands--Rheum Officinale--but it wasn't clear this added an extra benefit.Pros:~Each tab is double the does of Hylands, so only one tab needed.On-the-fence:~Each tab is smaller than Hylands which can keep baby from pushing it out of his/her mouth before it dissolves, BUT is harder to get into the mouth in the first placeCONS (and this is the reason for TWO stars):~PACKAGING...it's horrible for 3 reasons.1)Accessibility: If I had a toddler, maybe it wouldn't be so bad, but for a mother of an infant it's BAD. It's not one-hand friendly and is nearly impossible to easily slide down, open the tiny card board flap, get just one tab out and into baby's mouth all while single-handedly wrangle a squirming baby. And trust me, if you're using any teething meds, you tend to remember to give them when baby is at a very squirmy, cranky time.2)Size-volume ratio: there are 50 tiny hearts and this box could hold four times that amount easily...what a waste.3) Hand contact: With all homeopathic remedies, it is generally recommended that the pills go directly from container to mouth...that's why most are in bottles and tubes. I understand it's difficult to give babies pills directly, but this box makes it IMPOSSIBLE. At least the lid of Hylands allows for me to try. If Homeostasis wants to keep the box (for Green reasons) then borrow from the design of a Nerds candy box or something like that.At any rate, this remedy does seem to work as good as the other two established homeopathic remedies out there, BUT if Homeostasis labs wants to build a loyal customer base, especially through word of mouth, they need to SERIOUSLY reconsider their packaging.
This is a safe way to try and mitigate teething pain in infants. I thought it worked some, but cannot say for sure.  I think it is worth trying before a harsher pharmaceutical product that may have bad sad effects.  There really is nothing to lose with trying this product.  It helped reduce pain in my opinion.
I really can't tell if these tablets (or any teething tablets) are helping my child out or if he is just dealing with it.  I do prefer these tablets to others I have tried because you only need one and they dissolve faster.  I have seen no side effects from using them and I like to think that they are helping to reduce some uncomfortableness.
My 12-month-old is cutting molars and these pills seem to help him a bit. Neither of my boys has ever seemed to get much out of teething rings and such so it's either Tylenol, Orajel, or these things. So in that sense, it's good to have an option. I tasted one to see  what the little guy was experiencing, and they're tasteless.I like the packaging, too, with a cute little beaver on it and elegant graphics.All in all, I wish I had been able to try these when he was pushing out the first couple of teeth, when it was really bad. But any help for those teeth is better than no help at all.
We have a 16 month old who is cutting molars. In the past, we have always used Hyland's Teething Tablets.Both will dissolve easily in baby's mouth, but the H-Labs are much smaller (good luck finding them if you drop them!) and heart-shaped, where the Hylands look like mini mini-marshmellows.  Our baby didn't care about the shape.  Performance wise, I didn't notice much of a difference, either.  I didn't compare side by side ingredients, but they seem to work about as well as the Hylands (we used 2 tablets to get results, if that helps).  What I think the Hylands definitely wins out on is price.  There are 50 in a box for ten dollars.  With the Hylands, I can find them in stores (if I can't find it at Target, the commissary, or a drug store, it may as well not exist unless I find it on Amazon first) all day long.  That's nice if I run out in the middle of a sleepless teething night.  They're also between four and six dollars for 250 tablets, so you're getting 6 times as many tablets for about half the price.  When I put one of these in my mouth, I didn't taste anything, where the Hylands are actually a bit sweet.  Our baby tried to spit it out a few times, but it dissolved, so it wasn't a big issue.  I think we will stick to Hylands simply because of availability and price.  A good product, but the cheaper alternative works, so we'll take it!
Baby fuss from teething was alleviated without stomach ache or spit-up. The pills foam a little and dissolve quickly. Baby seems to like them enough. I just place on the bottom of the tongue. In severe cases, I'll use with cooled teething toy or even a chilled washcloth.

