Very good and very useful device. Very solidly built and it does what it was designed to do, very very well."
Definitely holds the guitar well . a little pricey but probably worth it. I'm a fan of Dunlop in general but think they got it right with this one."
The Dunlop neck cradle is well designed and firmly supports the neck of any guitar. It is self adjusting and makes restringing a breeze!  Buy one, and I am sure you will like it as well as I."
This is what I have needed for many years. Really well made, very sturdy and will last forever, and it is useful for all the Guitar work I need to do. I think it is reasonably priced as well. Thanks for a great product and good prompt service Cheers !!!"
I was impressed by the sturdiness and size of this neck cradle. Combined with the OP/TECH work mat that I purchased I can now turn almost any table or bench into a handy guitar workstation. In my experience Jim Dunlop always makes good products and this one continues that tradition."
if all you want is amp-like vibrato and chorus, here ya go, and it's cheap and cool looking (bigger footprint than a Boss pedal). The 'Hue' control gently affects the tone."
Moen pedals are great.  Nice quality at an unbelievable price point. This pedal is no exception.  It is a great sounding vibe with the bonus of a nice chorus which can be engaged by the toggle switch.  to be fair I have not tried many other vibes.  Hard to when most cost over twice the cost of this pedal.  That being said I am absolutely pleased with the sound of this pedal and have had no need to look elswhere.  vibe is very Trower like. Think bridge of signs.  Chorus is on the mellower side. Very analog sounding not digital.  Replaced my BBE mind bender and fits the bill so much better.  Solid well built and should last.  I would have no problem gigging with this and have with no issues.My only issue was that after a year or so the pedal seemed a bit less strong in its effect.  I read online that a bit of electrical tape around the internal led's would fix the problem and indeed it did.  It's been fine since.  Despite this needed fix I would buy this pedal again with no hesitation if I needed to"
look this pedal doesnt cost a arm and leg, but as far as other vibes and chorus pedals this pedal falls short. but I wasnt looking at sending alot so it gets the job done"
COMPARISONS: I have compared, side by side, the following pedals:Fulltone mini deja vibe ($200), Dunlop Univibe (discontinued stainless steel model)($220), Dunlop Roto-vibe ($180), Voodoo Labs Micro Vibe ($150), BBE Soul Bender ($129) as well as comparing to some \"different beasts\" in the modulation family - an MXR phase 90, MXR EVH flanger, Boss chorus, Behringer Vibrato, and Behringer Time Machine.SUMMARY - just the factsA great pedal and my favorite uni-vibe of all. Doesn't take a lot of space up, standard power supply, good visibility on control knob settings. Does not add or subtract frequencies to the signal or add noise. This is the only pedal in the univibe group I can say that about and it's why it's almost certainly going to be the one I keep. Might have slightly less ability to produce as thick of a univibe effect as some of the others -- still need to play with it a little more. Overall I LOVE this pedal at under 60 bucks. Only downsides I see are the LED does not flash the speed rate, and the speed control is top left which makes it hard to \"toe tweak\" with my right foot. Quality seems ok, but time will tell on durability.PROS- Smallish form factor, although slightly larger than a \"boss\" pedal, doesn't take much more room than a standard pedal.- Standard power supply (9v Center negative), and jack on top back for easy access - not in the way for patch cables on sides.- Switchable between chorus(univibe) and vibrato.- Controls spaced well for handling and use knobs with high visibility marking - easy to see.- Best PRO is that it does not boost or cut volume and does not boost or cut bass, mids, or lows. It just applies the uni-vibe type effect as dialed in and retains the character of the guitar tone. This is the only pedal I tested that I can say that about -- and most of the others cost 2-4 times what this one cost.- LED is red, visible and NOT a weird bright laser to my retina- The PRICE at about 60 bucks - is a great deal- Quality of construction -- metal case, decent knobs, pots and switches - no complaints so far.CONS- LED does not flash speed rate- Speed control would be better placed Top right or bottom right for \"toe\" tweaking- I have just had this a day so can't tell but might be limited in getting the deepest most lush univibe sound - not sure about that and I will update this review as I get time to test further. But it sounds great to me...OVERALL - highly recommended if you want a univibe and don't want to do a lot of comparison shopping. I have done it for you. Some users report quality issues here -- I guess time will tell on that. Mine works fine so far, and for $60 you could buy 2 and still save money over most other options available.--------------------------------------NOTES ON ***OTHER*** PEDALS I COMPARED---------------------------------------- Fulltone Mini Deja vibe -- highest quality construction (as expected at $200). The large knob in the lower right corner for speed is great and allows toe tweaking -- very useful on a vibe pedal. My complaint is that this vibe colors my tone - it boosts the mid range tones while maintaining the crisp highs and slightly losing the bass. This probably helps the sound stand out in a mix, however, I'd rather that my vibe not provide EQ because when I switch it on or off, I don't want to have to compensate at my guitar tone knobs to try to get back \"my sound\". I was able to match exactly an authentic original Uni-vibe sound with some adjusting. It seems to kind of muffle the pick attack or compress it also. I have a love-hate relationship with this pedal after about a week of testing it. Some days I hate it...but I like the build quality and the speed control. I originally liked that it was one of only two pedals that didn't strip the treble off my tone -- until I realized the mids were boosted, the bass was cut and the pick attack was somehow tweaked. Mixed bag, and at $200 shouldn't be.- MXR/Dunlop M68 (new in 2014). At about $140, The new M68 Uni-Vibe is a very good vibe pedal with much to like. It is second place on my list. On pure sound I might even like it slightly better than the Jimi, and that's saying something! It's the perfect form factor (shape/size) with no significant coloration of the tone, other than perhaps a tiny boost of treble in one mode. The M68 gives the Jimi a good run...and if you are extremely tight on board space, it might be a better choice for you. They sound very similar. The M68 has a wider range of adjustment on speed/depth than the Jimi, but I'm not sure the extra range is useful. MXR/Jim Dunlop/MXR have GREAT factory customer service if you ever have an issue. They fixed one of my pedals free even though out of warranty. I really do wish MXR would move their power supply jack to the rear vertical surface instead of the right side vertical surface. It is often in the way of right angle plugs on all my other MXR's. Use of the small top left push button for switching from chorus to vibe on this pedal was the main negative issue as I'd have to leave it with the mini switch engaged, and the red LED burning all the time, looking like it is on when I was not actually engaging the circuit with the main switch. It was also a tight fit. This pedal has a level knob which I'm usually a fan of but I don't see the need for it on this effect. I didn't care for the white \"main\" LED much, and of course the power supply location. The LED on this does pulse the speed, but was annoying due to the white LED. That's a subjective thing I suppose. All said this is a great sounding option with that perfect MXR size, so a good choice. But still 2X the cost of the Jimi. I stuck with the Jimi on form, function, sound, and value.- Dunlop Uni-vibe UV1 -- Cool stainless steel construction. Knobs were hard to see settings. placement of vintage switch on the back of the pedal was easily forgotten at worst and awkward at best. Non standard 18V power supply takes double slots from my power supply brick. Sound was very good but did also color my EQ sound by boosting the bass, and muffling the mids and highs slightly. On the one hand, this sound matched a lot of recorded uni-vibe sounds I've heard. On the other hand, once you strip the treble its hard to put it back in the mix. The seller had a 3 day return policy (3 days??!!) so I returned it and they lost the sale. Othewise, I would still be thinking about this one. I was on the fence about whether it was my winner. I was able to match a true uni-vibe sample, but the treble was slightly lacking and bugged me. At $220 I'd have to love it to keep it.- Voodoo Labs Micro Vibe - Liked the form factor, the simple controls, high visibility knobs, ability to toe tweak controls, standard 9V power supply, and placement of all jacks. Can get a very lush, even excessive univibe sound except the bass is very boosted, and mids/highs are cut. The EQ effect just kills the pedal for me. Its going back. Not my pick at $150.- BBE Soul Bender - My least favorite Vibe. It had extreme muffling of mids and highs, heavy boost of bass. In a band mix, I'm pretty sure it would get totally lost. At home, might sound ok. form factor was good, controls were simple, I think it pulsed the speed. My recollection is it had an overly bright blue LED. It was the first vibe I bought, and I only compared to Fulltone and Dunlop before returning it. Had some useable sounds, but with the intensity above 50% had an annoying \"womp womp womp\" of a bass note that was not coming from my guitar -- a weird defect in the effect sound in my opinion. With intensity below 50% it was usable...kind of. But a tone muffler. I returned this one early.- Dunlop ROTO-Vibe : A good choice (perhaps the only choice) if you MUST have expression pedal controlled speed adjustment. Didn't color the tone much - and that was a problem on most other uni-vibes tested. Limited speed range and awkward controls placement were most annoying to me. Intensity range seemed less than other pedals too. Large footprint if mounted on board, but also offers the ability to take NO space on the board by not mounting it. I didn't like that when you switch the effect on, you are automatically at high speed due to the mechanical nature of the design. Some awkwardness in the placement of controls and power plug vs guitar cables when plugged in. Std power supply a plus. LED indicators good and flash the speed. Durable construction although the mechanical nature means in time something will need lubricating and you may need to replace internal gears or pots. Overpriced 1.5 to 2X in my opinion.- Other general modulation effects. Univibes are effectively a phase effect - without the swooshy space-age edge on the sound. You can probably modify a modern phaser pedal to get the univibe sound which is like a vibrato plus analog chorus combined. A modern phaser is close, a modern flanger is much too space-age sounding. Vibrato pedals can capture the vibrato aspect of a uni-vibe and I'd recommend the behringer vibrato at $25 if you like vibrato sounds. uni-vibes are normally used for their \"chorus\" setting, not the vibrato setting. Didn't care for the Behringer time machine.My gear used for testing: Fender American Deluxe stratocaster. Mesa Mini-rectifier amplifier, Mesa Rectifier 2x12 cabinet with Celestion V30's. Pedal train pedal board, voodoo labs pedal power power supplies.A NOTE ON VENDOR SELECTIONI had a very bad experience with the vendor I bought my MXR/Dunlop M68 from, and while it does not weigh at all on my review of that product, I provided a separate star rating on the vendor feedback page. I recommend if you choose to purchase that pedal (or anything else) you be careful to avoid the Amazon Marketplace vendor called MixDSPnet in San Jose, CA. In addition to charging a 15% restocking fee if you want to return the pedal (in original condition with all materials and packaging), getting them to even acknowledge the return request at all was a problem and took over a week and finally opening a claim with Amazon to get any meaningful response. Once they did communicate, they were very unprofessional. Further, when the product was shipped back signature required (as recommended by amazon), they were \"not available\" or refused to sign for it so after several weeks of attempting to return the product, it remains **unrefunded** despite their confirmation that I could return the item for an 85% refund. I expect I'll need to work further with Amazon in the end to get this resolved. A google earth view of their addressed explained it all. MixDSPnet appears to be running out of an apartment complex. Most Amazon marketplace sellers are just fine but this one is really not, at least when it comes to returns. Also, while they sell a few Dunlop/MXR guitar pedals, looking at their site reveals it's not their primary business - they seem to sell a bunch of other non-musical widgets. My recommendation is that you find a vendor who is in the musical instrument business and who will provide the typical no cost refunds for 30 to 45 days as most large musical instrument retailers do, should you need it. They have a few hundred positive transactions, so maybe can be OK but I can only comment on my experience and this was the worst online transaction I've ever had shopping on amazon."
Why not? For the price and some reviews I found online, I had to try this pedal.  I bought one myself and it has remained on my pedalboard since I've bought it.  NOTE : I recently put this right after my wah and before my dirt boxes and I've found that it does two things; 1. The vibe sound doesn't get smooshed and retains a more rounded sound and 2. any volume drop you might experience having this after some od/distortion seems to be less.  I suggest playing around and trying this pedal in different places on your pedal chain to see what works best for you.  For me, it will stay before my od pedals and fuzz.  Do yourself a favor and check out some youtube demos of this.  Mine is musicman587....this is the pedal AFTER pedals, but you'll get a good idea of the general settings I use it on."
Rugged pedal by a little known company. Took a shot in the dark, hit a bullseye! Great univibeish/old chorus device. Would like to see stereo output options in future models. Solid. If you have a Strat, have studied Jimi, then it will suit you well if you've got the right physical approach to the guitar itself."
SUMMARYAt $20 it is a great size and \"ok\" quality to round up a bunch of various stands you may carry to a band practice or gig. Other options are available slightly longer and also with a 2nd compartment inside. No padding or impact resistance is provided, but gets a bunch of stands in one bag with a handle. Also available 8\" longer or with 2 chambered configuration on different models.PROS:- Good size for speaker stands, mic stands, guitar stands, music stands other than the top shelf, and other \"what-not\" you may want to cram in there, depending on your style.- affordable at $20- availalbe on prime shippingCONS:- This model is one compartment. For speaker stands, you may want a 2 compartment model.- Lack of any impact resistance - the bag has no padding at all. it is just canvas.- It would be great if they made one of these just a little wider to be able to accomodate music stands.DETAILSIn one of my 50\" bags, I was able to put:- 4 folding mic stands- 1 music stand, other than the top piece with the shelf (that does not fit, even if the bag was empty.)- 2 folding guitar stands- and still had room for some more if I wanted to put more in.- bag was getting kind of heavy at that point.In a sconed 50\", I was able to put:- On Stage Stands OSS SS7761B Speaker Stands- They fit with extra room on the ends in this 50\" bag.- There is additional room to add mic or guitar or music stands- I am considering exchanging this one for a 2 section 50\" bag so the speaker stands are separated, but probably will just keep this one.The bag has no padding at all - it is just canvas and a zipper and handles. When laying empty it is 50\" long x about 12\" wide and lays flat. Seems strong enough to round everything up and tote it around,But for $20, serves a basic purpose with affordability."
decent, holds 2 stands and maybe a few extra poles.  the bag's shape from side view is a rectangle -- compare to other stand bags that's more of a square. Zipper seems to be very good quality, the bag is NOT padded at all, and the material used is very thin, there is however a water resistant coating on the interior of the bag.I think I should have spend $10 extra and got the on-stage padded stand bag.  But if you are going for local shows and doesn't need the extra padding for air travel, this is the bag to go."
I purchased this for handling convenience more than any other reason. I useOn Stage SS7761B Tripod Speaker Stands, which are light duty, but awkward to carry. This case solves that problem. When I mentioned light duty in the title, I truly meant it. While I gig twenty times per month, nearly all are totally acoustic, with a small powered speaker for rooms where the pianist/vocalist has to project over a grand piano. On very rare occasions do we need a full PA, and that is where this case comes in handy. Moving individual speaker stands from my vehicle to the performance area is awkward. Transporting them in this case isn't.These hold up beautifully if used three or four times per month when a full PA is needed. I am not sure I would want them for the heavier, all metal speaker stands because the weight would quickly wear the case out. It has reinforced stress points, but I still feel those are not adequate for heavier stands.You can easily fit the two stands that I mentioned above and aOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand. The side pocket is good for incidentals like XLR to 1/4 inch adapters, patch cables and the like.Bottom line: this case is for occasional use only, and even then for lighter stands. I awarded it five stars because it does exactly what I need and is not touted to be anything but a light weight case."
Just needed a simple canvas bag to hold speaker stands on top of my pile of PA equipment on a cart. Aside from the two speaker stands, I can fit two mic stands and the bottom of a music stand. Very simple, sturdy canvas construction, thick zipper, two sturdy handles. I don't expect to carry equipment around in it much more than to get on and off my cart, so I'm assuming the stitching is more than sufficient. At $20, this bag looks like a great value."
These bags are large.  I didn't realize they would hold large tripod stands.  My other bags were a lot smaller and sometimes the tripods would stick out the top.  It would have been nice if there was two pockets so two tripods wouldn't touch each other but this still works great."
For the price, this 50 inch canvas bag is  great bag for toting around a couple of folded 9 foot light stands and miscellaneousbooms etc.I own other Gator products and have been very pleased with the quality and performance.Note that this bag does not have padding and does not have a divider but for the price paid, I still think it's an excellent bargain."
Excellent bag for tripods or stands that dont need a lot of protection. You have feel multiple microphone stands or maybe up to three speaker tripods in this. Affordable and easy."
I am extremely pleased with this amp. I purchased it because I was looking for a tube practice amp and this fit the bill. The numerous voicings and setting on this little gem make it worth far more than the asking price. Even though this is a low wattage amp, this sucker can get LOUD. The other reviews detail the exact specs much better than I could, so I will defer to them for that.However, this little amp packs a big punch when it comes to tone. I highly recommend it!"
The Fender Vibro Champ is a great little amp. I'm amazed at how good this amp sounds. A small light weight package with a good set of voices that outputs a decent amount of sound.This is a 5 Watt Tube amp with enough power to fill a medium sized room or the perfect practice amp. This is a much better and louder amp than the small $100 solid state starter / practice amps by all the major manufacturers. Fender uses two very standard tubes for pre- and amplification: 12AX7 and 6V6 (both are Fender branded tubes). These are nice clean tubes that react consistently.The amp takes about 15 seconds to warm up and draws 45 Watts.The cool part of this amp is the 16 voice settings. In reality the amp packs effects for 7 different amps, Tweed, Blackface, British, Hot Rod, Metal, Jazz, and Acoustic. The first five have three different levels of style each. Our other two amps are Marshalls, an acoustic and a half stack. If I'm being really honest, I like the sound of this amp a lot more than the half stack. This is a clean simple amp to use. The Marshall has a ton of tweaks that are hard to get exactly right.The volume level on the different voices is nowhere near matched. Some voices are incredibly loud, others are really quiet. Switching voices means moving that volume knob a lot. Sadly, the volume only goes to 10.Once the voice is selected, there are 5 effects settings possible with two or three level for each (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo). The F/X level knob adjusts the amount of the effect applied (set to 1, the effect isn't used at all). This is probably the least useful part of the amp. There is no pedal selection, so once the effect is selected and volume dialed in, you're kind of stuck with that until you fiddle with the amp again. There's no easy way to change the effect in the middle of a song.There is a gain knob.I like the speaker on this amp. It is nicely detailed with a good warm sound. The internal speaker is connected with a 1/4 inch jack, so it is possible to connect the amp up to another cabinet with a simple 1/4 inch speaker cable. Very nicely done Fender, most cheaper amps are hard wired to the speaker. The back panel also has a 1/4 inch jack Line Out.This is a great small gig or practice amp. The sound is outstanding. The amp is used with a 1983 Gibson Lucille and a 2008 Les Paul Standard Plus."
Bought this as a supplement to my other amps (to record blues tones).  I first saw it in a big box musician's store while there was a \"blues guitar session\" going which is a public jam session open to anyone.  They had a lot of tube Fender amps plugged in.  I was surprised when I plugged into this amp away from that group, turned it up, and started playing... It sounded just as good as those other amps.  The two employees that worked there and two other customers couldn't believe where the sound was coming from... even the other players checked it out.  I don't understand how Fender has managed to keep this amp a secret for so long... poor marketing maybe?  I don't know, but if you want a blues or blues-rock amp with some great vintage tones, check these out.  Pick up a used one.They sound like a tube amp because, essentially, they are.  The amp sounds big and warm from the tubes, not thin and tin-like.  Has GREAT overdriven tweed, blackface, and bassman models.  A couple of the Marshall settings aren't bad either.  This amp sounds better than the Super Champ to my ears (tried this out at the store as well) which makes sense since it's a class A amp as opposed to class B... warmer and more articulate.The speaker is decent but this amp also sounds great using an external speaker cabinet.For home jamming and recording blues without driving everyone nuts, this amp is a God-send.  Check one out and you'll want it."
Small. Light weight. Stunning Fender Blackface looks. Warm tube power amp that is both smooth and responsive. The digital voicing is direct and easy to set up. The fact that Fender has discontinued this model was a shock to me. It is one fine small amp that begs to be used in the recording studio. The direct out provideds a simple and easy way to hook up to the board for signal to recorder/mixer and still give you the amp's skeaker as a monitor for yourself. What could be easier? And it mikes well too, by the way. The choice is yours there.With no LED display (cost increase if one was there) and the plain use of volume and tone mixed with the drive, it's so simple to dial in a great tone that it just makes playing fun, and practicle too. The voiceing models from the amp selection are quite good and true to the amp that it replecates. The Tweed, Blackface, and Marshall voicing are all well done and lend to t
I got this for $150 dollars when it was on sale. I don't like 8 inch speakers for gigging, but it has unbelievably good sound when going from the line out into a PA. The 8 inch speaker is okay for practice, and it has a jack for an external cabinet. Be careful with the load you put on your amp though."
I've been using a very cheap amp for too long and decided to try a tube amp. This thing gave me chills the first time I played it as my wife was staring at me with open mouth after I unboxed it and turned it on thinking at first \"you wasted our money on this\" which turned to \"dang this thing sounds good guess it's ok with me\" as I begin to shred on it with my p90 equipped les paul..The tons of effects are very nice and sound very realistic, and for 5 watts this think can play ridiculously loud and clear in a large living room or small venue, though I don't think it is loud enough for a drummer. It has line out and speaker out which is great, and this amp has nice build quality. Plus it's on sale right now so snatch one before they're all gone. I would gig with this miked or even record with it and plug the line out right into recording device. Note that this thing takes about 15 seconds to warm up so you can't just flip it on and play instantly (not a huge deal, just turn it on before you get situated). I wish they could have crammed a 10 inch speaker in it, though the 8 inch in there sounds rather decent for what it is and is very efficient. So stop thinking about it and just go buy it!"
Use them all the time.  Has velcro too.  Goes from my DI or preamp to my audio interface.  Good quality."
Like my title says, this gets the job done, and is well built. Don't waste your money spending on premium brands like monster cable and get this instead. I challenge anyone to a blind test who can say they can tell a difference."
Nice cables for the price. Nice to have a good name on them, and very useful for my band's mixer rack setup."
awesome cord hope they make more and the world will be a better place, peace and love to you all !!!!!!!"
My Instant Order Update notice shows that I purchased this in December 3, 2010, and during the time I've owned this cable it has been heavily used and is still noise-free and perfect in all respects.  For context I purchased it to connect a mic tube pre-amp to a mixer, so it has been set up and torn down many times in the past two and a half years.Key points that earn the five stars is the heavy duty strain reliefs, which keep the inside conductors from bending and stressing. I am guessing those are why this patch continues to be noise free and provide a strong signal.  Also, the XLR connectors are of the highest quality. In the past I have cut corners only to find that small details like connectors do not always mate well. Not so with these. They engage and disengage without binding or looseness. Bear in mind that they have been in frequent use - inserted and removed hundreds of times.The outer jacket is fairly thick, which to me is an indication that the manufacturer did not cut corners when this cable was constructed.Overall I am pleased because this patch has withstood a lot of use and has held up perfectly. I would not hesitate to purchase more of this brand and model if I need additional ones."
The plastic piece that screws the wire into the end was made of VERY thin plastic, and cracked in two within a week of light use. I guess I can redo it with electrical tape to make it work, but I have many Whirlwind cables that have lasted me 15+ years. I expected more from this manufacturer, but I guess the quality is not the same as it used to be."
I bought this to &#34;daisy-chain&#34; two small Kustom powered PA cabinets.  Virtually all of the XLR cables available were way too long for my application. This cable filled the bill perfectly."
I buy many of these cable and they all test correctly with a meter and they all work great. So far I haven't had any issues at all. They feel well made and I will continue to use them for the bands PA."
This is a great xlr cable and does the job for what I need it to, which is attach my dslr shoe to an external shotgun mic.  It has low noise, clean sound/good transmission.  The only issue is that this particular cable, more-so than any of my other ones, is hard to get a locking click on anything it attaches to on either end.  Once it's attached it's fine, but then it's the same coming off, I have to pull much harder than with my other cables and it makes me worried I'll damage a microphone.  With expensive equipment, I'd use a different cable as the tight grip on both the male and female sides worries me."
I bought this guitar nearly a year ago. It was my first guitar. I never cared much for the sound. It always sounded out of tune, even when it was in tune. I eventually bought an acoustic guitar to learn to play and have been happier with it than this Squier. My skills are slowly improving but I wanted another electric so I sprang for a Epiphone Les Paul. Yes, it's 3x more expensive than the Squier BulletStrat - but it sounds 10x better.If you buy a Squier, I think you need to be prepared to make this a \"project\" guitar. You'll probably want to replace the tuners, pickups, bridge, etc.Or just buy a better guitar to begin with. At this price point you probably won't find much better but you probably want to spend a little more for a much better guitar."
Had it for about two weeks and I'm about to return it now.Things that I like(d):1. It's a classic Fender and I was looking for something of good quality with great price.2. Sounds clear and crystal good, unplugged.3. This can be subjective but I think this BulletStrat is more comfortable than a Les Paul simply because it's wider and thinner.4. All the previous four ratings here on Amazon and even higher ratings on Musician's friend.Things I don't like much:1. 15th fret of lower E string is dead, and like always I take quality control into my rating account.(I don't want to bother go to a local shop for a fix, never mention that's $20 in addition)2. I couldn't figure out why the tune nob never changed the sound (like not a bit)? (I'm new to electric but my Les Paul does change tunes... in a much much more obvious way)3. Talking about plugged sound, it's no where close to unplugged. Notes are pretty mixed up and not separated/clear, very loud though.4. I don't know if it's universal, I ordered new and get it with dirty plastic cover with scratches. What's worse is, they place this nasty cover in between of the panel and the components upon it which makes it impossible to remove... (I', not even sure if I can call it a protective cover because it's pretty weak and thin.)This 
I am so in love with my &#34;pinkie&#34;! I have been taking lessons using an electric acoustic guitar and I wanted to see the difference. This has a thinner neck so you don't have to stretch so wide, so it's easier on my hands. It's actually fairly light for an electric guitar and I went with it because it's by Fender and it does seem to have that Fender quality for the price. The only thing that I don't like is that it has a slight buzzy sound on the 6th string. I will know better when I take the originals off, but for now it wasn't a major issue."
With the exception of the MC-1 classical, Fender has upped the quality of every low-end guitar it's associated with. The latest &#34;bargain basement&#34; Squier Strat Bullet is no exception. As other reviewers have indicated, a Squier Bullet...straight from the box...is ready to give guitars several times its street value full-on competition. But why stop there? If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I'm a serial hot-rodder. And THIS is my favorite 'victim'. Why? Because it's such a sound platform to begin with (pun intended).The basic stuff on the Bullet is very good...and for many, it's all that's required. But let's quest after some serious, big-league sound. The first things to upgrade are the pickups. The standard ceramic-magnet Squier pickups do yeoman's work, but they're wonderfully eclipsed by top-drawer pickups from Lace and Seymour Duncan. My favorites? A Lace Red Dually bridge with a single Lace Hot Gold parked half-way between the middle and neck positions. The Lace Hot Gold value pack with a Hot Gold Hot bridge pickup. And the Lace 'patriot' Red, Silver, and Blue value pack. You simply have to hear the difference these pickups make to believe it...and all you need to find out is a Phillips screwdriver, a cheap soldering iron, some low-temperature solder, a pair of wire-cutters, option YouTube 'how-to' videos, and some patience.But wait a minute, hold the phone...what about the stock pick guard? Please memorize this: Chandler Guitar's Pickguard Heaven. Better yet, Google it. They're wonderful folks and they do excellently-affordable work. With a custom pick guard, virtually ANYTHING is possible (e.g. how about a Seymour Duncan Dimebucker bridge?)!The next thing to do is to block the tremolo (whammy) mechanism. Proper vibrato comes from the fingers. Period. A small piece of oak from Home Depot, carefully whittled (not for the guitar's sake, but for your finger's) can be easily wedged between the guitar body and the die-cast tremolo string-carrier by removing (and eventually replacing) six Phillips screws on the back of your Strat. Hey, now you're Eric Clapton.If you want bold-as-brass sound, the stock plastic nut can be replaced with a brass Strat nut, a bit of careful filing, and a tiny touch of epoxy or Gorilla glue. Why bother? A more forward lead guitar sound. If you play rhythm, don't bother.Finally, if you're a monster about precise tuning and have basic woodworking skills, the very good stock tuners can be replaced with state-of-the-art six-inline tuners from several manufacturers. Note well: most folks will be more than well served by the stock tuners.So what's then point of all this? For the price of one genuine American Strat (which is a VERY nice ride if you can afford it) you can have three or four, arguably-equally-excellent Squier Bullets with a diverse mix of pickups and resulting sounds."
My first Elec Guitar, I'm 60 years old, and this Guitar is PERFECT..If theirs better ones out there, then I can't wait to get one..I've got this one on a small 15 watt Amp, that's not a name brandAmp, and it sounds very good..So, needless to say I'm verrrrrrry happy, and love the blues and Jazz sounds I'm getting..B T W ...Who said learning the guitar was difficult..Piece of Cake, if u practice..Buy this Guitar, u won't be sorry you did..EnjoyJawbone"
The Squier Bullet that I have is actually the model without the tremolo, however, everything else is just about the same as the model you see above. It's a nice guitar for the money. Nice size, action, and finish. It's not a high-end guitar so don't expect it to sound like one, but for a beginner, it's pretty sweet. I bought a more expensive blues guitar and had planned on trading this one in or selling it, however, I like it so much, that I plan on keeping it as a back up. Parts are pretty easy to come by (with slight modifications, but that's to be expected) and fairly cheap too."
Great for a beginner electric.Needed new strings but everything else was smooth.Pick up a set of slinky strings and all is well."
It feels great, looks great, and sounds great. What more can I say? If you're just starting out, this guitar is perfect for you. Once you get better at playing it, you can customize it a bit more to your level of skill. Highly recommended."
This guitar just got stolen from me!!! Frikkin thieves, I loved this guitar from the moment it was in my hands, it is super light, unlike my other gretsch guitar, so easy to take anywhere, it can handle some rough playing, its simply awesome, specially for what it costs! I am SOOOOO getting another one :D"
Ok for the price.  Tuners old style not sealed.  PUP plate mal-adjusted and off quite a bit.  I'd suggest adding locking tuners or at least modern day versions.On the positive, action and intonation good.  Better than expected.  Much better than most Chinese guitars at the same price level.  However, I've purchased others that have higher quality hardware for the same or less.  That said, you'll probably do OK.Epiphone setup a
Many years ago I had a Fender Stratocaster and I had to get rid of it, so now I have the closest that I will ever get to that guitar again. This one sounds great and looks good, and the price is great as well."
I initially wanted a Yamaha Pacifica 012DLX - Guitar Center in Eugene claimed to have stock in website - but when I reached there - there wasn't any. So I tested an Affinity and a Bullet HSS instead - and thought the Bullet was pretty ok - but they did not have the color I wanted. So I ordered through Amazon - but I bought a microcube from Guitar Center as I'm greatful for the opportunity to test guitars.I waited for 2 weeks before I make this review so that it would be accurate and not based on initial impression.I received the guitar in perfect condition - it came in a brown box shipping with no pictures or nice colors. Just a few words SQUIER by Fender. New strings and scratch free. Made in China it says. However - it did not have sharp frets like I experience with some 100 bucks guitarsThe action came very high and I had intended to return it - but the guitar was perfect and I couldn't find any fault to return. So I proceed to setup the guitar through 3 long and painful steps: 1)Straightened the neck by adjusting the truss rod. 2)Then measured the string action height and set it from 1.5mm for the first 3 strings and 2mm for the last 3 strings. 3)Setup the intonation using a tuner. You really need a tuner for this step.After that, the guitar was splendid. It did go out of tune in 2 or 3 days but stabilized after that. I do not use the trem bar for fear of losing the tuning.After 2 weeks, I'm still loving the guitar. Beginners be warned - you may like the action or may need to do setup like I did. In fact I'm so impressed with Squier that I'm thinking of getting the Squier Standard Strat next - pretty curious of the Alnico pups.Latest review:Downgraded from 5 to 3 stars.I bought a Washburn RX40 with Duncan USM.The bullet is nice but I outgrew it.The tuners are hard to tune as they are not sensitive.The bullet has little sustain unless you want to experiment with it by changing strings, Tusq nut, locking the trem down.. etc.I'd recommend to save some money and buy something above $200. Guitars at that price may be twice the cost,.. but is more than twice better.The 2 important things are not in Bullet: the sustain and the sound.Latest review:The product is back at 5 stars!I got the sustain to improve by increasing the action.Fret buzz causes the the sustain to be cut short.There some sounds that a Strat can do that humbuckers type guitar fall short...like attack finger plucking."
These cables work perfect for connecting my mixer to my amp.  Not too long, not too short.  Just what I needed."
it works, got on time.  I am happy"
It connected well in the nady smps-x1 phantom power unit I bought! I'll update how I hook it up! Check!"
I use these cables to go from the balanced outputs of my digital piano (I have a pro model with XLR outs) to the inputs of studio monitors or audio interfaces.  Works every time.  Balanced signal is so much better...no more issues with ground loops or other problems.  Just clear as a bell.They were cheap and the build quality is fine."
What makes a good cable?  One that works.  I've had these XLR cables fail because the pins get loose, so I hope this doesn't happen to this one."
I needed a cable to go from my mic to the floor, just to plug in a delay effect (our PA doesn't have an effects loop).This is just what the doctor ordered.I just toss it in my gig bag with my vocal effects pedal and run the regular XLR from the pedal to the PA and I'm in business.[...]"
Not much to say about a XLR cable.It works.Average quality..does the job. No problems. Good price, came quickly through PRIME."
Needed a 6ft cable for home recording at my desk, all the other long ones would have made a mess under my feet, good thing there was this shorty. Nice cord, sturdy build, good sound. Electrons go through it and don't leak out so it's perfect i guess."
It's working ok, not for hard useI just use it on my PC table for karaoke online.with phantom mic it's well done."
I originally bought several of these cables to use between our DMX light fixtures. The day they arrived I happened to need a six foot cord on my live mic stand so I tried one of these. The cable is soft and flexible and I could not tell any difference in sound from the custom cable I had been using (that's a good thing, my other cable was very expensive).The connectors are not gold plated but it's an inexpensive cable, it's not pretending to be anything other than a decent low-cost XLR two-conductor shielded cable. It's working for me, I'll be buying more for our studio."
Good quality, well made. Its a simple cable, what can be said. It was a good deal, did the job."
I use it with home recording and it is great for my needs. I recommend this to anyone who records at home."
Often, we get what we pay for. After researching various pieces of sound equipment for weeks and weeks, I chose solid items for reasonable prices.I should've known better to skimp on what is a critical piece of the puzzle - the quality of the cable. This item simply didn't ever work - it arrived with a bent pen on one end, and even when we attempted to straighten it, it didn't connect well onto the mixer board. The microphone end was a VERY shaky connection with the most intermittent power conveyed to the mic.Don't buy this item - spend the relatively small extra amount and get a more reliable brand."
These cables seem to be quality-made.  I purchased them to go with my two microphones (also in the same Amazon order).I have yet to try them with my microphone."
Got this because I thought the length would be enough.  It was, but I wanted more mobility so went to the longer length.  Had no problems with this cable though.  Works great!"
I use this soft flexible cable between my 48 volt phantom PS, and the mic connector to my system because it need not be long to do its job. No audible hum detected when using this mic cord, either. Feels solid, and will probably last for many years to come."
For the price I think it's hard to get any better than this.  I love this case.  It fits perfectly in the overhead bin on planes.  It's light and feels comfortable when you carry it.  Had mine for 2 years now and no complaints, still as good as new.  The look is not that inspiring, but it protects your guitar.  Some reviews are mentioning faulty hinges but I've had no problems with mine."
I tried this at the store.  It looks like it would protect a guitar, but the latches are kind of large and clumsy.  The interior was nothing special either.  I passed."
I recently purchased a used American Fender Strat that came with the old tweed case...nice case, but doesn't provide the protection that I need for my guitars. The Fender/SKB case is built like a tank and provides great protection and it has TSA locks for when you travel. A no-brainer for Fender guitars."
I recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars, a Fender American Standard Strat and a Fender American Standard Telecaster. One was in the SKB Fender case ($99.95 on Amazon), the other in a Gator case purchased locally.  I was told it was just as good as the Fender case. Both ended up in checked luggage.  After 1 flight from Florida to LAX and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section of the Gator case gave up.  The padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case.  Neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but with the padding loose, the Gator case is going to require some repair before it can be used again. Other than a couple of scuff marks on the SKB Fender case, it's as good as new.  I just ordered another SKB Fender case.  The Gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips with cheaper guitars.  The SKB Fenders will be my airline cases from now on."
Sturdy - great latches - I love the handle - so comfortable to carry - nice and big so it fits your hand well.Not a lot of interior storage - but my Strat fits well - it is very secure inside.There is enough room inside for a strap and a cleaning cloth, a few picks and a set of strings - but not much else.My old case I could also fit a Boss TU-3 tuner - this ensures a thinner, lighter case.The case is also very well balanced with the guitar inside.If I purchase another Strat I will purchase this case again. Great case. Heavy duty. Rugged. Sturdy.** 10-23-2012 - still holding up well!"
Acquired a 1993 strat without a trem and ordered this one. It fits perfect and even though I'm not a huge whammy user it's nice to have for that occasional vibrato."
Bwarrrrngarooroorooroorooroororooro beoooooooooooghreaeaughneneeeneeeneeeneeeneeneeneneneee.Meedlemeedlemeedlemeedleleelelelelemememememe wee weee weee weeeweeeweeeweeeeweeee.Doooobleeedooobleeedoobleddoo dszchewieeeeenrarraaarraararrraararara derrroughroo roor orroo roo roo roo roo rooroo.Juh juh juh juh juh juh juhj uh sqweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooorrrgh. Du Du .Duh Duh!Hendrix, bro.This arm fit my Mexican Strat perfectly.  I then sold it to a beginner guitarist for a great price.  I firmly believe that this small investment of vibrato arm greatly increased my return.  The only problems is that I'm not sure I can afford to pay the capital gains tax for all the profit that I made on my guitar investment.  I might have to sell one of my Lexuses.. Lexi.. what the hell is the plural of Lexus?"
Say it all, but the replacement is milled finer and has better threads than the original piece.  A great upgrade when adding new parts to the inexpensive but fantastic Squire."
This arm is a direct replacement for the original.....  It is a bit to long for my liking and I may shorten it down in the near future."
this tremolo arm needed to be bent outwards a bit in order for it screw down enough while still clearing the volume and tone control
It works as advertised.  Replaced missing tremolo bar.  I don't normally use one, but if I ever wanted to sell the Strat I would want to sell it complete."
Very nice quality part.  Fit the trem very snugly until some of the chrome plating was removed. But my Mexi-Strat is now complete."
Background:I'm a gear-head, with an affection for pedals and always looking for amps that take them well.  Before my current set-up, I played a Fender Strat run through my effects into a Vox AC15.  The Vox sounded great but I had two problems: 1 - The all tube amp made me worry that my amp could crap out in the middle of a gig. 2 - At 15 watts, even though it was loud, I'd often have to crank my amp to keep up with the rest of the band, and as the tube amp increased, so did it's natural gain.  That would normally be sweet, but it would color my effects with a different tone, and often times leave me having feedback issues.Enter the Fender Frontman 212R!This thing has TONS of clean headroom, and it seems like it was built for pedals.  I can crank the amp or keep it quiet, and there is no tone changes done to my effects.  This is a benefit of a solid state amp with high wattage and lots of clean headroom.  It makes it easy to dial in your sound every time, no matter what volume you play at.Secondly, it's Fender reliable (with a 5 year warranty).  No tubes means no tube issues.  Yes, it doesn't sound as good as the Vox by itself, but that's why I have pedals.Other things worth mentioning:It's not as heavy as my Vox (all tube) amp.  I can carry this in with one hand and my guitar case with another.It's got 2x12inch speakers.  They push some serious sound, and they have some low punch too.  My Vox had a better speaker, but the 12 inch by itself would often get stressed at high volumes.  This amp puts out a wall of clean sounds that can put you down!My Vox may be a better recording amp, but this is a better gigging amp every day of the year."
I had two of these and wound up selling one because I never used it. The one I kept is currently serving as a keyboard amp for two keyboards (simultaneously): aRoland RD-300NX Digital Stage Pianoand aRoland V-combo 76 Key Stage Keyboard. I was able to do this because there are two inputs on the front of the amp. Input 1 is designed for normal sensitivity and Input 2 is designed for guitars with active pickups. Thus far I have had no problems with both boards connected at the same time, and it does not seem to matter which board is connected to which input.The sound is impressive. Exceptionally clean, and the amp provides controls to allow you to contour your sound, which helps significantly when running keyboards through it.  Moreover, the amp is loud if you choose to make it so, and even at high-gain settings it has ample headroom.If you want distortion, this is probably not the amp for you. You can switch it from clean to drive to more drive, but it is essentially still a clean sounding amp. I find this to be a plus, but I have met my share of guitarists who think otherwise.Another great feature is you can daisychain these amps using the Pre-Out on the master to the Pwr-In on the aux amp(s). You can also use these two jacks to run an effects loop. I personally have no use for those features, but I can see how they could be useful.Overall, I love the amp and wish Fender made a single 12\" model because it is pretty heavy and bulky. Those are hardly significant complaints since I sometimes regret selling my second one because if something happens to the one I still have I would replace it immediately."
First I bought a FM212DSP on the recommendation of a sales guy in a store. That was my mistake. I was looking for that \"Clean Fender Sound\" without paying the big bucks.Well, here it is friends, in all it's glory. Tons of headroom, so clean it can squeak if you want. Tele players should fall all over this thing as a practice amp.  Young players who are not heavy metal will absolutely love this for the price. It's LOUD, it's clean, and there is a fair amount of distortion in it, although you have to coax the distortion out of it.  Add a Danelectro Distortion pedal of some sort off Amazon for distortion and you're home. I own nine amps, including Fender, Crate, and Peavey tube models, and this is cleaner. If you play C&W;, look no further. If you fingerpick, this is your amp. Electrified banjo, mandolin or violin?  This is the amp!But, if you follow the darker side, keep looking..."
Try to get the version w/the black cabinet for around $300 as that's what most major music stores are charging. In any case, I was really looking more for a twin 12\" speaker to pair with an amp head but those can cost as much, if not more, than this combo!The clean side of the amp is exactly that - very very clean. This amp has tons of power to spare. In your house you do not have or want to turn it up beyond 3. Can't even imagine what the 8 or 9 might be like. I have my own separate effects stomp box so I can let this amp sound like almost ANYTHING. The big plus here is that unlike with real tube amps that need to be cranked up pretty much to get the right sound, here you can have it set on 2 and still get pretty much any amp sound (I am using a ZOOM MS50G). All in all hard to beat, for practice session as well as small to mid size gigs. Only thing I miss a bit is a headphone jack."
I have been playing for 9 years.  Have owned many different guitars and amps, tube and solid state.  Currently own and use...Marshall JCM2000 DSL 100 w/1960b cabMarshall MG half-stackFender Super Champ X2 w/Carvin cabFender Frontman 212rLine 6 Spider III 120 Watt 2x10Kustom 35 Watt Combo 1x12Out of my solid state amps, this one sounds the best.  In fact, this amp sounds great, gets plenty loud, is affordable, and is not some junk brand you have never heard of.  Has a great clean tone with a lot of low end.  Reverb sounds great as well.  A little overdrive sounds good too unless you use too much, gets quite noisy and loses its clarity.  Remember, this amp is NOT for metal.  If high gain is what your after, then stay away.  If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  Also, unless your playing with a drumset, this amp is overkill as far as volume goes.  100 watts is not at all necessary for the bedroom guitarist. If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  All in all this amp was a good buy and I recommend it to anyone in the market for a solid state amp in this price range....But this wouldn't be a very good review without having some cons.  So here are mine.  These are by no means deal breakers but I find them quite annoying.POWER SWITCH IS ON THE BACK?-I find it annoying to have to reach around the back of the amp and feel for the power switch every time I turn it on.  It is especially annoying if you are like me and have limited space and stack your amps on top of each other.  With another amp sitting on top of my Frontman 212r, the power switch is even harder to get to.EFFECTS LOOP IS ON THE FRONT?-The last thing I want to see on or around my rig is messy wires everywhere.  When using the effects loop, one has to deal with looking at two more wires hanging down over the front of your amp when they could be hidden in the back.  Not the end of the world but I just don't understand why.  Why Fender why?FOOT-SWITCH JACK IS ON THE FRONT?-This one is not so bad, but just adds more messy wires to the picture.REVERB IS NOT FOOT-SWITCHABLE.-Foot-switch includes \"Channel\" and \"Boost\" buttons.  A third button for \"Reverb\" would have been AMAZING.CAB IS MADE OF SUPER CHEAP PARTICLE BOARD.-Not that I expected anything different in this price range, but the \"wood\" used is so soft, that you CANNOT pick it up by the back.  I could easily break a piece off with my bare hand if I wanted to, no exaggeration.  I know because when I first got this amp I went to pick it up and I immediately stopped myself because I could feel it about to break.---BOTTOM LINE---BUY if...-This is the best amp you can afford-This matches the sound your after-You need the 100 Watts to be loud enough for a drumset-You want the Fender name and sound without the huge price-tag.DONT BUY if...-You play metal/hard rock-This is your first amp-You only plan on playing at bedroom levels-You can afford a tube amp"
These tuners look and feel great. I used them on a Warmouth neck that I purchased for my strat build. It was kind of a pain having to drill the 2 holes for the prongs on each tuner, but that is the way it is designed. They would be a suitable replacement for Fender tuners should one ever break.The gold hardware looks awesome on my guitar."
Warning the tuners have two bumps instead of one. When I looked at the picture it looked like there was only one but there is two and I didnt find it anywhere in the description. Anyway it just lost one star for that I still put them on my guitar and it looks bad a@#!!!!"
I put these on my Dlx Players Strat but it wasn't a piece of cake. First problem... no instructions came with the package. Found a method done by another searching online. Served as a guide. Second, after removing the old Fender Tuners I noticed the new tuners didn't fit into the slots. This meant drilling out the holes by another 1/8 of an inch. Blue tape both sides as to prevent marring. Third, the new unit using a tightening center nut rather than screws to the headstock. There are also with two dimples. I used a ruler clamped to the headstock for keeping straight alignment and another clamp to press the dimples into the tock for drill bit placement. Then carefully drilled two holes per tuner. Take you time on all of this as not to damaged the finish on the headstock. These rest was simple. Install the tuners and tighten the nuts is now a breeze.  If you are not mechanically inclined then I strongly suggest you go to a Luthier as this is more than a simple replacement job. For the price you think they at least provide specs and some instructions."
These are a direct drop in replacement on Fender Standard (MIM) stratocasters, Fender American Standard, Fender American Deluxe.I have replaced my tuners of this style with Fenders locking version that looks just like these but has a thumbwheel on the back.Unfortunately, the locking ones are difficult to get in a gold finish. (But you can get them, ultimately.)I ordered a set of these non-locking ones - the finish is nice and is the deep dark gold that matches fender's /schaller's gold hardware. (not all gold hardware is the same color gold). The quality is good and they look and function well. However, I returned them because they are not locking...I ultimately decided a locking tuner was more important for the guitar I was building.If you just want gold tuners, don't care about the string locking feature, and are playing a fender strat or tele - you can't beat these. By comparison to a lot of the gold tuners, the price of these on amazon is quite reasonable too."
These are great tuners, and they look great.  I've never had a lot of interest in locking tuners, except on my floyd rose guitars."
I was doing research on a new guitar rig and I kept seeing this amp mentioned. Almost all of the reviews I read were positive. I decided to order it for a home practice amp when I don't want to dig out my main rig.The build quality is solid - it feels like a much more expensive amp. Many amps in this price range seem cheap and poorly constructed. I was really impressed with the packaging, the documentation and the build of the amp. This is my first Fender amp and probably not my last.The sound quality is amazing. Being a heavier rock/metal player, I would never have chosen a Fender amp even for home practice. The first channel has a wonderful clean tone and the second channel has several modeled amps. The tone ranges from clean to jazz to high gain. There is even an acoustic model, and it sounds pretty good too. There are a ton of Youtube videos of people demoing the sounds of this amp so I won't go much further into this.The included effects are simple but pretty cool as well, and can be switched on and off via the optional foot switch.Overall I'd say that this is a great amp for the price, and like many others, I highly recommend it."
I will start with saying this is NOT a Class 1 Tube amp; meaning ALL tube in the pre-ampAND the amplifier sections. I will also say that if you can find one used - buy it. It is awonderful practice amp and can also serve well as a studio amp or a small gig amp. Ipurchased this amp about 2 years ago and love it.The Super Champ XD is considered a 'hybrid' amp. It uses solid state circuits and tubesto bring you your hybrid 15 watts of sound.  The power amp is all tube and the preampis solid state and tube. I am not real technical when it come to amps but can tell youthis amp has had some detractors and a lot of fans mainly because it is a hybrid. Thereis definitely plenty of opinions out there on the web.This amp has two channels; one clean Classic 'Blackface' tone channel and one channelthat uses digital signal processing to dial in 16 effects and 16 different amplifier voices.You can purchase a foot switch for about $25 that enable you switch between channelone and channel two.The amp also has a 1/4\" Speaker Out so you can connect an external speaker box if youso choose to increase your decibels with a bigger speaker. There is also a 1/4\" Line Outto connect recording or sound reinforcement equipment. Unfortunately, there is not aHeadphone Output or Effects Loop.The amplifier use three tubes: 1x 12AX7 and 2x 6V6s. It's speaker is a 10 inch, 8ohm'Special Design' Fender. If you want to get louder, fuller and cleaner you could replacethe stock speaker with a Eminence 'Rajin Cajun'. You can also just break in the stockspeaker and see what you think. Some players are comfortable with the stock speaker.With regard to tubes and speakers there are plenty of forums out there that talk about themods they use and the subsequent results from those mods. This is an amp you can easilymod and after a few years there have been plenty of people doing just that.I will say that the clean channel is very nice whether I play through my Gibsons or myFender Tele. I very much enjoy the clean Blackface sound of the amp. It will breakupwhen you dial up to about 4 or 5 on the Master.The Digital Voicing Processor(DSP), from what I read from more experienced players, arepretty darn close to the original. Voices like, Tweed, British (Think Vox jangle), FenderHot Rod, Metal, an Acoustic 'super clean' tone optimized for finger picking. There is alsoa clean Jazz tone that has the 'character of the Fender Jazz King amplifier'. Again, I amnot that experienced with all of these tones but many players have positivecomments about the digital voices.With regard to the Effects (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo) the opinionsout there is that they are serviceable but not authentic. It is often recommended to buya pedal specific for the effect you are looking for if you want 'authentic'.If you want or need  a highly versatile voice channel with a wonderful clean channel thisis the amp. It  weighs only 25 pounds (10.9kg) so it's portability is very good. This ampwas a wonderful deal at $300 when I originally bought it in 2011. It is still a good dealtoday - if you can find one used."
That's not to brag but to illustrate my experience with AMPS. Everything you can imagine. This AMP ranks up there with the best of them. I'm surprised as I've hated (with a passion) every DSP solid state amp I've ever played. This hybrid is incredible. The effects are excellent. The built in compression is amazing and the amp works excellent for recording. It has many onboard effects but I have racks and pedals that outdo those, so I don't use them for recording.It's not a band amp unless you're an acoustic band or your drummer has electronic drums. It's 15 Watts, but it's loud... it's just not quite loud enough to get those cleans over the drums, though you might be fine for overdrive -- depending on the venue and situation.It's not going to emulate certain amps like a VOX very well, but it does excellent with a Fender Black face (excluding the tube reverb). It does a Bassman ok, but doesn't quite capture that chime and nuisances tone of the original '59 Bassman. Doesn't cost $11,000 dollars other. It does a Marshall pretty well. Marshall's based on '59 Bassman without the delicate touch, so there's no wonder. The acoustic gives a very clean sound and makes that clean sound more full, yet doesn't sound like a filter. 0, 6, 7, 9 and 12 are amazing voices. You can bypass that and use  it without effects or voicing and it sounds a lot like the original Super Champ.I also have a 2x12 Vintage 30 box I connect it to for even more of a wonderful fully dynamic and full rich sound. When I'm just playing around the house or need a quick recording and don't wanna have to dial in sounds with my Vox AC30 or Fender Deluxe Reverb then this my amp of choice. It is miles ahead of a Fender Blues Deluxe.Yes, this is indeed the best amp you will find for the price and the most versatile amp I've played outside of a $2000 mesa boogie.Buy it. In fact, buy two. This is a future classic."
If you are looking for really authentic vintage tones with tube warmth, this is a fantastic amp for you.Fender has done an amazing job with this amp.IN this AMP, you have:All of the benefits of tubes, warmth at all dynamic levels, as well as a lot of touch sensitivity to your playing.The CHAMP Circuit.  Forget the fact that you have Digital amp models built in too, you also have a 15w Champ tube amp with a 10 inch speaker.  It's not exactly a '57 champ reissue, but it is the same circuit with all of the character and spanky tone as any Champ out there.  (People who like a great Champ tone, would pay more than $299 for a great 15w Champ amp.)Add to this, 16 Digital Presets.  Fender gives you Digital models through a Tube Circuit of Tweed Amps, Blackface Amps, Hot Rod Amps, as well as Metal Amps, A Jazz amp and an Acoustic sounding Model.Add to that some preset digital effects including Reverb, Delay, Vibe, Trem and Chorus.  (Each one has several choices as well as a knob to increase or decrease the presence of the effect.)Everyone who reviews this amp raves about the how authentic and interesting the Digital Models are... and they are absolutely right.But this amp breaks new ground with the simple fact that you can switch directly from playing a song with a Tweed or Hot Rod tone directly to an authentic Champ amp.  Not a model of a Champ Amp, the real deal!The implications of this amp are really huge.  I'd love to see Fender do the same thing with a Pro Jr. or even a Blues Jr. Amp.  Perhaps they might go that direction in the future depending on the success of this amp.  who knows.  But what I do know is that this amp is simply bursting with character.The Digital PresetsFor me, the highlights are the authenticity of the Tweed, Blackface and Hot Rod tones.  I really feel like channel 10 sounds like a clean blues jr coming through the 10 inch speaker.  The tweed tones are syruppy and awesome.  The Blackface clean sounds like a Princeton, and I even think they were trying to emulate a Deluxe Reverb on channel 5.As Far as Volume...People ask, is it loud enough to gig with?  Sure.  It can get loud enough over drums etc.  But, I'd mic it anyway.  I get my best overdriven tones in the midrange of the volume.  Mic it and you can play it anywhere.The Only downsides...As much as Fender tries to throw a bone to metal heads, this amp really doesn't give Metalheads that much to work with.  It would be a great practice amp for any guitarist, Blues, Metal, Jazz or Country...But the Metal tones are not going to be as big and rectified as you would want them if you want to chug through some metallica riffs.Lack of a Mid Control.  I'm not sure that I understand why you'd have an EQ with Treble and Bass with no Mid control.  Personally, it's the EQ knob that I would use the most, but if you are switching between Digital Presets you have to work with the Treble and Bass to find the sweet spot for your mids.  To my ears, it's not in the same spot on all presets.  That one knob would make this amp a lot quicker and easier to use for someone like me who likes to bounce between presets.This amp is cool and unique. Which is why it will be the first digital modeling amp that is still worth something when Fender releases the next big new thing.  Line 6 and Vox tube/digital combos have really fallen quite flat and have no resale value after the next generation comes out.  Fender has found a sweet spot of value, quality and usability.  This is going to be a rare technological achievement that people will still hang on to and be happy with 10 years later.Truly a unique and versatile creation."
Well I love da Fender products, always have always will. I recently built me a nice custom strat, and had been testing out a few of the various mini-tube amps out on the market lately, (which is where I would categorize this amp) even though it has better tubes and more watts. These are my comparison testing amps, (I own both of the 2 amps below and have also tried a number of others in the music store down the road):Blackheart Killer Ant (12\" Blackheart cabinet)Vox AC4TV8 4-Watt 8\" Compact All-Tube Practice Amp with Celestion VX10 Speaker (also speakered out to the 12\" Blackheart cabinet)I've also tested all my amps in various ways by re-tubing them with a number of my collected tubes:Groove TubesJJ TubesSovtek TubesSvetlana TubesTung-Sol Tubes (gold)and straight out of the box, this thing beat them all of in sound quality, even with what a lot of people are calling a cheap Fender speaker version. I also plugged \"The Champ\" into my 12\" Blackheart speaker cabinet and it sounded even better using my strat (but I will do more speaker testing later). Fender amps have always leaned to sounding better with fender guitars, where as Gibson, Epiphone, type guitars really sound pretty good on the Vox and Blackheart models.Now when this amp came out, it was way overpriced but as always that price has fallin into a reasonable range. I mean the price of all of these mini-tube amps are minimal in comparison to the nicer ones, but again this thing is loaded with better guts, so maybe that why it screams better.... ya-hoo, me likey! Better guts, better performance, plus Fender has added an extra range of effects and amp sounds. Its small in size, light in weight, loud and easy to carry with you for jam sessions."
I bought this for my stratocaster build and it works perfectly. The holes lined up, it felt sturdy, and it is a genuine fender part.It isn't completely black though. There is a white stripe running around the outer edge. Not a problem for me, but it may be for some."
A genuine Fender part that looks great on my '10 MIM Strat. Good price and it arrived quickly as well."
I swapped out the pickguard on my American Standard to a black one so I figured I'd change the back plate as well. While nobody really sees the back, it drives me nuts when the front and back don't match. Because I didn't want to go without a back plate, as some people like to do, I picked this one up. The holes lined up perfectly and it literally takes less than a minute to install. You can't go wrong with genuine Fender parts."
Not much to say about this one.  It's a genuine fender trem cover, and it will do its job well."
Promptly received, nicely packaged with protective film on it.  Little bit of fiddling with it to get the holes lined up, b
The screw holes are just a shade off for my guitar, and you would think they would want to standardize so they didn't have to carry so many parts.  Nope, doesn't fit a Squire Affinity, just FYI."
Fit my MIM strat perfectly, not much else to say.  Always buy Fender parts for Fender guitars, dont be cheap and order china copies on ebay, they wont fit."
Does what its suppose to..only giving it 4 stars because they should have a multiple preset switch available rather then only letting you do one"
This switch goes with the Fender Blues Jr. III series of tube amps.  The connector is well hidden, it is up underneath the main badge on the back of the amp and you have to reach up underneath to find it.  These are single channel amps, the foot switch activates the Fat Switch, which gives a little extra boost to folks playing single coil pickups.  For an LP or other double coil the switch is almost overkill.  But this is the switch for that amp."
I needed a single button switch for my little Mustang I that I practice on. I've never owned the Fender model switch but I know what it is. It will do the job but it's lightweight and won't sit flat on the floor if the cord isn't laying exactly right. I searched a little further and ran across this switch on Amazon by scrolling down a bit. \"Marshall Footswitch, One Button With LED by AmplifiedParts.\" Folks, this thing is built like a tank. The casing is made of heavy duty (I don't know what gauge) solid steel. There's nothing rinky dink about it. I plugged it in to the FTSW jack, clicked the button, the LED lit up and the amp switched to the other tagged preset. Again, light went out and back to the original. It felt solid under my foot and I don't think one can tear the casing up unless they have a 3 or 4 lb. sledge hammer. I don't know how well the electronics will hold up (I just got it today) but the switch, again, feels solid like it's supposed to. It cost me $20.90 with shipping. It takes a couple of days longer to arrive than what we're use to with Amazon but it ships directly from AmplifiedParts, I believe. I'm a Fender fan but this beats their single switch. Thanks for reading guys. Lane H."
I've noticed that the two-button tremelo/vibrato pedals for the Fender Deluxe Reverb re-issue and Twin Reverb re-issue break down pretty quick. This replacement, so far, is hanging in there."
This is a simple footswitch that allows you to switch between two different presets on your Fender Mustang amp. It is very easy to use, and works exactly as advertised. This switch is not bulletproof, but works great for playing around with your small practice amp."
Mr Miyagi couldn't have said it any better.Robust, compact unit which I use with a Fender Rumble 75. Plenty of lead so I can position it where I need it, and thank heavens for duct tape."
Nice foot switch for the mustang amp. Able to switch from clean to distortion quickly within a song easily. Great quality."
Switches channels on my Mustang II like a charm. Would have received a 5-star rating had it been in a metal enclosure. It is plastic, but it suits my needs."
gives a nice little boost on my blues jr, however this is not a replacement for an overdrive pedal in my opinion, just more of a boost. wish it had a grippy bottom made from rubber vs a smooth bottom made from plastic..."
The fender 1 button footswitch is made specifically for the Fender Mustangs 1&2 It works exactly how i expected it to switches quickly and on point from effects though its only good for 2 effects (DUH!) the right angled plug is annoying after awhile because its RIGHT next too where you plug your guitar in and oftens get tangled with my guitar cord making it look messy. Other then that it gets the job done for when i practice & jam out with friends."
Bought this switch as the OEM for my son's Bronco 40 which gives you an off/preset 1/preset 2 switching set up.  Simple, light and does what its suppose to.  Not built like a tank, but better than the cheap after market versions.  Gives you lots of cable so that it is good and practical for real life gig set ups.  Cable and plug are solid, thick Fender quality components. Worth the money."
At this time, I am using this switch on my Fender Frontman 25R to switch between the normaland drive channels. The 90 deg. jack is perfect for this (and a lot of amps),as there are no dials in this area. I have run into the 90 deg. jack problem, and the onlysolution I have found is to use a Mono to Stereo 1/4 inch gender changer, or a short monoextension cable (which is what I normally use, as the stereo jack presents added problems) as nobody makes a 1/4inch mono female to 1/4inch mono male gender changer, which I have found to be more than a little strange.This is a very old style switch that is made in China (like everything else) but works very wellfor this simple task. I have 4 on hand."
Since I paid about $13 for this, I was not expecting a great deal. What I received was a decent enough floor switch for a Fender Mustang I or II. It works well as a way to switch between two user-determined presets on my Mustang II. Construction is about as good as I would normally get on a $13 item. It would be nice if the switch design allowed greater flexibility, but that's a function of the Mustsng II desi
This works great with the Mustang I amp.  Switches between to preset channels with just a tap of the foot.  A great addition to an already great amp.  At this price it's kinda like the amp itself-  a no brainer!"
I just bought a tweed Blues Jr. and love the amp. It's got a great tone, much better than the black one I had 3-4 yrs. ago. I just downsized from a 40 watt Blues Deluxe reissue and having compared them side by side I can say they sound very, very similar, as they have the same speaker, but the BJ is much lighter.That being said the fat switch really makes a lot of difference when taking a solo. I was actually surprised at how much it fattens up the tone, didn't do that on my last one. This pedal works great for that too, It feels very solid and it doesn't make any audible clicking noises that I can hear when engaging it."
I bought this for a practice amp for my bass guitar. It showed up on amazon when I was doing a search for \"Bass Guitar amps\", other regular guitar amps were not showing up so I was curious about it. After a bit of searching online to see if a guitar amp would work for practice situations, I thought I would give it a try because some people say yes, others said no. I wanted to test for myself. While I did get sound and was able to practice, it didn't have anywhere close to the tone I was hoping for. So I ended up returning it the next day. I'm not upset about the amp itself, just that it shows up as a bass amp off the search, which is the only reason I gave it a shot. For a regular guitar, this would be fine but not bass. I which they would take bass out of the key words or whatever was in there to trigger this to show up. I was in the market for a practice amp for under $100 and was hopeful, but what I ended up doing was buying a used Acoustic B20 1X12 Bass Combo Amp for the same price as this new practice amp and I am a lot more satisfied. Again, this review is strictly on the aspect of a bass guitar, not regular guitar."
If you're a metalhead, STAY AWAY!! I tried this on multiple metal pedals and the peavey Rogue G10 blows it out of the water. This thing sounds like CRAP with anything distortion. It's GREAT for jazzy blues and an ultra clean tone though or that classic fender crunch. But if you demand metal, get far away!"
Should have paid the extra $40 and bought the Mustang - oh well. The amp has light sound and not much control. Good for my small space though."
This is a cool little amp for practicing in a small room or playing to a small group of people.It produces some nice warm tones and can get loud enough for jamming with but is good if you don't want to be too loud. It has a headphone jack also. I like this so much I might experiment with miking it for gigs, never thought I would say that about a 10 watt.Fender choose quality over bells and whistles with this one. There is an overdrive on/off button with adjustable gain, volume control and a simple treble/bass equalizer. Other then that it is all rock. Physically it is built strong too."
For the money, this thing sounds just fine. I got it for my son to toy around with. He barely ever uses it, but the times it's been plugged in, it puts out pretty good sound for the price."
I recently bought this for my first electric guitar and I thoroughly enjoy it. It has a lot of power and noise behind it. It is a little starter amp, just in case the picture was a little deceiving. I cranked it up quite loud and it produces clean sound without terrible distortion. With distortion, it sounds great. It is a solid piece of work, and it makes a great practice amp and possibly a great starter amp."
Exactly what I needed for testing guitars and playing at home.  Same as what comes with epiphone bundles but with fender on it"
This Fender amp is the perfect size to practice or take along. It sounds great and I like the headphone and MP3 player hookups. Good value."
Every midi usb converter on amazon below 50 bucks seemed sketchy, but I tried this one with my Casio keyboard. Works on Logic and Garageband, however whenever I try to use modulation or pitch bend, it creates a actual note on my Mac and won't stop unless you quit the program. Be wary."
Great price but unfortunately this product didn't work for me. Fortunately I had no problem returning it for a full refund 
This works in some applications, but doesn't work in many others. Even when detected by the software, it will not work with Line 6 equipment. Too bad, because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop."
I tried with with my Macbook Pro with both Mountain Lion and Mavericks. Also with my Win7 x64 machine. I tried it with a variety of MIDI capable gear including trying to update firmware on FX hardware, sending and receiving MIDI PC and MIDI CC, as well as transmitting MIDI Clock in and out. I simply couldn't get this to work most of the time. Active Sense used on most Roland products seems to kill it completely.In contrast I purchased the -MU's Xmidi 1x1 Tab and it works flawlessly and without issue every time I use it.I should have totally returned this product. Instead it's in a landfill."
I bought one of these a couple of years ago. I used it to connect my Behringer BCR2000 (in MIDI mode, naturally!) to my computer for mixing duties in REAPER. It worked with no issues and I had zero complaints.A few weeks ago it stopped working (I had bent the USB connector and so I thought that was the culprit) so I bought another.The replacement arrived and installed with no issues, but I'm still having trouble getting it to send MIDI data into the computer. MIDI out of the computer to the Behringer is fine. I'm not sure if this is due to the adapter or some funky Windows update that's happened lately, but it's certainly not ideal! :(In my haste, having seen it install OK but without trying to actually use it, I discarded the packaging. Unfortunately the replacement is displaying the same symptoms as the first unit, so now it looks like I'm stuck with two possibly-broken USB / MIDI interfaces. I have reinstalled Windows, tried both with another computer, uninstalled and reinstalled the drivers, all kinds of good stuff and I still can't get either of them to send MIDI data into the computer. I was v-e-r-y close to throwing my Behringer unit away as I thought it was broken too!Thankfully I tried an old Yamaha interface and it is OK. This means I just need to get and buy some MIDI cables and I'll be back in business.So, I'd say buy one of these, and make sure it works before you throw your packaging away! When they work they're absolutely great and they're SO cheap! If you receive a lemon, return it and order another. It's worth it if you're not in a hurry. If you *are* in  a hurry then order a few of them, or just get something else.I'd also like to advise people that reports of MIDI latency with these devices is quite probably a misnomer. I strongly suspect that the speed of transferring MIDI data into your computer through this device is much faster than you think, and the actual latency you're experiencing is that of converting your MIDI data into audio. This happens inside your computer and has **nothing** to do with this device's performance; it's purely down to your hardware and software configurations. All this talk of ASIO is only really going to help you on the audio side of things. If you're using this device to record MIDI data then you should have no issues at all... as long as you get one that works! :-)Cheers."
The cable came in the time it was promised. It worked immediately upon installing it on my Yamaha keyboard to my windows7 computer. My music program had no problem detecting it and using it."
When I plugged this into my computer and keyboard, it said one MIDI device detected, but I was not getting sounds from my piano onto my computer. I simple took the MIDI in and the MIDI out and switched them, and the problem was instantly solved. If your MIDI is not working right, try what I did, switching the cables to the opposite side. Sounds ridiculous, but it might save you a bit of time. :D"
I was able to connect it to my PC. There was a horrible delay between the keyboard and the PC, but once I installed better midi software (CoolSoft VirtualMIDISynth) and turned down the delay, it's nearly realtime. I had problems getting it to work on my iMac. It recognized the device's presence, but it didn't produce any sound on the computer."
I am very pleased with the product.  It has performed better than I had expected.  I recommend it highly.  I shall probably order more from this company in the future."
Doesn't wotk with V-Amp 3.  Doubt it works at all.  Red light always stays on and I've never seen the green light."
I don't know how this will work with other MIDI instruments but I tried it with the Roland TD9 drums and although it does transmit the data, the drum map is totally off. The respective triggers (hihat, hihat pedal, etc) are translated into all sorts of wrong information and while you can manually compensate for some of it on the PC end of it, it was just a freaking hassle. I needed this to be more flexible and able to record directly to my Notebook (which doesn't have a MIDI input) but I gave up in the end and went with my desktop PC and its MIDI interface."
It works perfect with Cakewalk Music creator 5 and a Digitech vocalist. Best price out there."
I've been using this for a year to home record through midi and its a great buy. This was so much less expensive than a lot of other ones but it works just fine. No regrets on the buy at all."
My advice- spend more and get something that will work with all applications.  Cheap midi may get you there, but if not you have to buy another.  Yep, always the gamble."
Cheap, works great for playing and foot controllers. Will not handle bulk dumps, so I have to use a different interface for programming and backups."
My puppy destroyed my name brand midi cable.  I bought this to fill the gap until I could by another name brand but since it works so reliably I'll saving my money for other things.  If the puppy murders this one I'll order up another one just like this."
I needed a nice sounding classical guitar for dinner gigs.  I went to the large Guitar store and tried out several in this price range and couple hundred above and settled on this one because of the sweet sound and workmanship.  For the money I don't think it can be beat.  Mahogany not plywood sides and back and Cedar top make for a really nice mellow tone and a bone nut and saddle thrown in for good measure.  Bone does make a considerable difference I have found.  All the finish is excellent.  Now for some down sides.  Yes the frets were not finished up to par on the ends.  As for leveling it seemed OK.  So I took some time and masked off the fret board and finished the frets flush with the fingerboard and rounded the sides and tops.  Cedar will scratch and nick just looking at it.  You can make your own clear plastic pick guards to any size by going to Wal Mart and in the material sewing department you will find clear plastic in large rolls.  You can buy a half yard long x 54\" and make enough pick guards to last a life time for a couple bucks.  It clings to the gloss finish nicely. (Do not use this on old guitars with Nitro finish it will eat the finish instantly)  Same goes when changing strings.  Put some masking tape at the end of the bridge on the top to prevent the strings from scratching the Cedar top.  Overall like one reviewer said this guitar is hard to put down.  I put a Baggs I-Beam pickup in it also.  Easy installation and nice natural sound.  It is nice as it does not have a big EQ cut into the side of the body."
I've been playing guitar for 40 years. This was my 1st decent classical guitar. I own a Gibson Hummingbird and an Alvarez acoustic as well as electrics by most major manufacturers. I like the fact that it has a truss rod which I've already adjusted to improve the action. The tone is very rich for such an inexpensive guitar. The finish is pretty and I like the solid cedar top. It records very well and sounds as good as more expensive models. The case is nice as well. So far I've had no problems. I bought new strings but haven't replaced them yet. The old strings are very worn but the guitar still sounds loud and &#34;alive&#34;. I'm sure new strings will also improve the already wonderful sound."
Just starting out (again) playing guitar and ordered up this Classical. From the moment I took it out of the box I was impressed. The finish was really nice and the sound is awesome. Seems to stay in tune pretty well too. For under $300 you can't go wrong :-)"
This is the first guitar I've bought without playing it first, so I was apprehensive. But it's a fine guitar. It's plain to look at - no decoration or embellishments, but the sound is rich and full, as if it were at least ten years old. I like the nut width and the action is perfect for my playing. The tuners are geared low, which allows precise tuning. It came with Savarez strings - not the best I've used, but good. And I was pleasantly surprised with the gig bag. It's strong and durable, and well designed. All in all, I doubt I could have found a better quality product for such a low price."
We went to the local GC to try out different guitars, mostly blind to the price, just looking to see what we liked best.  After a couple of hours, we found ourselves repeatedly coming back to the Cordoba C5.  It has a nice resonant sound, good playability, and very attractive finish.  The room we were in at GC had classical guitars up to $1200 and we really didn't find a guitar we liked better.  We had a $50 coupon, so we bought it from GC, but afterwards took it to our local music shop to have their tech look it over for us.  He was also very impressed, especially with the fact that unlike most classicals, this one has a truss rod adjustment.  It required only some minor adjustments and not a complete setup."
I snagged this beauty during a holiday sale here on Amazon and this baby is wonderful for the price. I previously had theLucero LC100 Classical Guitar Black (Black)which I was completely happy with as a beginner. When it got damaged beyond repair, I looked into theCordoba Dolce 7/8 Size Classical Guitarwhich was absolutely wonderful but I decided I didn't really like the size, so after liking the Cordoba brand I decided on the C5.It is absolutely a wonderful guitar at this price range. The Lucero was great for my level and it was decent enough to look at but the C5 has a vibrancy and deep tone to it that I was surprised to hear from a budget guitar. While it isn't it the prettiest guitar out there, it's by no means ugly. Even though mass produced a lot of quality is still apparent in this guitar.The smell of this guitar is also amazing. It doesn't have the cheap wood glue smell of other low-end guitars, but a nice rich smell of wood. Even after a few months, kept in a humicase, the sound is great and that fresh wood smell is still present.All praise aside, it is not a flawless guitar. My main complaint would be that the action is really high but this is something that is pretty common with new guitars, especially those at a lower price range. Not necessarily a flaw but something to be aware of: being a cedar guitar, the wood is very soft so I recommend wear soft clothing without buttons or zippers on it while playing because these will leave small dents on the back of the guitar.I do enjoy the padded gig bag and thought that it was a nice touch to the package. It is a high-quality gig bag with lots of padding. Inside the bag is a velcro neck rest with a strap to keep the guitar in place. It also has a large front packet that is large enough for a few music books. When I ordered this guitar from Amazon, the guitar shipped inside the gig bag and inside of a big box. I had no issues with shipping and the guitar arrived safely.Overall, I do not regret this purchase and once I take it in for a setup to get the action lowered, it will be a superb guitar that I will enjoy for years. Highly recommended!"
The picks we received were \"Legacy\" and not \"Alice\" brand. While not as pictured, these are good enough for us as we (my daughert, son, and me) learn to play guitars. The mix of different thicknesses was fairly even, so we were able to select the one that felt \"right\" for each of us.The pearliod looks good a
Wow, is what my teenage son said when he opened this on Christmas morning.  He loved the variety & number of picks!"
This was a terrific deal.My son loses picks all over the house and plays electric and acoustic, so I decided to get this mixed batch and he says they are great."
I've been using these picks for eight months and they last forever. I lose them before they wear out. I'll be buying and recommending these for a long time."
These picks come in a large range of sizes, but most of them are way too thick to play any guitar with.There is a really funny smell to these when you first use them that gets on your fingers, but it goes away after a bit.They seem to be decent quality. The thin picks have not torn on me yet and the medium gauge picks dont wear down too quickly.These are ok to have around the house to play with but I would not recommend them for live performance."
This was a great purchase.  A bagful of pretty picks to help my son with his new guitar.  Good thing there were so many in the bag because he seems to keep losing them.  Great price and purchase."
Made of leather or high-quality pleather, so it seems built-to-last. I use it on my Seagull and it totally works great. I would definitely recommend, but it's kind of expensive for what it is."
very smart & handy design that my acoustic guitar doesn't have to be drilled a hole for.  it's very easy to buckle the guitar strap on the neck & its botton button of the guitar, that is!"
I may have misunderstood the product description but I prefer the string tied to the end of my acoustic over this. My issue is that it makes my guitar really high up when I play in a standing position and there is no way to adjust the strap the make it longer. If you play sitting down a lot then this would probably work for you. Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn't what I thought."
Nothing special here. If you don't like doing the shoelace thing with your acoustic guitar strap, and you don't want to bore a hole in the heel, then this is a nice compromise. There are slits on both ends of the leather, which means you can reverse the button if you don't want the logo on the front of the guitar neck/headstock. You could even flip it inside-out and have the soft leather side exposed. I subtracted a star because I think the button should be made out of metal instead of plastic."
Purchased it to use on a 00-28 slotted headstock Martin and it just didn't fit well for me. Also found it extremely difficult to attach and remove. A string style worked a lot better, was a lot easier to attach and remove, and provided a lot more options for where it good be placed."
I bought this for my Sigma DMC-15E, it allows my guitar to hang better than the lasso type headstock straps and looks much better, they leather is very high quality and is very supple."
For those Martins and Sigmas, as well as, other guitars without a neck brace button, this is the secure way to connect your strap. Forget the leather shoe-string clipping that comes with some straps, this is secure and won't ever end up with loose ends on the first fret. Nothing to tie or untie, a quick button connection is all that's needed. Just make sure your choice of strap is long enough since the distance to the neck is greater than the guitar body. Doesn't improve functionality but, the matching logo is a nice touch for Martin and Sigma guitars."
I have a Martin D35 acoustic and strapping it with the string knot around the neck is honestly a bit annoying to do - so i figure what's a $10 investment going to do for me?make things easier and CLEANER LOOKING - that's what!i like it because it really just makes puting the strap on the guitar that much easier and removing it again an easy task.I bought the martin strap to match the color.Martin 18AMS2 Martin Leather Guitar Strap - Brownjust being a martin brand nut i suppose!"
Am totally pleased that I did not have to drill my guitar to use a strap on it ! Works great,get one!!!"
The connection strap is a great enhancement for my D18 and fits wonderfully. Just one caution...I noticed a couple of scratches on the neck near the Headstock and finally determined that the \"Button\" was pressing on the neck when in the case.(I have occasion to pack and unpack several times per month)  It's easy to connect and disconnect so that's the \"Prevention Mode\" I now have in place. Wonderful set-up and I highly recommend it to to ALL Martin Owners!"
Why didn't I think of this? Is what it is and does what it says its does. From Martin, nuff said!"
This was a bit hard to install; over or under the strings? We tried both. Over the strings, it would slide below the nut, which isn't good. Under the strings, and it muffled a few. So we kind of WOVE it, above some and under others. Other than that, it works fine, holds the strap with no problems. And it puts the name &#34;Martin&#34; on the lowliest box guitar ;). In hindsight, I'd have probably just got a strap button and mounted it to the base of the neck. But if you don't want to do that, and hate the &#34;lace&#34; approach, this will do the trick. It may even fit better on different guitars, ours is a 50 year-old Norma (that actually sound AMAZING considering its origins; guess old wood just SOUNDS better). And the price is VERY right to be able to claim you own &#34;A&#34; Martin, lol."
This beats using a adhoc string going around the headstock on my Martin. I've heard horror stories about these devices coming loose and the guitars going head first into the floor! Strings might look tacky but they'll stay on there if tied properly!Just make sure the button portion is thru the hole in your strap SECURELY, then pulled it snugly so it won't pull out."
This is a vey simple fix to a constant problem with guitar straps and where to connect the strap to your guitar.  It goes on in a jiffy and the over the neck strap connects easily.  It is a great idea and worth the cost.  I hate having to drill a hole in my guitars."
This is what I have been looking for for my accoustic guitar.  Makes my life easier when I pack up and set up the equipment."
I like to attach ALL of my guitars by the neck/headstock instead of using thetop button, and have just used the typical shoestring in the past, but no more.Once you get this baby on the strap, it is not going anywhere.I have a few of these installed on guitars (and one bass) I play a lot.They (obviously) give a lot more support than a string, and will not dig in tothe finish as a string might.Give it a try, you just may like the way the guitar sits, as you don't get the neckdrop that comes with just attaching to the body of the guitar."
Just what I needed...easy to attach and saved drilling a hole for my guitar strap. Works like a charm!I recommend this product."
This audio adapter works perfectly.  Why spend any more than you have to to get rich sounding audio.  I'm able to use headphones and listen to a song while a different song is playing through the main speakers."
I used this to create a custom sound card on my macbook pro when using Traktor Scratch Pro.  Did not end up doing what I needed with it, which was to be able to preview (there is a new toy on the market for that now) but it was good for adding additional channels to my limited macbook pro sound card.Good in a pinch!"
I primarily use this as an usb adapter for my headphones, so that I can connect/convert the 3.5mm headphone jack into my pc.The audio adapter is well built. It has a yellow LED light that is solid when plugged into an usb port and blinks when there is a device that is connected to it through a 3.5mm jack.Installation was flawless. Windows 7 64 bit installed drivers immediately.No issues. No nonsense. Simply works!"
its working great, but it does not work in stereo. It is a mono adapter, the stereo adapters are a little more expensive."
Great quality. I bought this at the same time as another 7.1 HD USB sound card, but that one break. This one has lasted. My only complaint is that even with the sound all the way down to 1, it is still fairly loud and I end up turning down the volume in whatever app I'm using."
Works well with my PC notebook and my MacBook Pro.  Sounds good.  Amazing for the price.  Good buy. Can'd go wrong."
This product has a mono-microphone input and a stereo headphone output.  It is meant for connecting a headset to a USB port.  Since the headset has a mono-microphone, this adapter works great.  The drivers automatically install on microsoft operating systems.  This product is great for using a soft-phone or other communications program.  The windows systems remembers volume settings each time it is connected.  I imagine that you could use something other than a headset with this, but it was mainly built for a headset.  Works seemless and great with a headset."
For Macs but fyi it goes out after 45mn and just need to be unplugged and back in. Not a big deal."
I got this to use on an old Mac computer to allow me to use some equipment that needed more than a line level output. It works great for that. Haven't used it for anything else, though, so cant comment there. Seems sturdy and well made as well."
The audio jack on my laptop was failing.  I had to wiggle and twist the headphone plug until I could hear both channels.  By that time half the youtube video was over.  What a hassle!  I'm trying to imagine how can I crack the case, get in there with my soldering gun to replace the audio jack when I ran across this great idea.  A plug-and-play USB device with both input and output audio jacks.  Took about one minute to install on my Dell Inspiron, which recognized it immediately.  Problem solved quickly and elegantly.Shipping was free and prompt from the Amazon partner.  Good job, Platinum Micro, Inc.I understand the input jack is mono so don't try to use this as a quasi recording studio.  And consider the availability and accessibility of your USB ports.  Then, order this great little solution to a big problem."
I've owned just about every muff.  No Triangle or Civil War.  But this is my favorite muff thus far.  Way more versatile than any other muff.  The switches involment in the the circuit really isn't too elaborate, but then again all bypasses aren't.  I love wicker on and tone off.  Cuts like a buffalo.  I hate to have a bunch of fuzz's and distortions in my chain, but its there right next to a Keeley Fuzz Head, a Analogman Peppermint Fuzz, and a TS-9 modded to an 808 w/ Brown that I modded myself.  I love this Muff!  I can't wait to see what they do next.  Plus...  These new EHX pedals are build tough as nails and full true bypass.  If you like muffs, you'll really like this one.  If you didn't like muffs before, you'll probably like the wicker feature, it makes it far more clear and pronounced and less of a glob a goo and more distortion/ fuzz friendly.  I give it four stars, because the five is only meant meant for devices that you just freak out and half to have, for me the Keeley Fuzz Head is a five, I love that thing."
This pedal is awesome. I use it the most of all my pedals, because it's pretty much perfect. I can get 4 completely different sounds out of it. It's also true-bypass, so it will not effect your tone when it is off. It's much smaller than the big muff pi, which is good because it takes less room on your pedalboard. Just to let you all know, this is NOT an overdrive or distortion pedal. It is a fuzz pedal. So don't buy it expecting overdrive. Also, when it's turned on you will hear a hum, but the web says that it has to do with flourescent lights, and muff pedals hum alot. None of that makes me dislike the pedal. It's one of the hest fuzz pedals ever. I use it in front of a wah, and that's all I'll ever need to use pedal-wise. Get this pedal!!!!!!!"
As a disclaimer, I am not a Big Muff connoisseur.  I've never owned one before this.  I also tend not to like fuzz as an effect.  I'd characterize this box as a cross between distortion and fuzz, maintaining enough definition for chord work.  If you're reading the reviews, you've probably already done your research on the features, but I'll cover them anyway.Three simple controls, Volume - Tone - Sustain, with the Sustain control being more or less a Gain control.  The enclosure is a smaller, pedalboard-friendly size.  The pedal incorporates two of the (supposedly) most popular Big Muff mods with switches, Tone and Wicker.  When Tone is switched off, the Tone control and its tone-shaping circuitry are completely disconnected.  In this mode, the distortion applies to the entire tonal spectrum evenly, and it also produces a significant volume boost.  The Tone knob does nothing.When Wicker is switched on, it removes three high-frequency rolloff filters that were added to the original Big Muff circuit to smooth out the sound.  Disconnecting these makes the sound a bit raspier and rougher, with a high-end frequency boost.I use this pedal running into a mild overdrive, the Catalinbread Dirty Little Secret, which \"conditions\" the signal.  I play with the Tone off and Wicker on, and even with the Volume and Sustain controls set fairly low, this combination results in a wonderfully thick, massive distorted tone that is still pretty smooth.If you're looking to get a Big Muff, and you're not a snob about which version, the switchable mods on this one are really great for experimenting to find your own sound.  Not to mention that, at this price point, it will be much cheaper than some vintage Muffs.  Highly recommended."
My Big muff PI with Wicker had hellacious noise, I mean unusable. I noticed it would change with movement so I pulled the back off and immediately found paint overspray where the grounding spring from the circuit board meets the inside of the housing. After aggressively scraping the paint off, the pedal operates as I would expect it to.I really like the tone and aggressive drive of the big muff and the Tone and wicker switches are nice although I find that with the Wicker opened up/ON the noise level gets marginally too high; so long as you're playing hard and loud it's not really an issue. This pedal isn't designed to be quiet when you're not playing so don't be fooled there, it is normal for it to make some noise when there's not guitar input/strumming. The bypass on the other hand seems to be clean as advertised.I'll be keeping the pedal and like it but the lack of QA from my proudly made in America fuzz pedal was a bit of a let down; fortunately I found the problem and fixed it myself to avoid a return."
First things first, this is a fuzz pedal (and on the heavy side) which mean it provides thick ground shaking distortion and sustain.  This is very different from normal distortion so noise is to be expected whether you are playing or not.Second, a true bypass switch (like in the Big Muff)is a mechanical switch as opposed to Boss type pedals that have buffers which color your sound even when they are off.  Mechanical switches make noise are are louder the more durable they are.Ok so now to the actual sound which is amazing.  This pedal has a tone of versatility because not only do you have a lot of options on the pedal itself but it reacts dynamically to the knobs on your guitar.  Since I play a Les Paul with 57 classics I will often turn the volume down to 8 when using this otherwise the bass can be overwhelming (but awesome). Strat and Tele players probably wont have the same issue with single coils.  In addition the Wicker and Tone features all for more sounds that just the original Big Muff or you can just turn them off to get the original sound.Great for: Black Keys (they use a big muff), Weezer (think My Name is Jonas), certain Greenday songs, and basically anything where you need thick and deep fuzz with the option to tone it down if need be."
the mat is only a few $ neoprene (kind of) mat, the neck holder thing is inserted in the tube that contain the mat... TAKE IT OUT very very carefully, I was only careful and the base of the neck holder broke a bit...In my opinion this thing if priced $15 or $20 less will be what it really worth on the market.P.S.The Wise Man Say:Do yourself a favor, use a long pillow over your desk to tune up/intonate your Strat or Tele and use this $$ to buy good strings! :D"
It works! This guitar support couldn't be simpler. The neck rest is a molded plastic cup with that soft spongy material inside the neck support. The mat is a thick light weight foam mat (a bit like a yoga mat) with a hole cut in it. The neck support cup goes through that hole. That's it for set up. The mat protects the guitar body. The support cup holds the guitar at exactly the right angle to work on it, change strings, adjust the truss rod, work on the pickups, or clean the guitar. The guitar can be placed in strings up or down.This wouldn't be a difficult DIY project, but I'd be missing out on that cool Fender logo if I made this out of wood and a yoga mat. Honestly, this looks really sharp put together.The whole thing comes packaged in a clear plastic tube. That tube is an excellent storage tube."
This simple tool helps protect my guitar from scratches when I'm changing strings, or just cleaning it up.  It's a foam cushion with a neck supporter.  It rolls up together into a small and convenient plastic tube for storage.  Well worth it."
The description says it all but I was still wondering if I made the right choice because I was comparing the \"Fender Accessories 099-0502-000 Guitar Tools\" -what the heck kind of name is that anyway?!- with NO reviews to theJim Dunlop NC65  Formula 65 Neck Cradle Maintenance Stationthat had some pretty good reviews.Well, I cannot speak for the Dunlop but I can say that this kit is light weight, self-contained, has storage space in it, and it works if the guitar is face-up or face down.It also has pad to keep your guitar from sliding - and the pad keeps the neck rest in place so it does not topple over!  I do not see anything like that mentioned in the Dunlop NC65.On top of it, I think the neck rest & pad inGuitar Setup & Maintenance - Instructional Guitar DVD With Denny Rauenis this one turned over so the \"Fender\" logo is not showing..."
This product makes changing strings on a guitar easy; a must for anyone with any type guitar. It is basically the same thing sold or made all the major brands of guitars. It holds the guitar secure while changing strings or making adjustments. It also is easy to store when finished."
Yes this product is simple and expensive enough to raise some eyebrows. But this tool is very well designed. It keeps the guitar from sliding and positions it at a nice angle for maintenance. In storage mode, the mat rolls up into the clear plastic tube and takes up very little space. The bottom cover doubles as a storage compartment for your hex wrenches, string winder, and feeler guages.But the real reason I give this product five stars is because it allows me to work on my guitars while keeping them in perfect condition. That increases their resale value, so the tool pays for itself. And it gives me a lot of pleasure to have the right tools for the job. With the right tools, I enjoy working on my guitars almost as much as playing them. While I hear what those complaining of the high cost are saying, I am used to paying higher prices for good tools and I think this qualifies as a good tool. I used it to put new pickups in and setup my Squier Stratocaster last night without damaging my guitar. Without this tool, I don't think I would have been so lucky."
If you own a guitar and just use this to change your strings it will be worth the investment. It protects your guitar from getting banged up and nicked up. Supports the neck and guitar body perfectly to perform work on the guitar."
This is a must have! Really! It is pack very well, and I use it everyday!Please get one of these if you are tried of paying someone to do your guitar setup."
Long wait for overpriced item.  Arrived on time but there was a 3 week wait. Overpriced but was expected as Fender name on product.."
Not much to day, it's a polishing cloth, it cleans your guitar, and it does it right. Good price too, nothing to complain about."
Yup, it's O.K.  Nothing special.  I don't know if it's the best one out there but it does the job."
Purchased this for my son to use on his guitars.  He absolutely loves it. Has been wanting a cloth like this for his guitars.  Prompt shipping, great price, great product."
This Fender Treated Polish Cloth; a soft ecru colored cloth with a cut scalloped edge all around is asimple product. The classic Fender logo is in the left upper quadrant of the cloth. The resealableplastic bag this cloth came in had a label that read, 'FENPC1' and states it's size as being, 12 inchesby 15 inches.Well, its size, as I measured it, is actually 12 inches by 14-5/8 inches. Just wanted to mention itbecause I have seen some people get mighty upset about things like this. Me, no problem. The missing3/8 of an inch is a minor detail. Go to a lumber yard some time and look for 2x4s. Now, you won'tactually find any actual '2x4's. They've been shrinking for over 50 years.I am not sure what this cloth is *treated* with but it does not feel any different than the UN-treatedGibson polishing cloths I have purchased. I also gave it the nose test. I thought there  might be a hintof, or a whiff of, some polish or something. Nope. No scent. No whiff.What I did find disconcerting is the warning in 'Product Details' section on the Amazon web page. It isthe fourth bullet down: \"California residents: Click here for Proposition 65 warning.\"  Below is thewarning verbatim from Amazon. Kudos to Amazon for posting this warning.* ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ** \"California's Proposition 65 entitles California consumers to special warnings for products that* contain chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other* reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain* threshold levels. We care about our customers' safety and hope that the information below* helps with your buying decisions.* We are providing the following warning for products linked to this page:* WARNING: This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer* and birth defects or other reproductive harm.\"* ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *Just thought I let you know about that one. I guess the missing 3/8s of an inch  is really no big deal atthis point. You just need to worry that, in your concerns for keeping your beautiful guitar sparkling clean,you could get cancer. WoW.  Back to the review...The Fender cloth is just as soft and just a little bit bigger than the Gibson cloths but not much differencebetween the two. Well, the Gibson cloth does have a whip-stitch edging around it. Other than THAT, notmuch difference.When I use the Fender cloth on my Fender guitar there were no marks left and no smudges left. I  like tokeep the neck especially clean and polished on a regular basis and it seemed to do a good job at that. Idon't use it on the body that much because it is not as exposed to my dirty oily hands as much as theneck.So, based on the fact that Fender made a cloth that does not scratch or smudge my guitar I will give thisamazingly boring and uninteresting ecru colored cloth 4 stars. It appears to do  what it supposed to do,and that is polish your guitar without harming it.It gets one less star because of the California Prop 65 warning. I suppose I need to take this a somewhatseriously so I docked it one star. I will definitely be washing my hand right after using it.So far no harm has been done to any guitars in the writing of this review. For the future I am not so sureabout me. Thank you, and say, 'Goodnight', Gracie......Note About Vendor: GO-DPS responded admirably when my cloth did not show up on time. It was 4 dayspast the delivery date. I e-mailed them. They responded quickly and then put another cloth in the mail tome that came in an appropriate amount of time. For such an inexpensive item they went the distance incustomer service. I will use them again in the future."
Nic epiece of cloth to wipe my strings and it looks cool with fender on it. happy buyer Thank you very much"
Nothing exciting about these things, but they do the job well. I polished my 1991 Gibson Les Paul with this recently and I'd forgotten how shiny and beautiful that guitar was. Does a great job."
Great polishing cloth. Not much to say here other than it works and works well. Removes all the fingerprints and polishes my baby up like new after each practice or gig. Can't go wrong."
My kids were excited to split this pack of picks. Since there were two of each in the pack, they didn't have to argue over who got which pick. These are very unique and a nice way to personalize your playing. I think these would make a great gift for a grandparent or parent who played guitar in the 60's and 70's."
I like those guitar picks and their colors, they are well designed and useful, it comes with different shapes and colors, that makes them easy to locate if you lose them on the floor or anywhere"
the reason I bought them is I only needed a few, I live in BFE and there is no real place to buy any on my drive home from work, so I got these and delivered to my doorstep,, all is well with the world"
The guitar picks were exactly what I was looking for. I like hard picks and these were the ones I needed."
These picks have proven their worth when I thrash them on my strings in an epic guitar solo or extreme metal I find myself playing all too often. Great picks, would buy 'em again.Bottom line:These guitar picks are outstanding."
They have no grip at all they brake and ware out in a hour or so of hard playing there just junk for newbie that don`t know any beter but hey what do you expect they are made by D Addario get some real picks like Dunlop Tortex"
Always looking for reasonable pricing.  The picks were as good as advertised online, it met our expectations and pricing was good."
These are very nice looking guitar picks. I've used these and don't have any problem with them.Thanks, Austin Garcia"
This package of picks is of good colors and good weight. They seem to be easier to hold and pick without being to stiff."
these are well made...good enough to give to buddies and have a few in every guitar case i own..will purchase again..enjoy"
10 picks medium which came in a clearly marked pack from the company. Cheaper than going into town and mailed directly to me. Good deal. Will order again!"
I'm not one to use picks much so when I do I prefer a light pick. I will be handing some of these to fellow guitar players because 25 will last a very long time. It is fun to share :-) For those needing a light pick go for these. Recommended."
These work fine; no cracking, they come in a nice assortment of colors, and they're easy to see when they get dropped."
I think picks are like, well you know, a personal choice, I bought these cause they are simple, inexpensive and will compare to others I have. Been using these lately. Would buy again."
What else can be said about them, they're good picks. They strum well, they pick well and they look good"
Good price for an pack of pickups. Any guitarist need a pack of these because its not too heavy and very durable."
These are good picks and produce a great tone.  They're better than most picks at sticking to my sweaty fingers."
i bought 10 pack of this and i'm still using one so far and is still good. nice quality and good price too."
I purchased the l0 pack picks for my son who just started playing the guitar.  As in all beginners they want the best and he loves the color and design."
this picks are great for hard rock since they are heavey but not that heavy for solos. I play a lot of metallica songs with it an they are great."
I purchased these along with a new guitar for my daughter as a present. So far, so good. You can't beat the price. Thanks."
I have played guitar for about 12 years and these picks are now my favorite picks ever. I can't really explain why, they just feel right. Sometimes they break, but what pick light pick doesn't unless it's nylon?"
The picks are very comfortable and seem that they will last well.  I have not had them very long but seem to do well."
100 picks for 20 dolares? Hell yeah! I'm really happy with my new picks! It's really cheap and the quality is good!"
Not an expert at string picking by any means, but they do what I need them to do just fine."
I reshape my own pics on my grinder, and use nothing but heavy picks,  There are just guitar picks.  They are what you order.  I fix mine up by adding stair tread floor stuff, so they don't slip out of my hand."
great product for the price, I mean they are guitar picks and medium picks at that.  Nice gloss finish and the designs on them is pretty cool"
These guitar picks are just the right thickness and stiffness for comfortable playing.  The colors are nice as well.  I would recommend these."
Guitar pics, what more can I say.  Nice feel and look.  Never can have enough because they seem to be prone to theft! :)"
They do what they are meant to do. No complaint for the price and they have a pretty dang cool lookin design to them."
I like the Jim Dunlop .60mm pitch black guitar picks best.  If you want your electric guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a BOSS GT-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg."
Excellent guitar picks of medium hardness.  Picks come in multiple colors that fit your fingers perfectly.  If you are a beginner or just play infrequently why pay more?"
I bought these (light)picks because of the price. They work good if your strumming some light rhythms, but they tend to be weak and break if your strumming a fast song. I guess that's to be expected for a light pick."
Love the colors and the price can't be beat. Wished maybe they came in yellow? Other than that, great picks."
These picks have served me very well. I am happy with the quality of all of them. I would purchase additional Planet Waves Assorted Pearl Celluloid Guitar Picks"
It is all preference. I prefer the cactus picks. These slide around in my finger to much right now. To each his own."
These are high quality picks. Medium is my personal choice & they did not disappoint me. Will buy this brand again."
I have a few different brands of picks at home right now and these Planet Wave Picks are much nicer than the others. They are clean cut, smooth finish. Nice texture and looking. I reach for these first.Would and will buy again and recommend!"
They are good quality guitar picks, and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for some guitar picks."
Hey it's a pick, it's 10 to a bag....I lost one already so now I have 9.  I my world that's good stuff."
Good medium picks, decent feel and sound.  Would recommend for practice picks, pretty decent on noodling.  Girlfriend likes the colors. hahaha"
These picks were a good deal. They are pretty cool looking and I will be able to use them for a long time. They are durable and they were a better deal than many other picks."
They're my favorite picks and I always buy the medium ones! I'm sure other picks works just fine, but these are always my preference."
Very nice guitar picks for the very fair price.  I like them very much.  Of course I am just a beginner."
I've probably used every type of pick out there at this point in my life, and find that Planet Waves makes a good one at a fair price. Picks will always be a subjective thing, every user has his/her own preference, so trying out as many as you can can benefit you in the end. These are well made, last quite awhile, and they don't even look bad, try them out, you might just like them :-)"
These picks were a filler item for a much larger order.  I can always use guitar picks, however these are very pleasing to the eye and have a good quality feel."
Our teenager really likes these.  As a beginner guitar player he likes the variety and was able to find out what types of picks he prefers.  Have not broken one yet."
These are high quality thick guitar picks. The colors are great. Unfortunately I would have expected a little better packaging. I know the company is trying to save money, but having them in a tiny plastic bag and tapped to a piece of paper in the envelope was a little less exciting to receive. Almost didn't know what it was because of this. Just seemed like a bunch of advertisements and mail."
I'm new to the guitar and I'm just discovering how to use picks and what picks work best (for me) with different guitars and different effects. I like these for my acoustic Ibanez dreadnaught. The pick seems to help me get that deep bluesy sound from the D'addario strings. They are comfortable and I like the feel in my hand. The mediums suit me. Maybe it is all personal taste but I think they are worth buying. Amazon pricing is great. The picks feel great and I'm having a good time."
Not bad for the price they have it for. Multi color and easy to use. Durable pick, would recomened for you to buy it"
very nice guitar pics, sound almost as nice as metal guitar pics, very lovely, size was as expected, great sound"
I bought these guitar picks for my son. He really likes them a lot. I would definitely buy them again."
I've been playing for over 30 years and these are perfectly fine guitar picks.  Not special but not disappointing either.  As long as your hands don't sweat a lot you'll be fine with these.But a real \"assorted\" pack of picks should be more than just assorted colors.  A real useful assortment would be a pack with different thicknesses.  I like to experiment with different types of picks.  These \"assorted\" picks are really all the same, just different colors."
ok i don't have much to say, just i love it because its cheap nice and i don't know i just feel happy to buy this product"
My mother has a habit of stealing my picks so I always order from them. They always give me good picks to use."
I bought these for my music class. The teens really liked the colors to choose from, and I like the price!"
I honestly don't know alot about guitar picks but they seem to get the job done no problems here I have been using the same one since I got them and have not broke it yet lol"
Great picks!  Nice flexibility and easy playing no matter what your style.I would recommend these for any guitar player!"
Not much to say here. I have a bad habit of putting picks in my mouth and chewing on them, effectively destroying them, but with these, I don't know what they've done and put on the surface of these things, but it is gross. Haha, it killed my bad habit of chewing on picks."
I bought these to fill the Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder that I also purchasd.  Nice selection...and the price was right."
These feel very good but they wear off quite quickly, so not pick taping and easy with the struming. Also watch it if your alternate picking is with the pick almost at vertical."
received them in four days....just in time for my first lesson....Can't say much more than that because I am just beginning lessons and don't really know what to look for yet...."
I like the quality of the picks. Not too hard or soft and quite fit to my play style. Thanks!"
Guitar picks. What can I say? I bought these along with my first guitar, so its not like I have a preference. But they come in a pack of 10 so there are plenty of spares when you lose them, and you will. Definitely good enough to start with until you gain enough experience to know the difference between all the many kinds of picks."
I once bought a guitar case that came with a variety pack (from light to heavy) of Planet Waves picks. Since then, I've used nothing else.I've found that the light picks, (.50mm) are perfect for me. These obviously don't last as long as thicker picks, (but still last a very long time), and they suit my playing style and the type of music I play better. The picks are comfortable to hold and are attractively designed in a faux mother-of-pearl style. I'll definitely continue to buy this brand in the future."
Trying out a few new types of picks and different weights. I found this pick very responsive, flying through the scales on my Les Paul. The pick's weight was perfect. It's durable and easy-gripping."
It is all preference. I bought a couple cactus picks and I like the fact they stick to my fingers better. These are slick and seem harder to keep track of."
What do you say about a little chip of celluloid? Well, almost everyone I know who plays has a preference in guitar picks. These do it for me. I like the look and, more important, I like the feel in my fingers and on the strings. They also seem to make a good, clean sound. I use an Ibanez electric and a Gibson acoustic as my favorites out of seven guitars. Maybe, it's all in my head but, these feel good to me using any of my guitars."
These picks are really nice if your tastes run in the jazz pick direction. It's easy to play fast tricky lines with the smaller hard picks. give them a shot"
great picks,, they are shorter for speed and maneuvering sweeps better not to stumble in strings when sweep,, so for me it works fine i do use Th turtle purple big ext HH as well but i like to try this for experiment to see how it helps spleen on sweeps etc,, nice picks well made"
Good picks but not a replacement for jazz 3 that I still prefer over this one, nice backup in case you run out."
I'm really happy with the Black Ice Heavy picks (1.10 mm), which I bought after being badly disappointed with my last order of Dunlop Jazz IIIs.I would call the Black Ice picks medium sized.  They are roughly the same size and shape as Fender 551 picks, but a little bigger than the Jazz IIIs.  They are stiffer than the 551s and perhaps a touch less stiff than the IIIs (and thinner than the IIIs too).One thing that may account for the nice way the Black Ice perform is that the edges are beveled and smoothly finished in a way which differs from the 551s (which I still like) and from the Jazz IIIs.In terms of playability, they are about the same to me as any other pick of this shape and stiffness.But the most important thing to me is the hardest thing to communicate to you:  The tone.  I love the tone I get with these picks, and the best I can do for you is to say that I was looking for a pick that would generate a solid, mellow jazz tone with an archtop - a tone that reminds me of say, Barney Kessel (but without Barney's chops of coursse).  This is what the Black Ice delivers."
I do like this pick, I bought a few different types to have a variety to &#34;Pick&#34; from.  A suggestion from my teacher.  Good suggestion, depending on what kind of guitar I'm playing on, it changes the tone.  I like this one."
Unless you have a taste for really thin picks, this material and thickness will suffice for all uses, both single-line leads and strumming. This pick finally got me away from my old favorite Fender tortoise mediums, though I do still keep them around."
I bought this on a whim. I was pretty satisfied with the extra heavy picks I was using, but wanted something with more grip. These picks have a logo and the company name molded in, which gives purchase to you pickin fingers to hold on to the pick. This seems to be a perfect thickness for some of my guitars that have silk and steel strings. With the xtra heavy picks I was losing what little treble these strings had. With this little purple wonder I got my treble back and still had great control for playing fast or playing hard.I like them so much I bought another hundred just in case the purple pick monster eats all my other picks.Its a great pick, its delrin or whatever(delflex) generic name they give it to avoid trademark issues, but its the best plastic for picks in my book. The tone is superb and the ease of holding is wonderful. I keep a couple of these in all my guitar cases.I recommend these if you enjoy playing guitar or just enjoy owning things that are purple colored. They don't taste like grapes however."
If you are prone to losing your guitar picks, this is a good set of 10 picks to have around all in your choice of a single color per pack. The quality is a bit better than the cheap fishbowl picks at the music store, but not as good as my favorite picks,Dunlop Big Stubby Picks, 2.0mm."
They are comfortable to use.  The Planet Wave logo gives me a nice grip on the pick; and I like heavy picks, so the \"heavy\" option fits my preference.  I've got a gig tomorrow night, so we'll see how they work then."
The Planet Waves 1FRD1-25 25 Standard Delflex Guitar Picks sound very good and easier to hold on to. They are very durable. I have always been happy with the Planet Waves products."
These are great picks, and YES, they are slippery.The reason is the material, and method of manufacturing:Delflex polymer picks are injection molded with a blend of acetyl, making them extremely durable and bright sounding. Unlike stamped picks, which are manufactured from sheet film and can have a different feel when rotated, injection molded picks have the same flexibility in all directions.These are probably the brightest sounding picks I have ever used, and it is well worth gettingused to hanging on to them.I use the 61MM for 10's on my solid body electrics, 76mm for my 11's on semi and hollow bodies,and 1.04mm on my Bass guitar; that's right, I use a plectrum on my Bass.You can get a pick that is easier to hang on to, but you may give away some of that bright snap to a softer to hang on to material like Nylon."
I liked these a lot. For the price they work very well, and I am very happy that I bought them. I got a couple of those straight-coupler things, but really their use is quite limited because input jack heights on different effects pedals are rarely the same height so you can't use the straight-couplers. You don't run into that problem with these - they can connect any pedal to any other pedal."
Like many say, they do slip out easy so you need to keep that in mind, otherwise for the price a
How much can you say about a patch cable. This is a good one at a good price.I recommend it."
They work well, but they are not Mogami.That being said, I use them in my rig, and bought some for my brothers. We both seem pretty happy with it."
These are very sturdy cables and really work well on my pedalboard. I expect them to last for a long time"
I'm using these cables to string effects pedals together; I've had no issues with them so far.  They seem sturdy enough for rough handling, and I'm not noticing any extra noise."
I found that these were OK but the heads were bigger than I could stand to use on my cramped for space pedal board.  So, they sit in a drawer as spare parts for other cables."
use them for home recording,  nothing on the road. for that purpose these are made well. wouldnt use these regularly for gigging wear and tear would break them down pretty quickly."
I ordered two sets so that I could set everything up in nice orderly progression on my stomp box.  Heard no evidence of hum and they seem to work just fine keeping everything in order!By the way, these are listed as  .5 feet (6\"), but actually are 10\".  Wish I had measured as I ordered a 12\" long cords thinking they would be twice as long.  Oooops, my bad when I discovered they were only 2\" longer!"
Well made, sturdy, and adequate for use on a pedal board or just to connect various pedals via the traditional way."
They do the job and are made well. I guess the high dollar cables are better but it's hard to tell the difference."
These little patch cables have been indispensable since I used them to set up my pedalboard. They're durable and tough, yet provide a high level of flexibility when it comes to using them in tight spaces inbetween effects pedals. I previously had been using some Fender Tweed patch cables, and they just weren't flexible enough, even though they looked cool for days. So if you're looking for a great patch cable for your pedalboard, look no further my friend."
If you're not using a pedal board these are just what you need. Good price....Good quality. I use them for the times that a short patch cord is better then tripping over longer cables.  I use them to patch-in additional effects outside of my pedal board and they're perfect for patching my amp head to a slave head.  BUT!!!.... If you're building a pedal board  AMAZON sells, solid, double- male,  connecters (Digitech PC-2 Hardwire Accessory Premium Gold Plated 1/4\" Male Coupler) that work great and really clean-up your pedal board."
I bought two sets (6 total) Great cables, no added hum.  The only down side. I will need to buy more effects pedals now and a pedal board.Good problem to have."
The cable is great material, the 90's with boots are just right and have a lot of strength for durability.  Price is right for sure."
What can I say, these are great patch cables.Solid connection, not too to stiff and no harmonics that I could detect.  And I've had crappy cables that buzzed when you looked at them cross-eyed - these don't do that.  No gold connectors and if you need the best of the best maybe you should be looking elsewhere.  For the rest of us, who are looking for good stuff at a good price, these are the ticket.Highly recommended."
These cords seem to be a hair longer than the conventional pedal-to-pedal cords, which is nice.  They also seem to be quality without bulky.  Some \"quality\" cords I've purchased in the past were stiff and bulky, when I needed more flexibility.  These cords strike that balance perfectly.Quality and value, so you can't go wrong.UPDATE:I've lowered my 4 star rating down to 3.  Over time, about half of these cords have developed a problem of coming unplugged from the pedal they plugged into, and this seems to be a unique problem with just these cords.  About half have worked great, the other half have this odd little issue."
I'm very pleased with this purchase. The cables are flexible, quiet and no pops or loss of signal. Not much else to say. Buy them."
I've bought a number of these for use on my Pedal board.  They have performed excellent with no failures, noise, or loss of tone.  Recommmended if you don't mind a molded cable."
I use these with my MXR Effects Pedals and they are awesome.  Top Quality.  I would recommend these to anyone.  Sincerely, Doc"
I have a hard time paying for a patch cable that costs almost as much as a 20' cable. These are not cheap but they are priced much better than others. And they Work Great! No loss of Tone through these cables. If anything I had to do some EQ adjusting because after using these I had a far greater signal (volume and frequency response) when I replaced my other patch cables with these!I Love Them!!!"
It works fine if it will reach your equipment, three more inches would be nice.  If it will reach, it's great."
Right size, well made, and these do the job. I prefer them at 90 degrees, so these are just right."
I was looking for something like this for a long time, if you are like me, that likes the analogical pedals this is a good option."
Trustable, quiet, good materials, durable, etc... Maybe these are not the best when its about helping with the space on the pedalB bcuz of their large plug'heads', but they do a perfect job with my guitar signal...and honestly, for me, that's what I need... Good stuff to have!"
I bought a bunch of these when I started building my pedal board.They're very inexpensive, but seemingly quite high quality.Tons of bang for your buck.Seemingly no tone loss, no added noise, and no coloration.The right angle ends are a little big and bulky, they may not do so well on a tight and jam packed board.But for average boards they work great!I gig and record with these. Great product!Only negative check b/c the ends are too bulky."
I bought a second pair of these. All I gotta say is that they do their job for a good price. Good stuff."
With how small pedals are getting the plug ends are bulky - even for a right angle - but they still sound good."
I have a real problem with these patch cables.  I got them as a christmas gift but they don't stay in my pedals' input jacks without causing problems and having to push them in on occasion.  Most problematic is the connection between my EHX memory boy and digital memory man... never had problems with any other cables here, but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust."
I figured I would splurge and buy these just to have some backup cables when I wear out the cheap guitar center ones (and have some that match). They are well built and feel like they can take some abuse. I will probably but 2 more packs shortly to switch out all my cables."
nice to get these for ur effects , they are great product , and does exactly what they supposed to, connect Ur pedals,,,great cable , short and useful, also quiet"
They are cheap when bought in the 3 pack and they are very quiet. I need to order a couple more packs though!"
I thought it was my jack for a while, then I noticed it wouldn't stay in any pedal.  There is no \"click\" assuring that the cable is in place... and there's a reason for that, it isn't! Slips right out of every pedal I have.  Not reliable."
I have been playing for 17 years and have seen alot of patch cables. These are great quality and for the price you cant go wrong. These are currently the only cables I use on my pedalboard. Short of monster or mogami, these are the best you can get for the money."
If you're looking for the perfect patch cables for your effects board, these are it. Very well-manufactured, durable, and reliable, I'll use these again and again"
Worked perfectly for my needs. I don't have a ton of pedals and just needed a few patch cables to connect them all. When it comes to quality of cables, I'm really not to picky about it. I know there's a bunch of gear snobs that turn their noses at anything they consider &#34;inferior&#34; in quality, which usually, from my observation, has to do with cheap affordable prices equaling bad quality and higher end merchandise is always super expensive. If you need some patch cables for your rig, these will do just fine."
These cables are really the best. They sound perfectly, they look and feel strong, their contact is perfect. Life time warrany. Recommended."
Planet Waves has built its company making affordably priced accessories and these patch cables are no exception. I bought these at a local Guitar Center for about the same price. The thickness and connectors seems to hold up well although I may look for a slimmer alternative soon as some other reviewers have stated also that the connector ends are a bit large and could become difficult to work with in smaller or crowded pedalboards."
These help remove a lot of the clutter from the pedal board.  They snap in the way they should and appear to be of good quality.  Just what I'd expect from the company."
I bought these to chain together some effects pedals for my guitar. They work very well. I don't do too much recording or gigging though, so I'm not sure how well they would work for those activities. But as for as practicing and just messing around at home, these work quite well and you can't beat the price. I've never had them short out and never experienced any humming or noise distortion. I definitely recommend these for anyone looking to chain some pedals together."
Its quality for a small price, good if you are looking for a budget wires.  Overall it is good to buy"
These cables are excellent quality cables, however, if you are trying to patch your pedals together in a closely spaced setup, these cables are rather bulky and stiff.The large size of the right angle connectors requires you to space your pedals out more than you might prefer, especially compared to some of the other pedal patch cables that are available from companies such as Hosa."
I purchased these for my little pedal board \"The stepping stone\".THese are very well made with the heads well secured. The plastic is thick and of a nice material.The cables come with a massive 5 year warranty so I'm sure they're not going bad anytime soon.Buy with confidence."
Great price and quality.  It is nice to not have to connect two pedals 6 inches away with a 10' cable."
No cable noise, works well with pedals that don't play nice with other right-angle plugs (like the original line of Aguilar pedals). Great little product, and I would buy them again."
This is a really good patch cable. Fits into different brand of pedals well and is really flexible with out feeling like its cheap. I was able to weave it in and out of the Pedaltrain Pro no problem. In fact I've order 4 more sets of these for the rest of my pedals. Highly recommended."
Just like the last reviewer, I also use this to link my MXR/Dunlop pedals together. They are surprisingly well made and I dont notice any signal distortion or drop off in sound at all. No cracklies, nada. I have been well pleased with these and will continue using planet waves cords. They are solid, durable, and reliable (and cheap as well).Enjoy!"
for connecting pedals in tandem, got two of these three packs been using them for quite some time and not one has failed yet.  Nice value as well."
Bought it after read reviews. I had signal loss using these cables.. it's like having a loose connection inside the cable. My connections were on and off, I thought I had a dead pedal.. I have to wiggle and hold to get signal. It's too flexible almost like Twizzlers (no kidding!). If you want a cheap and reliable pedal cables, go get the one from Pro Co, I bought it very cheap from Sweetwater on Ebay, surprisingly very good quality and looks durable!"
Great product. D'Addario always makes great products at great prices. I use these on my pedal board and they are always reliable and cost effective."
Great for linking close-quarter effect pedals. No noise and very durable. Great product for the price. I would recommend buying."
they connect my pedals and with very little signal kill. good buy for the price and nothing else is required. good quality with sealed connectors."
Needed patch cables for my pedal board.  They did what I expected them to do.  Not to bulky, and the right angle plugs save space."
I bought this planet wave cables because i have a Electro Harmonix OD Glove and a Line 6 M5, so i needed a small cable for both pedals. I highly recomend this model of cables, really works good with pedals and others."
I'm an enthusiastic amateur, which means I care about my gear, but it's not my living. I buy the best gear i can afford, but I can't go all Mogami for every cable I need. Planet Waves is dependable durable stuff at prices the weekend warrior  can pay.  These sound good (by that I mean they don't have any sound at all!), and are made well. The design is such that they will wear well. I'm very pleased with these."
really nice I found them easy to put on and to use on the guitar and easy to play. thanks"
I've been buying these strings for a while now. They sound clean and crisp. The best part is the price."
Great for beginners and experts. The sound is great and is easy on the fingers.  I got them recommended by a friend"
I like purchasing the 3 pack because I have multiple guitars and these were replacement strings.  You can't beat the price.  I have started purchasing a lot of my guitar supplies this way."
I am not a fussy person about guitar strings.  They either sound good or they don't to you and you are the one that matters.  I was very pleased with getting 3 sets at this price delivered to my front door.  There are so many different strings out there just go with the flow and look at the company logo on the outside.  Martin is at the top of the heap.  These strings sound light and bright. Very pleased with this purchase."
They are a wonderful product! The lighter the strings on your acoustic the less taxing to the neck of your guitar, with these you can't go wrong."
Nice light set of strings allows easy fingering allowing for longer play/practice periods and less finger fatigue. I would recommend these for anyone who likes the light and lively sound of an acoustic. especially good for beginners."
Good grippy picks for some types of playing. I go back and forth between these and the Jazz IIIs when I'm in a Jazz pick kind of mood (i.e.: when I'm not using ginormous Gypsy Jazz picks or Fender heavies. I especially dig Davas (all models) for acoustic playing and strumming. Nice tone as well. Have tried pretty much every Dava and each has its pluses for specific kinds of playing.One thing about Davas is that once in a while the pick will slightly move in my grip, and I'll pick the string with the rubber. Hand angle can also play a part in this. Probably just me."
I've been trying out different picks for a few weeks now looking for the perfect one for hybrid picking. So far this is the one and I think my search is actually over. I've tried theJim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz Iii Ply Pkand that was close but this is the one. These Davas have a great feel in my bigger fingers, doesn't slip around at all and is very sharp and fast on alternate and hybrid picking. Pick noise has also been reduced because there is much less friction than with most others; the notes ring out very clearly even on fast runs."
I've used Dunlop Jazz III's for years but always had a problem when it came to a song that required a lot of strumming. The DAVA changes that for me. Not only does it allow for accurate picking, but it also allows you to strum when needed - just roll your thumb back a little (works great). I've been using this pick for about 2 months now and have not gone back to any of my other picks. A definite 5 star for being my favorite new pick!!! You won't be dissapointed!!!"
These are a new style of guitar pick to me. Thought I'd give it a try. OK...probably didn't try long enough so I only rate it three stars because of my OPINION. The seller did not fail me in any way."
Have been a user of Jazz III picks lately (Max Grip version:Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks - 6 Pack) but was having some difficulty with those picks during rhythmic sections that required lots of strumming.Was recommended to these picks by other users so I gave them a shot. A few of my notes:- This pick is very slightly bigger than the Jazz iiis i linked above. I like this a lot. The tip is almost exactly the same size, but the top grip area is ever so slightly bigger. Still, these picks are significantly smaller than your \"average\" size pick.- The rubber grip area is a joy to hold. Very comfortable, very stable, lots of grip- If you didn't know, Dava picks dont come in varying thickness. They are instead \"control\" picks. Meaning depending on where you grip the pick it will become more or less rigid. Look at the picture --- see those three horizontal lines in the middle of the pick? Those are reference markers --- choke up on the pick (lowest line near the tip) for leads and pull back for more flexible strumming. This will take me some time to get used to but it is pretty nice in theory. However, even choking up on the pick, it is not as rigid as the jazz iiis and sometimes for fast work I was wishing I was still holding the jazz iii.- These Dava Jazz come in three colors: Red (Delrin material), Yellow (Nylon material), Orange (Gel). Different materials produce different sounds/feels. Also, in my opinion, the gel is a little harder than the other two.Hope this review helped"
Title says it all I guess, it gives you the small pick feeling without the thickness (that I'm not crazy about in Dunlops), and the traction is certainly better in my oversweating hands. Bought these 3 months ago and I've got to say they're very durable too, certainly more so than the small-pick alternatives I tried."
These picks have a good grip.  They're pointy, so they're good for fast picking.  They're very small, about the size of a nickle, so you've been warned.  As with other Dava picks, they wear out pretty quickly.  That's the price you pay for a flexible pick I guess."
A very nice pick, both in feel, texture and design. I picked it up and started strumming and immediately felt something different - something smoother and more comfortable, more natural. I'm very satisfied with this pick! There's a cheeky little message on the label, &#34;Warning: may improve your playing&#34; and that's no joke! Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Jim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz III, the yellowish ones, and the Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks, and I think I like this one the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size, but I'd say that I like this one the best of the three (they're all good, though - I'd rate the 427P3 next-best, and the Jazz III Carbon Fiber next after that).One complaint - they sent mine in a bloody great big oversized padded envelope suitable for CDs. Kind of overkill, if you ask me, for only six picks, but I shouldn't complain - they arrived in great condition!!!"
While I have heard that these devices can be great for recording concerts and have heard some great recordings to back that claim up my review will be focusing on my main use which is podcasting.  After using the Zoom H4N for a few weeks I've found it to be a very versatile tool that should be in any podcaster's arsenal of gear.I mainly use the H4N to record my podcasts using a Allen & Heath ZED14 mixing board.  I usually do a two person podcast where I am in one location and the other person is brought in via Skype.  Using the Aux sends of the board and the 4 track mode of the H4N I can record myself in one channel, the other person in another channel and all of the sound effects and music supplied by my iPad into its own stereo channel.  This makes editing a breeze as everything is on its own track.The sound quality of the H4N is excellent and it is very easy to hook up external microphones to the unit.  You can hook up either two XLR microphones or two 1/4&#34; jack sources (or a combination) to the bottom of the unit and there is one 1/8&#34; input on the back of the unit that will accept a stereo microphone or any line level stereo source.  It's the combination of these that lets me record the podcast onto the 4 separate tracks.The H4N will also let you record using two attached microphones and the internal microphones at the same time as well, which could be useful if you're looking to capture some background noise if you are recording something on location or say to mix the crowd reaction to a soundboard feed.Overall this is a great device for podcasters both in the studio and out in the field, letting you produce high quality recordings in both environments.  Five stars without a doubt."
I purchased the H4n after being unhappy with the H2's performance most significant where I couldn't record a good sounding signal that wasn't distorted with the Line In jack.  Only to find that the H4n has the same problem but not as bad.  If I try to record a line level signal from a sound board or stereo receiver and connect to the H4n's 1/4 inch jacks, it is almost impossible to not to have a distorted signal.  It appears that on both models the line in preamp is too sensitive and clips very easily and because it is clipping in the preamp, adjusting the gain doesn't correct it.  I contacted Zoom's tech support about the H2 and was told that I likely had a defective unit.  I returned the H2 and decided to give Zoom another chance and try the H4n after seeing many positive reviews.I really like the H4n's design, the menus and controls are nicely organized.  It feels more sturdy than the H2.  The recording quality using the built in mics is excellent.  Most other recorders in this price range don't have XLR inputs.  Since I plan to use it mostly for recording concerts by connecting to a line out or tape out on a sound board, if the line in jacks don't work properly and can't accept a normal line level signal without clipping, I can't use this for what I bought it for.  I have used my Sony minidisc recorder for the same type of application for the past 8 years and have never had any problems.  I've worked with pro sound equipment for over 25 years and have used many types of recorders and so far the Zoom products are the only ones where I have encountered this problem.  If you are using this to record with mics, it works great, but if you need to record from line level sources, the Zoom recorders may not be a good choice.  I exchanged this for the Tascam DR-07 and while the Tascam doesn't have as many bells and whistles, It is a nice recorder and I'm very happy with it."
4 stars because I've only used it in stereo mode and Stamina mode. Stamina Mode is supposed to run for 11 hours. Perhaps it does, but if so, it can only be when it is turned on and maybe not even in record mode. No one records 11 hours straight, so I'm guessing that turning it on and off wears the batts down sooner. If not for that, I'd have rated 4 stars. In terms of clarity, flat response and transparency, it is excellent. The Auto Rec level is very smooth and doesn't sound as if has been severely limited and squashed. At rehearsals, before the whole band kicks in, the levels are quite loud, but it comes down quickly and smoothly. In terms of the other features, I cannot comment."
This thing has so many uses its ridiculous.  I mostly use it to record live band rehearsals, and it's pretty amazing at that.  I've also recorded interview audio and most recently used it as a USB interface for my DAW when my other interface went kaput.  If you are using this for film, music, field recording you will be very happy.  Easy to use interface and very well constructed."
Pros:1) records excellent audio through built in mics2) records excellent audio through all the inputs and is very portable and versatile.3) I love the 4 track ability and the effects built in to the device.  I can record multiple things in less time especially when I'm just messing around to get a feel for a song4) comes with a memory card and batteries so it was ready to go out of the box.Cons:1) battery life is weak2) built in mics have to be placed very well so not to pick up other noises and only what you want."
Yes!!!! finally...after reading endless tons of reviews on several types of recorders I hit the nail!!!! Ok..I play in a really LOUD metal band...none of us are record savvy or anything like that...we just want to rehearse and rock the hell out. But we needed a tool to catch band practices and of course remember \"that riff\" for the next rehearsal. We tried various recorders but always to complicated for just a practice, well the ZOOM H4N changed everything. Simple to use and the quality of the recordings are just....well INCREDIBLE...for such a little thing...no distortion of any kind (just be careful where you place it). I still need to read a lot of the users manual...but take my word...I hate those manuals...I figure how to use it (extremely basic) and just hit the REC button and rock out. Finally when I came back home I plug it into my pc and I was amazed by the quality of the sound...we recorded in 4CH mode with two extra mics...and man....I havent even tried the multi channel mode yet!!!thanks ZOOM...now rocking and basic recording it's how it's supposse to be....SIMPLE AND FUN.cheers!!!"
I own both the H1 and H4n and I love them both. The H4n is a great versatile field recorder. I mainly use it to record audio for live event video such as weddings and speaking engagements. The H4n is a work horse. It has a ton of features and records in a number of different formats. I highly recommend purchasing a \"furry head\" wind screen for the unit as the foam wind screen included is not for out door use.Unlike the H1 design that has a hard protective ring around the microphones, the H4n leaves the microphones exposed in order to capture the purest sound possible in live and studio applications. However, be aware that because of the exposed microphone design the external mics are prone to breaking off if the unit is dropped. I had this happen once. If this happens to you, don't worry. I searched the internet and was able to find several Zoom certified service centers within my general area. I called the closest service center, spoke with a repairman and shipped the H4n off and the mic was replaced under warranty; I didn't pay a dime. I had it shipped off and back in 7 days.All in all the H4n is a great field recorder. I mainly use it in 4 channel mode. 4 Chanel mode allows me to record from both external microphones as well as the two XLR inputs at the same time. In some cases I also use a small 4 Channel Behringer field mixer if I have to run more than 2 lavalier microphones. Running straight from the mixer outputs to the H4n works perfectly.I do suggest some accessories when using the H4n. As I said earlier, purchase a \"furry head\" wind screen. I use the furry head wind screens every time I record outdoors and they completely eliminate wind noise. I only use 32gb Sandisk SD cards because Sandisk is dependable, I have never ever had one fail in all my years of recording. I record at 48K @ 16bits in .wav format which tends to create a lot of data when at live events so 32gbs is large enough to record over 20hours at that sampling rate. This allows me to keep old audio clips on the card for a while after recording them and is a safety net in case I forget to transfer the audio files along with video when I edit. I also suggest having a DI box on hand in the event you may have to run a line out from someone else's mixer. I have had issues with digital clipping and over saturated sound when running a feed without a DI Box from venue mixers. This has to do with a balance and padding that I am just not going to get into but trust me, a DI box is the simplest and surest fix for these issues. I also suggest getting a small portable mixer in case you have to run more than 2 microphones when at live events. Always be prepared. I use rechargeable Duracell AA batteries and I have never had any issues. Battery life is between 6-8 hours when the unit is left on, and 3-4 hours when left powered on and recording.I do not regret this purchase at all. The H4n is a handy little studio on the go and is very dependable. I highly recommend purchasing one."
Although the big push these days by Samson/Zoom is on behalf of their latest entry, the pint-sized H1, the H2 is still outselling it.  Perhaps for good reason.  Amazon's price has the H2 going for less than a 50% mark-up from the H1, yet only the H2 offers a sound stage as wide as 360 degrees and is almost as portable and easy to slip into a pocket as the H1.  The latter offers the now popular X/Z mic configuration, but they're \"fixed\" mics. if you wanted to ensure the widest separation, you'd be unable to aim the mics in opposing directions.  Also, the H2 can be set down on a flat surface more securely and is less sensitive to microphonics from touching any part of the machine.  I've owned both machines and have found the construction quality wanting, the SD door broke loose on the HD2, and the on-off switch came loose on the H1.  Both are somewhat tricky to operate, with settings that are not visible in dark places and which nonetheless require agile, accurate, and quick, small fingers.  (Some users are bound to react negatively to the minuscule size of the H1's micro-SDHC storage cards.)  Both are capable of full-bodied, full frequencied high-fidelity audio, but you have to remember to treat them gently.The Zoom Q3 video recorder strikes me as the best built of the bunch, as it's solid metal practically through and through, and the limited settings make it easier to use than either the H1 or H2.  However, I found it impractical to use at a concert where where the included video component distracted the listeners behind me.  Also, with its size and bright-blue color it's anything but a stealth machine.This brings us to the 4th (and most expensive) Zoom, the H4n.  It's the most versatile of the Zooms, not only permitting movement of the mics but the addition of external mics for authentic mixing.  Still, the build quality is not notably superior to the H2, and of the 4 Zooms, it's the fussiest, intended for a user whose willing to take some time to become familiar with its versatile learning curve.  After less than satisfying experiences with the first 3 Zooms, I sent the H4n back in favor of the Sony PCM-50, which is constructed like a Hummer compared to the plastic of the Zooms.  I see that Amazon's description of the Sony is misleading, since the PCM-50 will NOT permit the user to record in MP3 format.  WAV is the only format it offers, which simplifies the recording process, allowing the user to select file size with the software program used during the editing process.  (The only down side is the limited duration of WAV, requiring the user to employ a Sony Sound Stick in addition to the built-in storage.)"
Great Recorder on so many levels.I use it for external audio recording for DSLR video.I was surprised by the quality of the built in stereo mics.Dinged it one star because the display and menu system is terrible.Not intuitive and too many steps to get into changing or checking some basic functions.Something I will have to get used to."
Overall, as with most Zoom products, this unit is a winner and cannot be touched by it's competition in it's price category except for perhaps the Olympus LS11 which is cheaper but the Zoom has a ton more features.Build quality is good, features are good (the only unit in it's price range to have combi XLR / 1/4\" TRS inputs) and it records to a high quality.However, I think Zoom almost went too far with features and perhaps they could have focused more on making it THE BEST digital recorder under a grand and making it a great USB digital interface instead of spending money on the 4 track feature and all the built in effects and other fluff that works O.K. but is much more easily realized in a simple digital 4 track recorder (e.g a Tascam PocketStudio)The manual is a farse in Japanese /English translation and any person that does not have experience with recording devices like this might really struggle to learn how to use this unit (although it's fairly intuitive to operate if one is familiar with such devices - I gave up on the manual and just dug around in the menus, but the unit is still a little 'fiddly' to operate in advanced modes.My last comment is in regards to the H4n as a USB interface. I have played with it a bit and so far it does not make a good interface. First of all it is only 16 bit and I can only get it to work with MME drivers. I have read that there are some ASIO drivers available for Windows 7 but I use XP. I may try to use ASIO4all but it is still only 16 bit and therefore not much use for serious interface work. There is a direct monitor function but there still seems to be some timing issues when multitracking with a DAW software (I have only tried it with Cakewalk Sonar). I had hoped to use it with my laptop as a portable interface but sadly I can't seeing it being of much use in this regard.Howeve
This pedal has tone! its very easy to use and program, I did not have idea on how to use it, and really quick I got it, it has a great interface, it sounds great, you just need some time to adapt and you will be creating your own tones in no time.The distrosion is great some people say they arent but I really love them, its a matter of  taste and creating your tones, some preset may not be good for youThe downside it does not have the AC adapter but I knew this.The lights under certain light conditions are very bright,But this pedal is note heavy, well constructed and sturdy, I got the AC adapter so I dont have to be on the batteries all the time.This pedal has the whole package, effects, great tone, great distorsion and cleans."
The Boss ME-70 is not as nice as the BOSS GT-10 and will not let you install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  I recommend getting a BOSS GT-10 and then install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Now your guitar can sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound with BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg."
I agree with other reviews that Boss exploits its customers by insisting the $300 pedal have the PSA supply, but sells it separately.  It's a cheesy way to meet a price point without really doing it.  I used a OneSpot power supply I had already, and it works fine.  Just glad I didn't have to shell out $20 more to Boss for something they should have provided with the ME70.The first thing I noticed is that the tuner is not too good.  You get a letter, with an arrow on each side, and it's not very responsive.The Korg-style dial-in reverb controls are easy, but extremely limited.  Expected better.  You get either room or hall.  Neither are that realistic.Going from manual patch-level to bank-level is awkward.  It may just take practice.Next thing I noticed is the delay level does not respond as expected.  If I set the E. level (delayed signal level, or balance) at around thirty, it can be clearly heard.  When overdrive or boost is added the primary signal is boosted as expected, but the delayed signal remains at the original volume, effectively reducing the balance and making the delayed signal nearly inaudible.Did Boss just start making multi-effects pedals?  Have they learned nothing?Despite somewhat mediocre performance and design, the ME70 does have features that recommend it.  Some of the drives are usable.  The controls are accessible and easy to adjust.  The \"Solo\" setting on the Comp/FX module is a nice booster, although it can apparently be overdriven easily by the boost in the OD/DS module - maybe this is by design but it would be nice to have two levels of clean boost.The next annoyance is the very limited capabilities of the optional footswitches.  I was hoping to be able to flip between the preset and manual setting, but all it does is turn the preamp on and off, or step (one way) through the presents (FS-5U).It almost appears that Boss very cynically crippled the ME70 so it did not threaten GT10 sales.I'm looking forward to learning more about this pedal.  So far, it does some good things, but it could be much better.Has anyone else noticed the ME70 reviews out there aren't too useful?  I'm thinking of checking out the Vox Tonelab EX, which is being blown out now.  $225 at GC, for example.--3/16/12 update:  Despite the limitations above, I like the portability of this unit.  It runs on 6 AA's (I think) which is great when you just want to put it on the floor and play, for example at a jam where you don't have power nearby.New Fail update - the Tremolo in this unit just stinks.  I mean stinks.  Whatever the \"waveform\" is, it's not a sine wave, not smooth at all.  Very poor musical characterists.  Whatever engineer was in charge of this - you screwed up big time.  Your own Boss tremolo pedals are much better than what you've put in the ME70.  Why would you do that, Boss?  I like tremolo but it's virtually useless in this unit.  Some people won't notice, but if you like that swampy Fender style tremolo, you will be very disappointed."
I've stayed away from multi-effect pedals for years, because I spent more time messing with it, then playing guitar. I could never get the levels right. The Boss ME-70 is easy to use. It sounds great. 72 patches in all. My current band does not even play that many songs."
I'm a professional musician, playing 6-8 times a month.  This pedal does far more than I need it to do and has plenty of options for an avid guitarist that likes to figure out all the bells and whistles.  I really like the 38 second looping function.....that's plenty of time to get through some lengthy phrases, and it allow you to layer the loops so you can really get creative.  Don't forget to order the external power supply - I would have happily paid a little extra money to have it included....not sure why it's not.  Double A batteries last a longer time than I expected they would.  I haven't had a chance to play with customizing patches, etc, but I'm sure that I'll be pleased with what it has to offer."
Excellent Multi-Effect, great sounds, the distortions are really great. Modulation and Delays rocks, they sound good. Like always, Boss products are just amazing."
As an \"Old School\" Guitarist introducing new gear into my rig always makes me nervous. With a somewhat massive pedal board filled with individual Boss pedals which is often too large for some of the venues my band gigs at & definitely too large for our practice studio (and a bit too heavy to lug around).I researched every multi-effect unit on the market today & decided the ME-70 was the best way to go for me mainly for the \"Manual\" settings. When I received the unit, it came out of the box ready to go (other than installing batteries) and worked exactly like I had my \"rig\" shrunk down into a rugged small package.COSM- With the amp simulation & Pre-Amp portion I don't need to carry an amplifier any longer because this unit has the ability to clone my coveted tube amp collection with the twist of a knob.Effects- Boss is \"THE BOSS\" of effect pedals in my opinion... this unit combines everything I need & then some in a single unit with the ability of individual tweaking. I do not venture into the unit's ability to remember settings because every venue I gig at has different acoustics & constant tweaking is required to achieved the tones I want to hear."
I purchased this mic to use for screencasts (recording what's happening on my PC's screen while I talk about it).  I set it up to sit on my desktop, approximately 2' away from me and usedCamtasia Studio 8 [Download] and a free program called CamStudio to test it out.  Both programs worked well with the mic and did what I'd hoped it would do - eliminated my need for a clunky, wired mic headset.The build quality of the mic seems excellent, and the compact design is fantastic!  I love that it comes with its own carrying case and that it can be on a desktop or clipped to a laptop's monitor.KINKS IN MY SYSTEM: MUFFLED AUDIOThe included software: Cakewalk's Music Creator LE can be installed on one computer.  You get 30 days to register it.  I installed it and registered it immediately, but it would not allow me to put in my registration code, saying I wasn't the system administrator.  I am, and my Windows 7 PC says I am, but alas, it wouldn't work.  This software is optional, but I decided to install it prior to the microphone (per instructions) to try it out.  Eventually I ended up uninstalling it.Soon after installing Cakewalk, I had a PC issue: muffled audio recording.  No amount of system tweaking seemed to fix it.  I was stumped.Then I decided to go to the Samson site and see if there were updated drivers for the mic.  The generic ones installed were from 2010.  No luck.I began reading online about 'muffled audio' on Windows 7 PCs.  Somewhere I noticed a name I recognized: RealTek, which was a name associated with my speakers on my PC (RealTek digital audio).  I went to the RealTek site and noted updated drivers for Windows 7 64-bit (2012), and decided to download and install them.  I rebooted my PC and tested out the audio recording once more. Much to my delight, this solved the muffled audio problem!I did set the bitrate to the highest level for the best sound quality recording.  Afterwards I tested out the mic using Camtasia and CamStudio, both worked beautifully with the Samson Go Mic!On my desk at a distance of about 2.5', this mic pics up my voice perfectly for dictation and screencasts.  No hiss, hum, breath noises or distortion.  Very clear and with the properly installed drivers for my audio - works perfectly with the USB 2.0 connection on my powered USB hub.CONCLUSION: BUY IT FOR GREAT RECORDINGSThis mic is a truly great if it's recognized and properly configured by your system.  Impressively clear recordings, unlike any I've been able to obtain using aPlantronics .Audio 655 USB Multimedia Headsetor the mic on myMicrosoft LifeCam Cinema 720p HD Webcam - Black.For the price, I don't think you can do better.  It's compact, has great voice pick-up and audio recording clarity. Installation issues may occur, but updating audio drivers, using a powered USB hub connection and tweaking audio settings within the operating system should give you the quality you've been hoping for at a price that's right.UPDATE: 12/30/13Been using this mic consistently for a couple months and I'm liking it.  It's a condenser mic, and doesn't filter out ambient noise as well as I'd like, however for an under forty dollar purchase - I'm still very happy with it. Cakewalk never has registered correctly with my system so I uninstalled it.  I guess if anything, that's been the downside to this purchase."
I was surprised when I tested this microphone. It is probably the best bang for the buck at its price range. The base is heavy enough to allow the microphone to stand upright. However the clip does not open wide enough to clamp onto thicker monitors. That was expected though."
For 30 bucks this mic is great! I have garage band and needed a mic for voice and room recording, well this mic does it and them some. The different modes are distinct and perfect from podcast to vocals and for room jams . It comes with a long cable, rotating bad, and a nice carry case that fits in my pocket. BUY this mic, for 30bucks you will,be surprised"
I purchased one of these about 6 months ago for my partner who is a musician because we had no recording equipment in the house. We didn't really expect much except a quick way to record ideas.It's simple, easy to use and has outstanding quality of sound. We've used it to record acoustic guitar and vocals with surprisingly good fidelity. We've recorded whole ensemble practice sessions with the mic which it's really not designed for and still had reasonable results. Our friends who are musicians ( and even an audio engineer) are quite surprised and impressed with the quality of sound we get.I've even ordered a second mic for my computer to use with skype.To sum it up, this mic is cheap, easy to use, portable and with fidelity that will surprise you but don't expect it to be a full home recording studio :)"
The mic does exactly what I wanted it to do.  The mic has a headphone jack.  Having the headphone jack is essential to making quality recordings. Also, I like having the two polar patterns, switchable from cardioid to omni.I did have to back off a bit in proximity to the mic, as my voice is powerful.  Once, I got the hang of it I had no problems.I did find the bundled Cakewalk software useless.  Please refer to my review of\" Cakewalk Music Creator 6\" here on amazon.com.  It works great with my new \"Acoustica Mixcraft 5 Audio MIDI Music Recording Software V 5.\"Overall, this is an awesome product."
My first reaction on opening the box that this came in was &#34;Gee, it's a lot smaller than I expected.&#34; It looks like a CAD Equitek E100S but it's a fraction of the size. I'd even say it was cute. But how does it perform?I have two microphones I use for recording at my computer: A Blue Yeti USB electret mic, and a Sampson SAMTR101A. Of the two, the Yeti is closer in design, as it uses an electret capsule and a built-in USB interface, like the Go Mic, so that's what I compared it to. I fired up Garage Band and plugged both microphones into the computer (a four year old iMac) so I could lay down some parallel instrumental tracks with acoustic guitar, ukulele, and double bass.Right off the bat I was impressed with the Go Mic's lack of latency; it was as good as the Yeti- maybe better. There was no perceptible delay.  No need to find a special driver, either. Plug it in and it's ready to go. There's even a headphone jack in the mic- something unusual in a package this tiny. Sound was good, too, though perhaps not as uncolored as the Yeti. I tried all three modes: Carodid, Carodid + -10bD pad, and Omni. Omni gave the best, clearest sound, not unexpectedly, but it was hard to get a good level when close miking. No matter how I backed down the volume in Garage Band I got clipping. Using the -10dB pad I was able to get some acceptable levels from a few feet away. Best sound on all instruments was obtained from 6-10 feet using the Omni mode.It has one advantage over the Yeti: It's very modest in current requirements, so I can run it directly off my iPad. The two together make a nice portable recording/production combination. Packaging is well thought out, too. The mic is permanently attached via a swivel  to a strong clip that also serves as a desktop stand, and when not in use the mic folds into the clamp for protection. And if that's not enough, there's a separate case to keep dust and dirt out of the mic.While the Go Mic wouldn't be my first choice for recording music, it would be a very acceptable one for recording musical ideas on the go, and perfectly acceptable for voice recording, podcasting, or Skyping."
This mic works great for recording vocals on my Mac using Garage Band.  I also wanted to use it on my Xbox 360 to play Guitar Hero and Rock Band, but it's not recognized by either game as a mic.  That was surprising since it's a USB mic.  It is a tiny mic; it'll fit completely on your palm, but it can record very loud noises very clearly. It is also very sensitive when set to room recording. Excellent product."
Having misplaced my Blue Snowflake USB mic, I decided to give this recently introduced, competitively priced USB mic from Samson a try.  (Samson is maker of the highly popular and effective Zoom personal digital recorders--the H2 and the H4n.)  It's an attractive, fully outfitted piece of equipment, with handsome packaging (a small black box and zippered carrying case with aesthetics apparently inspired by iPod).  It's smaller and lighter than the Snowflake--more diminutive than the picture would suggest.  Yet the audio quality strikes me as being somewhat warmer and richer, favoring the bass frequencies of spoken narration more than the Snowflake, which has slightly cleaner and clearer definition at the treble end.The Samson Go was seen instantly by my iMac, and recording was as advertised: \"Plug n' Play.\"  The mic is somewhat more sophisticated than the Snowflake in terms of \"latency\" settings (it permits direct monitoring via headphones connected to the mic to insure no delay, or lag time, between transmission and reception), and there's a three-way switch for directional patterns (the manual could be clearer, however, about the difference between \"cardioid\" and \"cardioid 10 pad.\")  No matter. The mic performed virtually flawlessly right out of the box, with no tampering with the switch.It's extremely sensitive, slightly more so than the Snowflake.  Yet I was unable to avoid the \"P\" popping sounds, regardless of how close I got to the mic and muted my consonants.  So be prepared for the addition of some sort of \"pop filter\" device (either one sold on Amazon or a self-designed one, using a nylon stocking).The mic can be clipped to the top of a computer screen or mounted on a mic stand (using a supplied adapter or ordering a properly sized one from Samson).  Yet with its heavy base plus the flexible, tilting mic, it can be placed on a flat surface--much like the Snowflake, but with greater stability and without any intrusive cable.  (The Snowflake tends to \"flop around,\" requiring some balancing of the device by the user.)My biggest disappointment thus far is that the clip, as alluded to by another reviewer, does not open far enough for attachment to a desk-top computer (it should be an ideal fit with most notebook machines).  Although the Snowflake doesn't use a spring clip, it suffers from the same limitation.  If you're especially concerned about durability, the Snowflake appears to be the heavier, more rugged mic, with thick metal and no tiny switches or spring clips to wear out.  The Samson is the more delicate and refined of the two.  But don't kid yourself.  Either mic will exceed the capabilities of your computer's built-in mic and perhaps the owner's expectations. On the other hand, neither is a match for the Shure SM7B that I'm accustomed to using at a local broadcasting studio.  Still, Samson would appear to have a winner with this little wonder, whether it's used in conjunction with a computer to record full-frequencied music or \"realistic\"-sounding narration."
this mic is perfect it gets the job done sounds clear has settings on it clamps on your lap top"
Works good.good buy"
Just got this in this week. Looks nice and works as intended. For 22 bucks, can't really go wrong. I use this with a Behringer C1 and have had no trouble getting it to fit. It's a bit snug, but I would prefer a snug fit over a loose fit."
I really wanted this to be a great product.  The screws strip out too easily.  Basically, if you put a microphone in it, and ever have to use it for a microphone, it is going to strip out.  I had two of them and was hoping that the first one was a lemon.  Nope.  Even the pop filter fell off.  I LOVE the design, but they need to make them strong enough to handle the weight of a microphone and strong enough to handle regular studio usage... ex:  adjusting the position of the mic, picking up a mic stand and moving it, etc.  Otherwise, don't have an adjustable tilt option.  Just make it one solid piece.  I'm tempted to try to fix it with Gorilla Glue because I do love the design.  It's just not strong enough.  Not that it's a surprise though.  Not much of anything is worth the money these days.  It's a damn chore to return every friggin' purchase these days that they don't really have to care about actually testing products.  Why should they?  They already have your money.  I feel like I should get paid for testing their products and the time spent un-boxing and packing things back up.  Besides, what are they going to do?  Replace it with another broke a$$ product?  Better yet, refund my money for the product I paid - minus shipping????  That doesn't include the time I spent trying to prevent you from buying one and testing their damn product in the first place.  I want a refund, plus an hourly wage.  Whatever, don't buy one.  Companies that don't test their products don't deserve your business.  What would make me happy, is for one of these companies that make these products to answer the question(s):  Did you test this product?  How did you test it?  What were your results?  Is it ready to be sold to the public with confidence?Nope"
Great mount for the price. Filter attached to mount is great idea, saves space and simplifies mic stand setup. Quality good, especially given fairly low price."
I'm loving this pop filter! It looks professional in design, and feels very sturdy on the mic stand. The built in shock mount is definitely a plus. I like it because some beginners try to grab the mic in the studio when recording vocals. This immediately let's them know to just speak into the microphone. Also offers the option of removing the pop screen if you want. Amazon was great in conjunction with the seller! My item arrived lightning fast! Amazon is like music to my ears, and that's why their products are in my studio. Simply THE BOMB!!!!!"
I got these for the build in Pop Screen. However I found it can only be attached in one place. This is ok if you are using a full boom that&#8217;s facing the singer. But if you are working in a tight space and the boom stand is to the side of the singer , this presents difficulties. It fits my MXL mic and any mic up to 52mm without a problem."
Believe it or not, I've yet to use this screen. I was short a shock mount for one of my Cad condensers. I've yet to use that mic again. Go figure. But I love the way screen and mount look? I know. So esoteric. But I'm still giving it 5 stars. Thanks again Amazon."
It's no better or worse than a tripod stand at twice the cost. this is a good deal! Note: it does not come with a microphone clip so you will have to buy one."
i got this stand and it simply works and look awesome, exactly what i was looking for, and for the price i can not get a better deal.totally satisfied!"
I got mine for less than 20 bucks. The stand is definitely constructed cheaply but nothing keeps it from functioning as intended. Other reviewers complained about it having a screw together joint in the middle. We have a more expensive stand of the same type with exactly the same feature and no problems with either."
As soon as I attached my mic, and with my strong hands, I over twisted the mic holder on the threads, and the thread piece came loose on the stand.  I think I can fix it with some liquid metal, but this is not as impressive as some mic stands I've had in the past.  Sincerely, DocAfter a few months of trying to make it work.  It doesn't.  I changed my rating from 3 to 1  This puppy is just poor quality."
For the money you can not beat this. The quality is great for the money. I mainly use this at home for my project studio but have used it in a professional studios a few times. The stands my studio uses are a lot more expensive then this but work just the same. The only difference is obvious that this stand my not last for ever with everyday use in a professional enviorment. I see this stand lasting me for at least five or six years at home."
For the price, this stand cant be beat. You got a mic? You need a boom stand? here you go. Does the job."
It was cheap. It's not put together well, so don't plan on taking this thing on the road. Also, on mine the boom arm is very difficult to extend, but as it will staying in one location for most of it's service life it'll do."
These mic stands worked perfectly.  The fold down pretty small so you could fit a couple of them in most travel bags.  Easy to adjust."
I have three mic stands, with this one being the fourth. I STILL have three mic stands because this one was absolutely horrible.1. The top mount would rarely stay fixed and kept dipping down.2. The bottom clamp never did secure properly. It kept opening up even without a mic on it. The weight of the stand itself stripped it.I sent it back without hesitation."
I bought many professional mic stands through the years, before this item, and I can not tell the difference. Well built, made to last, and looks great. I highly recommend this item."
These are pretty good quality tweed cables.  I prefer the tweed, they seem not to tangle as easy and they are usually very easy to identify at gigs.  They also make one with the 90 degree 1/4 inch input as well."
I've owned a lot of cables over the years, and most have been junk.  For the money, there is no better instrument cable out there than the Spectraflex.  I've regularly rolled 100-pound half stacks over them, jumped up and down on them, and tossed them in the back of a truck with all manner of jagged and unholy acoutrements, and they stay clean and work like the first day.Pros:- Proper shielding means this is a quiet, accurate cable- Slick braided covering makes it super easy to untangle- Very flexible- Metal sleeves enable easy repairs should the unthinkable happen- Available in some very cool colors- Lifetime warrantyCons:- None to speak of.Spend a little extra money and get the best value cable on the market today.  A lifetime warranty means you'll have it forever."
Very well built cable and so far, no hum at all. Exactly what I wanted. Like the retro tweed look, and the sleeves that go under the TS jackets. Quality product. I was getting hum from some of my cheaper cables."
This cable is a great cable for the price.Flexible, good tone, good quality.I move around alot on stage and I need cables that will keep up with me and not bind up.Great product"
It sure is a pretty looking cable out of the box. The chord works great, no noticeable buzz. I had to have the tweed, to complement my vintage gear. I'd have given this a 5 star rating, but because of the tweed/fabric outer, the chord is constantly fighting you with kinks."
Very well made cable but I had to return it for a longer one of the same as this was a little to short, but very well made ."
I have owned a few of these and they hold up perfectly. What I love is they do not introduce noise in the signal path, and have some nice touches in the way they are made.One of those 'nice touches' is a strain relief at both ends, which will prolong the life of the cable as well as prevent micro breaks in the conductor that can (and will) introduce noise and static eventually. The plugs are also of the highest quality. They mate perfectly with 1/4\" receptacles on guitars and amps.I mentioned that these are for inside playing. What I mean is for outside gigs on rough concrete, cobblestone and similar surfaces the outer jacket will fray as the cable is dragged across the surface. That is not a negative aspect of the jacket as much as a reality of the material from which the jacket is made.Otherwise this is a bargain when you consider the quality, price and performance. Get one as a spare if for no other reason because I think you will be pleased with it."
Let me say this is a a great cable in every aspect.First, it works extremely well.  No popping or clicking at all.  Very flexible but solid feel to it.  It looks better in person than in the pic too.  And with the lifetime guarantee, you really can't go wrong here."
I use the 21' cable. Great build quality, looks professional, sturdy plugs, and most importantly it sounds great! I like the smooth fabric sleeve, it doesn't stick to things like a plastic/rubber cable can."
This is my first fatso-flex cable.  I think I've had Spectraflex cables before, and they've been fine, but I've owned, lost, lent, etc. so many over the years I can't recall.  The look and feel of this cable is excellent.  Seems very solid, but it's always difficult to tell with cables.  I like the flexibility much better than my Monster cable, which is much stiffer and tends to want to coil back onto itself.  The fatso is nice and flexible, and it looks fantastic.  It sounds fine, no issues.  I'm not one of those who believes all the snakeoil about high-end cables being necessary.  Get something decent that isn't noisy, and the tone comes from you and your equipment.  No issues in that regard with the fatso.One last thing - you've gotta love Amazon.  I got a 10' red and a 14' violet for ~$15 each, while other colors in the same lengths were twice the price or more.  So, I wasn't choosey about the colors I got.  THey look great, though.  Oh, and one thing I'm a bit iffy about is Spectraflex's lifetime warranty.  The fine print requires a sales receipt (BS IMO) and says something to the affect of \"we will decide if we will replace it\".  So, way what you will about Monster, but they'll replace anything with no receipt, which is more reasonable, I think.  But I'll worry about that when it's time to worry about it, but it's worth considering, as the return process might not be exactly hassle-free."
This a great instrument cable. If all you have ever used have been rubber covered try this one. The fabric cover eliminates the knots and twists of &#34;regular&#34; cables."
This is one great looking cable. I purchased this cable December 2010 and it is still working well and stilllooks good. And as Fernando Lamas says, \"it is better to look good than to feel good\". Well, not when itcomes to cables.This cable is 20 AWG, with an \"Ultra-Pure Copper Center Conductor\" and 100% copper and conductivepolymer shield. You want a good shield if you are going to be playing loud. Helps keep those ugly micro-phonics away and you want that big time.The capacitance of this cable according to the manufacturer is 39 pF/ft. This is the one spec you wantto pay attention to when buying instrument cables. The lower the number, the least resistance whichresults in a higher performing cable.Out of this cable expect a more corpulent sound and beefy output. It seems the lows and mids are hugeand the highs are very nice indeed. This seems to be a very nicely balanced cable for the money.This cable comes in other colors in the braided cover style. They look terrific but I find this \"Fatso\" muchharder to coil than the thinner Spectraflex 'Vintage' this company makes. The bulkiness of this cabledoesn't seem to lend itself to easy coiling. It also seems to become twisted a lot easier and thus harderto straighten out and coil for storage. The easiest of my cables to coil, by the way, is the Lava Cable,\"Magma\", which only has a black rubber jacket and is a dream to coil. If I were to need more cable, quitehonestly I would buy the Lava. Pretty doesn't count for much with me.I gave this cable 4 stars because of its very good sound, is well constructed, has excellent shrunk rubbercovering the plugs, looks darn marvelous, and has about average specs for the money. Yet, difficulty incoiling for storage makes it a bit of a pain in the arse to deal with on a nightly basis.If you want a beautiful, well made cable that you don't have to put away every day buy this one."
For many years I've been playing with Proel and &#34;Fender&#34; cables... until I start having problems with guitar jacks and connection efficiency. This guys put an end to the problem with high quality components. Best of all, Warranty For Life... or maybe longer."
This is my first experience with a \"high end\" guitar cord after playing for longer than I'd like to admit.  For many years i've been playing with any old shielded solid core cord without regard for much besides price.  In prep for an upcoming gig, I bought 2 Spectraflex Fatso 18' right angle cords.  I find them to be very well made, with shrink tubing sealed strain reliefs at the high quality plugs, thick and heavy duty cabling (but not too think nor too heavy), and best of all, very quiet, presumably because of superior shielding.  They were what I consider expensive (about $38 each), but for me, well worth the price, and considerably less than many other high end cables I found and read about.  I imagine that they will last for years.  I think I will eventually replace all my dozen or so cords of various lengths with these.J.M. Tepper"
This cable has a very cool vintage look and a perfect, clean sound. Absolutely love this! This is definitely recommendable."
I've used this for about 3 months now.  No malfunctions. Looks good. Works fine.  No complaints. What more can I say?"
The surprise here is how they traded a little bit of diameter (the Fatso part) for incredible flexibility (the other F-part).  Looks great, no noticeable noise or signal loss.  A really nice change from stiff skinny rubber cords!"
I am really liking the size of this board. I have a Line6 G50 wireless, Korg Pitchblack+, Xotic EP booster and Xotic SP compressor and they all fit very nicely. The board itself is very sturdy steel with good welds and nice straight angles. The case is also really well made- good zippers and stitching.  I'd buy this again in a heartbeat."
Is this guraunteed for life or something?  it should be for the price.  it is very basic, tube construction with very little for wire and cable guidance and clean up.  I would not buy another one at the prices they charge, but then, I am handy enough to make my own if I wanted to.  The carry bag is very nice, the extra pocket for cables and things holds a lot of stuff.  They show a lot more pedals than I could fit on it, they must be smaller pedals than the ones I can find and the perhaps have those magical patch cables that take no space in between.  If you look at the picture there appears to room for 6 pedals but 5 is all you will get.  I have a Boss RX-20 double pedal looper, and 2 other Boss pedal on board and that is all than can fit with patch cables."
I only had this board for a day, after realizing it was a tab too narrow for the pedal setup I wanted to create on it. I do have to say though, Pedaltrain makes rock solid products. Sure, you could probably fashion your own pedalboard, but why bother? This thing has a great finish that will make your pedal array look pro."
I'm not on tour with any group.  I play for church, and every couple of weeks for a local nursing home (with other musicians willing to give their time) plus an occasional 'gig' for a town celebration or some such activity.  I've got a few sound effects pedals and processors I like using, but not enough to warrant buying your typical pedal board that holds 6 or more such devices and takes up a lot of trunk space in the car.  This 'mini' PedalTrain easily holds four of my favorite devices, it is built for extreme durability without being too heavy, etc.  The case is awesome, too.... heavy duty,...good stuff.  The board came with velcro, tie wraps, power head, etc to mount and use your devices.  I had it up and running in a few minutes,...and it makes my travel-and-play experiences easy, without looking for a 'roadie' to get help.  The angle of the mounting surface of the board relative to floor surface is perfect.  Clearances for passing the wiring through from device to device is also perfect.  Since I first got it, I've 'rearranged' once already.  Talk about easy.  You'll be glad to have your sound effects mounted, wired, and movable as a unit so as to reduce setup time and the wear/tear on wires from just handling."
I love pedal trains because they are lightweight, come with a case and are easy to work with.  If pedaltrain asked me my opinion I would say that they needed to raise the back up about 1-2&#34; to allow for power brinc underneath and to aid in angle of use, but other than that, its a pedaltrain...nuff said!"
This pedalboard is very solid, durable, and easy to pack in their soft case - which I love especially because it makes my pedalboard and some extras much easier to carry to and from gigs. There is space below the pedalboard for cables to run and the velco and glue they provide to keep the pedals on the board are very reliable. The MINI is the perfect size for me b
Let's' be very clear from the start: The pedal board and the carrying bag are excellent quality. The board is solid, and the bag is very well made and will last a life-time. As other people have pointed out though, Pedaltrain must have outsourced the decision to locate the strap D-rings to someone who has never carried anything over their shoulder. The only reason this is not a 5-star review is because of the D-rings. That being said, don't let that detract you from buying this. I just feed the shoulder strap through the carry-handle and it works well enough."
I know the kind of person I am - If I buy a big pedal board, I'll have to spend hundreds of dollars to fill it up with great effects. Buy a smaller board and I can be selective in the pedals I buy and save $$ by not trying to fill it. Hence, the purchase of the Pedaltrain Mini.This board will fit approx 5 pedals and a power supply. When I initially purchased it, I was hoping that I could fit the power supply under the board, but I tried a few small power units from Guitar Center and none would fit and allow the board to lay flush. I should probably ding one star for this and it would be a great improvement if pedaltrain would just raise the board about 1/8\" to allow for the power to be mounted under the board.The unit is VERY sturdy and ships with velcro to secure pedals to the top. The velcro feels like it's military grade and does a great job of securing the pedals. It's light, easy to carry, and I can grab the case in one hand, with my guitar in the same hand, and carry my amp with the other hand (only one trip from the car to the gig).Overall, this is a great board. I currently have a looper, overdrive, distortion, echo and tuner on my unit. I've added a photo of my board."
I'm so glad I bought this instead of some of the cheaper, plastic pedalboards out there.  The board itself is made out of welded metal and it's very sturdy.  The velcro seems to be of decent quality, too.  Even the bag is nice.The single downside of this package is the shoulder strap on the bag.  As other reviewers have pointed out, the fact that it clips onto the bag in weird places basically makes it worthless.  My advice is to a) definitely buy the pedal train mini and b) toss the shoulder strap in a drawer somewhere and never look at it again.I'm using this unit for my bass gear: a SansAmp programmable bass driver DI, a compressor, a tuner..and possibly an envelope filter at some point."
What a nice product. Rugged and well made. The supplied velcro makes it easy to change pedals for various gigs.I was able to build a pedal board with a tuner, delay, distortion and a two button amp channel switcher with room to spare. It looks very neat and tidy. Using George L's makes it look even better.I will buy one of these again. These things rock!** EDIT - 10-25-2012 **Still a great little board but I found Power Grip Pedal Board Velcro - this board that the new velcro make this an unstopable unit."
This is a review for theMahalo U-30PK Painted Economy Soprano Ukulele (Pink).For the price ($30 shipped) it can't be beat.  Free shipping via Amazon Prime.  I got it for my 3yo daughter for christmas, and she loves it!  I taught her the C-chord, and I play the G-chord... so we play the Moldy Peaches \"Anyone else but you.\"  It's a great little starter musical instrument, and a great beater uke that I don't mind getting a bit banged up.I was surprised that the frets were level and the neck was straight (well, good enough for a cheap uke).  The strings are some kind of cheap nylon.  I changed the strings to nylguts, and they sound 1000x better... almost as good as my other laminate mahogany soprano (almost).  The fretboard is painted black, so I don't know what kind of wood was used (I didn't expect ebony for this price).  I also sanded down the nut and saddle because the action was a bit high, and now even I can play it without complaining too much.  It has geared tuners, not friction pegs.It even comes with a matching polyester \"gig-bag.\"  Now my mother wants one so she can play with her granddaughter.  Overall, a decent play/starter uke and worth the $30."
For the price, this is a steal. If you can, snag a pack of new strings and it will sound tremendously better. All in all with new strings I only spent about $30 on this uke and I think that is more than fair.If you can't get new strings, the ones that come on it will survive you a little while (but stock strings on any instrument are never great). Also, if you don't know how to to tune an instrument/don't have a tuner, you don't need to buy one; if you have a smartphone or iPod touch there are accurate tuning apps for nearly any instrument, ukulele included!A little back story: I used to play instruments when I was younger but stopped in my preteens/early teens. It's something I've recently been regretting more than ever. So, I'm fixing that! Not only am I relearning the instruments I played before, but I picked up a new one - the ukulele! Like many others, I was inspired by Amanda Palmer to do so ;)Back to the review!:The sound of the ukulele is great. It's not too tinny like a lot of cheap instruments are. After a week or so it has no trouble staying in tune and rarely needs adjustments. It's very lightweight (which is good) but I don't think it would survive a fall. It's a fingerprint magnet, but that's about the only gripe I have. I plan on sticker'ing and painting it anyway :) The gig bag, as other as said, is basically just a dust jacket. I'm cool with that because that says to me that the majority of the money I spent on this ukulele really was for the ukulele, not the extras!For the price, this ukulele more than serves its purpose. I was worried that I'd regret not shelling out another $20 or $30 for a more frequently recommended ukelele, but I don't regret it at all.It's pretty easy to learn, especially if you have the littlest bit of musical knowledge or experience. Even if you don't, it shouldn't take you too long to be playing some songs! You have the gift of internet where there is information everywhere!This ukelele is perfect for a beginner or for someone who wants a cheap backup or travel option. Plus, it's not costly so if it breaks/gets lost/stolen/you choose to upgrade, you haven't lost a whole lot of money.This would also be great for kids who want to learn an instrument. My little brother has been nagging me to get him a ukulele since I got one!That's about all! I will update if any problems arise in time.Don't hesitate. If you're new, don't worry about spending $50+ on something else (I mean, if you can and want to, go ahead!). This will be more than fine.Edit: Apparently, this thing fluctuates between $20-30. I was $24.95 when I got it. If it's $30, wait a few days and see if it goes down. I mean, it's worth the money but if you can save a little and spent that extra $5 on a new pack of strings, that would be even better.(I give it 4 stars and not 5 simply because while I have not played other ukuleles, I am certain that there ARE better. That's just how it is. The more $ you spend, the better. But this is definitely pretty solid over all for what it is and how much it costs!)"
I have acoustic guitar experience to a novice level, but I have also wanted to learn the Ukulele for quite some time. As I had never so much as touched a ukulele before buying this one, I looked for a low-cost soprano to see whether I would enjoy playing such a similar looking but very different sounding and smaller instrument.Upon receiving this item, I tuned it up and had a little play using a few basic chords I learned. The Uke sounded acceptable, but I was (slightly) disappointed by the sound of the default supplied strings. Also at first (as I expected), the Ukelele went badly out of tune quickly when playing, but after a few hours the strings broke in and now keep their tuning with only occasional minor tweaks required.Of course, most cheap ukuleles come with fairly terrible (and cheap) strings so it would be wrong of me to be too critical when this instrument cost so little. I have now ordered some Aquila strings from Amazon to replace the default strings - i.e. I bought theAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele Strings. I am still waiting for delivery on these, and will update this review when I eventually fit them as to the difference it makes, (which I expect will be a significant improvement in sound based upon my research.) To be honest though, the default strings on this ukulele aren't *too* bad so I may wait a while to install the Aquilla strings until I can play more competently and get the benefit of them!As far as the design and quality of this ukulele goes, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed. The paint-job was blemish free and well done, the unit appears to have been assembled well using adequate components, and the tuner backs on the reverse of the headstock are decorative little gold dolphins, which is a nice touch. The unit definitely belies its price and is a very nice looking instrument.For the money it costs, it is difficult to voice any serious gripes at all with this ukulele. I'm very much looking forward to getting more competent with the instrument over the coming months. I really couldn't imagine giving this ukulele anything less than a full five stars - it's great."
This is a great little ukulele to have around the house.  I originally ordered a different one and got this one in error, but Musician's Friend showed exceptional customer service and refunded me the entire amount of my purchase (which included a change out set of strings), and told me to keep it all too!  I was floored!Back to the ukulele-At first I thought this was cheap enough to knock around and abuse, but I found myself actually liking this one!  The action is fine, and with a change of strings, it sounds pleasant too.  I used the D'Addario J53 black nylon strings.  The tuning is a bit off, but easily compensated. It's a fun strum and well worth the $20!"
Great starter Uke. got this for my wife she just loves it. Stays in tune. good sound.The price was right."
The U-30 is a decent starter's ukulele, no matter what color you get, but it is not without its flaws. The tuners feel cheap, but they are functional, much better than friction tuners on \"toy\" ukuleles. The body paint is of good quality and resists scratches with ease, but the paint on the fretboard comes off easily unto your fingers. The string action is low, making it perfect for fast strum patterns. Even for a soprano ukulele, this one has a higher pitched sound with little sustain, which is actually quite authentic for those desiring a more \"Hawaiian\" sound, but the tiny sound and low sustain make playing along with other instruments problematic, unless using a microphone. The worst aspect of this ukulele are the strings, it takes forever to stretch them or \"break them in.\" This means that you must tune your ukulele virtually after every song, so beginning ukulele players should remember to get a chromatic tuner. Chords that use the first fret, such as F and A sound distorted for some reason. Replacing the included strings with Aquila strings makes this ukulele much better, but the added cost puts it in the price range of what I would consider a true starter's ukulele, the Lanikai LU-11. The included gig bag is almost useless, it has absolutely no padding and is very tight. In conclusion, its low price and distinctive high pitch \"Hawaiian\" sound make up for its shortcomings. I would not recommend this as your only ukulele, or even a starter, since the problems with first fret chords will train your ear in a wrong way. I would recommend the U-30 as a backup or \"disposable\" ukulele that you can take anywhere, without fear of damaging or losing it, but for a little more money, you can get better."
This is a great little uke for the money... I've bought them for my kids and quite a few for gifts... As many have noted, tuning stability improves GREATLY after the strings stretch in... One suggestion - If you're willing to add a 4-7 bucks to the purchase price, buy a set of D'Addario or Aquila strings and put them on right away... The stock strings are pretty poor, even a set of 4 dollar strings is a vast improvement. Other than that, I love these little guys, and plan to keep on buying them... Finally, if you buy this (or any other uke) do yourself a favor and watch the movie \"Mighty Uke\"... You won't stop smiling...D'Addario J65 Ukulele Strings, SopranoAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele StringsMighty Uke: The Amazing Comeback of a Musical Underdog"
I should have researched this a little bit more. It was a gift for a child, but a child couldn't tune this thing nor could I! It was a toy, not an instrument."
My kids are all interested in learning the Uke.  This one really appealed to my son because of the front design.  Plays well and keeps in tune."
I recently ordered this ukulele and 4 others while researching products for my senior adult choir at church as I wanted to give them a few options.Okina UK100 Soprano Ukulele with Rosewood Fingerboard - NaturalDiamond Head DU-150 Ukulele, NaturalMahalo U-30OR Painted Economy Soprano Ukulele (Orange)Lanikai LU-11 Soprano UkuleleKala KA-15S Mahogany Soprano UkuleleThe Okina, Diamond Head and Mahalo were all under $30 at the time and within $2 price of each other.  Of the three, I thought that the Mahalo was the best offering both visually and in terms of tone quality.  The Okina had a poor sound quality even compared to my own 20- and 40-year-old ukuleles (which had the original strings).  A string upgrade to Aquila strings helped significantly, but even then, the Okina still had a far worse sound quality at this price level.The Diamond Head and Mahalo both sounded better even with the stock strings and each includes a very nice (for this price) little gig bag.  Incidentally, what the Mahalo product description says is a \"color-matching brown gigbag\" ended up being black, but black is pretty standard gig bag color.  The Mahalo has the most \"island\" look to my eyes and the best sound.  Much of the sound can probably be attributed to the strings which are more substantial than the Diamond Head's.  That being said, it still makes financial and practical sense to get the Mahalo since it's so near the same price (compared to the  Diamond Head) and has better strings already installed.  I've also reviewed the Lanikai and Kala on their own pages."
I guess I did not expect much, since it was so cheap. Just know that you get what you pay for when you buy this. I got it for my son, and he wasn't impressed. Does not have good sound, but hey...if you're just wanting a toy, go for it."
not high quality, but has cut dolphin detailing on the tuners, just as described, works like it should, good or begginers"
I doubt you can beat this for $25! The uke is a solid little guy.  I shimmed the bridge a little because I can play hard, but it wasn't bad. Pretty well in tune up the neck.  Strings are ok but I do have some Aquilas to put on; will see if it matters much.The tuners ARE geared, not friction like in the one picture --- at least, mine are.The carrying bag is just that, with no padding or other protection, but keeps the rain off."
Bought this for my bass playing step son,  dont know if he uses it but I loved the green,,  I have two, a soprano and tenor  ( Larger ) cant play for crap, but liked the look."
I'm not a ukulele player, nor do I pretend to be one, but I am guy that likes to make music and I can happily say that the Mahalo U-30GN is a perfect addition to my instrument collection. Worth noting is that you will need to tune the ukulele each time you play for the first few weeks until the strings are &#34;broken in&#34;, but from what I've read and gathered, this is par for the course. Lastly, if you're going to order one, I suggest pairing it with a pack of felt picks. Cheers!"
I've owned several multi-effect pedals in the past, even one Digitech.  Up til now, they all had one thing in common: layers of menus to click thru to make any changes or adjustments.  It was a pain.  Then I saw this one...with KNOBS! I did a lot of research, and was torn between the RP255 and the RP355. I decided to go cheap and got the RP255.  So far, that was an OK decision.  The RP255 has plenty of features, and is a good compromise between menus and knobs.  I recommend reviewing the manual for your first day or two of orientation.To sum up the device quickly, the RP255 is probably capable of generating any sound or effect you want, but you may need to work at it.  As with many multi-effect pedals, there is a selection of (60) factory tone/effect profiles, to save you the trouble of programming new ones.  These are mirrored by 60 \"user-defined\" profiles, which are identical to the factory presets.  The difference is that #1-60, can be modified by the user, or left as-is.  The factory presets, # 61-120, are not modifiable.  So, you can really experiment with different setups without worrying about losing what came from the factory.  You can also \"reset\" the entire device if you want to, but if you do you will lose all of your modifications.In addition to all the different tones and effects this unit has to offer, there are also two additional features which are very useful: a (pretty basic)drum machine and a 20 second looper.  The looper is really why I bought this pedal.  It's easy to use, and it overdubs.  I only wish Digitech would have made it a 40 or 60 second looper.  20 seconds really isn't much.  FYI, you cannot use the drummer and the looper at the same time.  No biggie for me.OK, all that's good, so why am I disappointed in this unit?  Pretty simple.  I'm an older guy, who has been playing for approximately 50 years.  I've played every kind of music there is, and I would have appreciated a much broader selection of presets.  This may be a slight exageration, but it seems like 95% of the presets are some sort of (obnoxious) distortion.  Come on guys, not all of your customers are 13 years old!  I expect a professional piece of equipment to offer a variety of professional choices.  Now, I'm faced with working out all of my own presets.  I'm back to programming menus again, ugh!.So that's about it.  It's a solid piece of equipment, with too many juvenile tone presets to choose from.  In all honesty, if I had been aware of this, I would have probably not gotten this unit, inspite of its good design and quality."
For $120 you get virtually every effect in the book.ProsTuner works wellAbility to adjust presets on the computerClean sounds are great - especially the reverb. When spring reverb is used with the '65 Fender Twin amp model you can get a really great sounding drip, much better than you'd expect. Delay and chorus are also pretty good.Downloadable presets on the internetConsDistortions and overdrives are pretty meh. Nothing as good as even a DS-1 pedal. Nothing in the same league as a good solid state amp overdrive. And nothing in the same universe as a good tube overdrive.No permanent preset. In other words, it'd be great to have a clean channel that you could double tap to from any other preset. No dice, so you have to program the same sound into multiple preset slots. That makes what seems like a lot (60 slots) get filled up pretty fast.In the end, it's definitely worth the $120 I spent on it. I recommend this if you're in the market for one."
Not the best pedal out there, but for the price...it's pretty freakin' awesome!  Love the 20 second looper and the ability to turn wah on and off by depressing the volume pedal all the way forward.  Solid sounds and cabinets!"
So the problem with most reviews is that people generally review things as soon as they get them when they are still in the honeymoon phase about it.  I've used this in my jam lab for 4 years and use it every time I play electric (about 5-7 hours a week.)The unit itself has held up well.  No problems with case or pedals.  All switches, knobs, plugs, & display work fine.  It doesn't have a on/off switch but that's minor.  It's low profile and is easy to switch by foot.  I have it going into my mixer which works fine.  No feedback or buzz from it.I like the recording software, Cubase, that came with it.  I didn't think I'd use it much but I do.  It's fun and easy to record my own songs.  Cubase is a little quirky and will often tell me that there is an error and it needs to close, but I've learned nothing happens and it's fine.I don't use the looper much as I have it before my Digitech Jam Man.  Which, if you don't have, you need it!  The drum presets are fun to use.  It's a blast to set a drum track, loop a rhythm, then jam on top of it.  Isn't that what it's all about?My two gripes are the tuner and clean presets.  The tuner is not very accurate and I use a cheapo tuner that works much better.  Also the tuner is supposed to be silent but it isn't.  Some flaw I guess.  Also the clean presets; like acoustic and clean bright sound cheap and weak.  I don't like them at all.  The distortion presets are awesome from some tube overdrive to massive fuzztone.  They rock.  I use alot of the other ones as well.IMHO this the \"must have\" addition to your set up.  It's not for professional use...but when I turn pro I'll get something better."
I gave it two stars because the expression pedal stopped working after the second day , and visually it's hard to read because the lettering is so small. Also there are  many function for one knob to have, a little confusion for me. The sounds are great and the recording aspect of it is nice, but not something that is best for my needs.I am looking into a Boss ME-25 instead,"
Any product that can make an intermediate-level player like me sound like a pro is a sound investment. The RP255 is an amazing processor loaded with features (looper, drum machine, tuner) and dozens of cool pre-sets (\"Greasr\" is my favorite). You can customize your own sounds but I still haven't gotten tired of Digitech's choices. The AC adaptor (included) allows for hours of rockin' fun. I live in a condo, so the headphone jack is essential. I run my iPod through the unit and play along to my favorite tunes - sweet! The control settings can be a little daunting at first, but the owner's manual will walk you through the tough stuff. Bottom line: a great toy."
Unit is sturdy. Lots of good presets and capabilities. Works with down-loadable X-Edit software. That gets confusing a bit because the unit displays one thing, the computer screen another. I haven't mastered it yet and after a month am just knocking about and settling on sounds that are acceptable but far from ideal. I've see much easier software that puts all effects on screen as stomp box graphics and you build a sound. With the X-Edit you call up a canned sound and start changing it. The interface does not match the RP 255 and has a lot more provisions. The thing is, they get to be a bit overwhelming, at least to me. I got this for Christmas and would shop around a lot more. Perhaps I wind up choosing this but so far, eh. For one thing, plugging headphones into it, the output isn't as loud as I'd like. I kinda demands output to another device/mixer/amp if you want to play loud."
I used to buy a lot of wire form these guys.... However, you need to be careful and test everything you get from them on an XLR cable tester.I didn't believe it myself...I read another reviewer had an issue with XLR cables being wired incorrectly from pin to pin. So I took my handy cable tester and went through about a dozen cables.I got through only 4 monoprice cables before I found one that was miss-wired. Now I will be checking all of them for sure.Not a good start though.Glad the other reviewer made that discovery and passed it on.I suggest everyone check their monorpice cables. The testers are very cheap and may show problems you weren't aware of."
I use this cable to run from the balanced XLR outs on my digital piano to the balanced TRS inputs of my audio interface.  It works perfectly and there is plenty of length in it.  I am happy with the build quality and would recommend this to anyone."
I use these cables in my home, hooked up from my audio interface to my monitors. They appear to be very well built and sound just fine. I have had them for several months and they are working perfectly. Highly recommended for the price."
Perfect cable for using with my small behringer 4 channel amp to plug into my mic slot on my small mixer. high quality and great sound."
The coversion cable didnt work. t is  axlr to UBS cable. I have the red  blinking light syndrome also. But I learned awhile back dont try to fix something you paid for Send it back. So izm Thanks HDE for wasting my time. Go sell your snake oil to someone else........."
I wanted to use these cables for my acoustic/electric guitar.  They are a little short for that appicaton (my fault though).  They seem to be built well but I'd say in comparison to other cables I've used for my applicaiton, the sound is average.  These will work in many applications and might be satisfactory to most.  If you are a performing musician, you would do better to look at higher quality cables for best sound quality and lowest noise."
This stand, after I finally figured out how to attach it so that it didn't interfere with the boom on my mic stand, works okay.  Due to its heaviness, it does hold a good size amount of music;  however, it is short, width-wise, so you can't really get an open notebook to stay in place.  (at least not with the ,mic boom there).  Heavy to travel with also, so I don't know how much I'll use it."
The question was, &#34;Did it meet your expectations?&#34; and it certainly did.  It is heavy duty but also light.  Well, placed on a light duty cheapo stand it might be a little heavy but and basic quality stand will handle it no problem.  It really seems well engineered and made of quality material."
I use this small stand in my vocal isolation booth to hold the iPad that remotely controls my audio software via the Splashtop app. Very secure, effective clamp that connects to a vertical pipe. I covered with thin carpet to reduce reflection, and I find that it holds my iPad securely. I highly recommend."
I bought this stand after trying two others that didn't work well. This one is very adjustable and stays put. I use this in my home studio and I can place it so it comes up right under my mic boom just off to the side of microphone so when you are doing a vocal you don't have to look down or move you head away from the mic. I'll be buying two more."
I use this for my iPad.  I drilled bigger holes to lighten it up a bit. It's solid and works great, very adjustable... Good seller to..."
I ordered two of these, one to hold music, and one to hold a netbook computer. I am very happy with how it performs in both situations. High quality, solid support, and good design decisions all around. The angle adjustment is very solid and it should be able to hold a very heavy book of music or a medium sized computer.The arm is just long enough that if turn the platform sideways, you can lean the music stand back next to the mic stand that it is attached to. I will try to add pictures when I get a chance.This is really two products that work together: a short boom arm with a mic attachment, and a narrow music stand that mounts onto a standard microphone thread base. I am using one stand attached to a mic stand, and a second with the arm removed, mounted directly onto a &#34;Gibraltar Multi-Mount Microphone Clamp&#34;. Major bonus points for making a solid piece of gear that is also modular and flexible.Note: the music stand easily detaches from the adjustable-angle part for storage. This is great, but be aware that the lock nut does not do a good job of &#34;locking&#34;, so if you turn the stand upside down, the it will fall off. This could be a problem if you experience frequent random gravity fluctuations.Final verdict: I own two, and am considering buying one of the full-width (MUS-ARM 2) models also."
I mounted this on top of my On Stage Tripod Mic stand to hold my small format mixer during gigs. Works great"
This gig bag was just what I needed to carry around a soprano ukelele. It has a strap for slinging the instrument over your shoulder when in the gig bag, padding, and a pocket in the front for your tuner.  The zipper is strong enough and it was just what I needed to carry around the ukelele to keep it protected while in transit."
This gig bag is well worth the price.  It replaced the cheesy gig back I received with my soprano ukulele, and I have much more faith that my instrument will be much safer now.  It has extra padding on the bottom for when the uke is standing up, and has a pocket in the front for tuners and other small odds and ends.  Get this gig bag!"
If you are looking for a good quality inexpensive case, this is a very good choice.  It has a durable feel to it. It has a handle and a removable strap as well as a zippered slot on the outside for accessories.  It works very well."
Great bag, well padded the shoulder strap is nice! perfect! and very good price!What you would come to expect from lanikai!"
I ordered this product to review for possible use by members of my senior adult choir at church.  It was ordered with a little trepidation after reading some of the previous reviews.  I found it to be excellent for the price and so far, have had no problems with the zippers.This product is described as a \"Soprano Ukulele Gig Bag\" and that is exactly what it is.  A \"gig bag\" is *not* a rigid FAA-approved flight case, nor is it a semi-rigid polystyrene \"case\" with soft covering.  Reviewers that don't believe this is sufficiently padded are looking for something other than a \"gig bag\" and don't understand the term.  You wouldn't put your reading glasses in a soft, padded case and expect to be able to sit on them would you?I don't know if some other reviewers tried to fit concert-sized ukuleles or other larger sizes into this bag, but I found that it fits the soprano size perfectly.  It is *very well padded* for a gig bag, having extra padding at the base of the instrument (where the bottom strap button would be if you have one) to cushion the bottom if you hold it standing on end.  It also has a nicely padded handle.  I received it in a box with other items and it was packaged well.  (Ukulele not included.  They cost a little more than this.)"
This is a great padded case that fits my soprano uke just right.  I like to ride my bike and take my uke along. The small size means it fits my panniers just fine.  The thick padding protects the uke from bumps and scrapes.  The larger foam/nylon cases are nice and offer more robust protection but they don't fit into a shopping bag or backpack nearly as well.  Highly recommended for the adventurous uke player."
I have one of these for a Lanikai tenor, and one for a Stagg soprano. The soprano one fits great, even though it's a different brand. Perfect."
This bag was nicer than I expected for the price. Considering that many soprano ukuleles are in the $20 t0 $100 range, a lot of people won't want to buy a hard case for three times the price of this gig bag or for more money than their instrument cost.The case is better padded than I might have expected for the price. Since soprano ukuleles are small and lightweight instruments, it's not clear to me why a hard case would be as important to most people as it might be to somebody evaluating guitar cases, or cases for other larger instruments.If you have a small child who is likely to sit on the instrument or drop it down the stairs constantly, you might want to consider something better. But this should provide adequate protection in general, even from minor falls. For a soft bag, this offers all I would ever need."
I use 2 to stereo mic my egnater, works great, nice sound, to my ears not much different from an SM-57 and is a fraction of the price. It's not an audio professionals mic but good enough for me! Too noisy for hand held vocals, put it a mic stand instead."
Works as well as my friend's condenser mic that cost him three times as much. Great mic for the price."
I've used both the ES-57 and ES-58 for several years now. They are a fantastic mic, great quality and construction. I love how hefty they are. I've got 6 of these and plan to buy more when needed. I would probably suggest a higher end if you were studio recording but I set up for live sound in and outdoors and these work great. I have several brands (some more expensive) but I always come back to GLS."
This is the equivalent to the Shure SM-57 except for a quarter of the price. The quality is almost the same and in terms of recording they are pretty much the same as well. There allow a more natural sound than the SM57 I believe and are thus a better product!"
This microphone pics up instruments quite a bit better than my SM57s. It's quite a bit stronger of a microphone also.  I am really impressed with this mic!  The only thing I'd like to see is that it would come with a cover (bag) like the Shure mics do.  Other than that, you save a heck of a lot of money for the same and even better quality!  Thanks a lot!"
I had read many reviews on SM57 clone microphones to see if there was anything that did the job. It seems everyone who has given an opinion on this subject all seemed to agree on one microphone. The GLS ES57. (Same with the SM 58/ES58). I had to give it a shot. I run the sound for local bands and I use SM's because they can take abuse and still sound great. Only time will tell if this mic will be able to take the same amount of abuse but so far I really like it. The frequency band is not identical to the SM57 as some others have said. A little less bass but that doesn't mean it is a thin sound - it certainly is not. I can get it to sound the same as the SM if I EQ it slightly but I like the natural sound anyway. Also, the signal is a bit hotter but I really like the tone for both vocals and for instruments. Value for money it can't be beat. If you are on a budget, get one...."
A great instrument mic using it on bass cabinet, instead of a line out for that real live hit.And the ES-57 is equal to the Shure SM-57 at $60.00 less."
Quality is really outstanding for the price. Sound is clear and crisp. I get a lot of feedback, but I guess that it is not because of the microphone."
This mic is excellent, it's pretty much a straight up clone of an sm-57  and for the money there are no mic's even close to this one. Also the price at orange county speaker's website is $29 and $25 in store so I'm not entirely sure why it's $50 on Amazon."
I wouldn't be surprised if a big time professional musician might be able to tell the difference between this and the Shure it imitates, but for our amateur purposes it was bad to the bone good."
I bought this to replace my Blue Snowball because I've reached that point where I require something that sounds a little bit more professional than what I was using. Before I begin my review, I'd like to mention that I use this with a Behringer 302USB Premium 5-Input Mixer with XENYX Preamp (copy and paste that into Amazon's search to find it). So my review is based on this thing being plugged into that thing.Okay, my pros and cons.Pros1. My voice sounds great with this thing. Before I was using a Snowball and my podcast partner told me it sounded like I was in a &#34;chamber&#34;. With this, my voice is strong and clear...and even a little bassy which is nice because I don't have a naturally bassy voice. I'm extremely satisfied with how well this thing makes me sound. It is WORLDS better than USB mics like the Blue Snowball. Worlds better.2. It's heft, heavy, and feels well made. This might be the most expensive-feeling device I own. It's heavy but it in a good way. The materials feel high quality. This feels like a professional microphone.3. It comes with a mic stand holder thing. Never say no to free stuff.Cons1. The only thing I can think of is that it doesn't come with its own cable. You'll need to buy an XLR cable on your own. It's not bad enough to deduct a star.There are people who are comparing this to the Shure SM57 and other microphones. Here's the thing, I am an amateur. Before I owned this mic, I was using a Blue Snowball and before that, my laptop webcam mic. So I am not the authority. All I can tell you is that this thing sounds freaking amazing. My podcast co-host immediately noticed the difference and couldn't tell me enough of how much better I sounded and that's over a Skype call (we podcast using Skype). So if you're looking for a vocal/podcast mic, this is a great, cheap option. Are there better options? Sure, but not for this price. Not even close. Recommended wholeheartedly."
I expected this Shure SM57 knock-off to disappoint me. I was not. For 30 bucks this thing does the job. There is a bit of handling noise but not enough to complain about. I put a windscreen on it to eliminate pops and wind noise. I recommend this mic for vocals. I've had fun with it. As far as longevity and durability, time will tell."
I own a GLS ES-58 and am very happy with it so when I need a mic for my guitar cab I went with a GLS-57 and couldn't be happier. These mics are very solid and I can't tell them from the real deal. I have done side by side comparison of both the real 57 and knock off 57 mics and unless you are some kind of sonic freak I doubt you would notice any difference. I am about to purchase three more of these 57 mics for the rest of the bands intruments."
Loved this Mic when I hooked it up, it sounds great and for the price you can't go wrong.  Wish that it had a on/off switch but you can get around that.  Great for instruments and vocals as well.  Was delivered on time as well, amazon is the best and have the best vendor."
I've been using Shure microphones live and in the studio for nearly thirty years now and I can honestly say that I can hear no audible differences between a genuine Shure SM-57 and this GLS Audio ES-57.This isn't based on any scientific data, it's based on A/B'ing this mic and a Shure 57 on the same tube amp at the same volume and distance going through the same mic pre. I made sure that I marked the exact location of the mic with a little masking tape on the amp's speaker grill. I recorded about 30 seconds of the same simple chord progression first with the Shure mic, and then this one. When you play them back either through studio monitors or some very good Bose headphones you can hear no audible difference between the two. If you were to examine the tracks in a waveform editor I'm sure you'll see some visual differences (but they are also two different performances), but my ears really hear nothing audibly different. Some may disagree, but I'm convinced.This mic is built solidly and weighs the same as the Shure and for all intents and purposes looks almost identical both inside and out.Is it as good as the Shure? I don't know, I think so - others may not. I do know that you can buy three of these for the price of one Shure 57 though. I'd highly recommend these on guitar cabinets, snare drums, and toms for sure, maybe vocals in a pinch on a particular type of voice.A no-brainer as far as I can tell."
I have had the Shure version of this mic (not naming any names haha) and this mic is just as good! Actually, I take it back, it's better than the shure mic because this one isn't overpriced!!"
Wow, I will never buy another SM-57 again. I can't believe I'm writing this, but it's ture. I am so psyched that I found this microphone, it's perfect.But seriously, the sound quality has never once disappointed me. In fact, and it might just be in my head, but I now prefer to use this when micing my guitar amp. But everyone else has talked about sound, so I want to talk about build quality.It's solid, has some weight to it, and the plastic at the top feels exactly right: so far, it hasn't come loose in the way that SM-57s do. If I handed this and a SM-57 to my grandma who doesn't know any better, she'd probably guess that the ES-57 was a bit higher-end. I continually look at it and can't believe I only paid $30 for it.Get one. Nah, get a bunch! Sell your SM-57s for $60 and turn them into two of these. Magic!"
This is a great value! I was able to record some very good quality guitar tracks using this. It doesn't sound exactly like an sm57, but it will get you close. You can EG your amp to compensate for the difference."
This mic has a very solid construction and looks and feels like a SM57.  I liked what it did to live vocals vs an old mic I have that seemed to give everyone small shocks (and probably cost way more in the day).  I originally bought this to check the hype out and can say that I will likely get more as needed instead of buying SM57s.  I have not recorded with this yet, but from what I heard online, I think it will do just fine."
This Mike is an awesome value you could pay twice or three times more and the frequency response is excellent service was super fast I would've no problem buying from these folks again in the future"
Excellent tuner.  I appreciate it's compact size and often leave it attached to the headstock.  It performs as it should and appears to be quite durable.  Being able to angle the unit is great.  The back light works well in dim light and of course the piezo mode makes tuning in noisey invironments quite easy.  They do mean it when they say to replace the battery when you get it.  Mine lasted for a couple of weeks.  It was insightful of them to tell you of this need upfront.  All in all well worth the money and the transaction went flawlessly."
Was looking for something slightly improved over the Snark, but still easier to use and lower cost than a strobe tuner.Works well to quickly tune and still zero in on the correct pitch.Appears the tuner is a AW2 and the G (guitar) function is in that the clip fits a guitar headstock.Works as anticipated. Easy to get that last bit of fine tuning."
I could not be happier. Once in a while it will catch ambient sounds, but I love this tuner. It does not eat up battery power, and keeps me tuned right on!!! A bit better than Snark, but if you love saying SNARK. Just get snark!!!!"
Very accurate. When I wanted a G I got a G.  I have such a refined ear, that I only have this around if I have a head cold, or you know, don't want to show off, but it's a good tuner."
Easy to use, accurate, programmable, lights up, easy to read, decent quality.  I like it, Korg has never disappointed me."
It fits well on my Les Paul and Strat.  Does Not fly off the head when playing.  It's very easy to read with or without the back light being on depending on room ambient lighting.  The light works really well and that was what I was looking for.  As far as accuracy it's right on in either setting."
I bought this for a friend who always wanted to play violin but never could afford one, the quality was surprisingly good considering how cheap it was, I helped her set it up (took 15 minutes max, just needed to get the bridge just right) and the only flaw I found was the horrible pegs that came with it, I had some spare rosewood ones in a drawer which fixed that small problem, as for the rest of the violin the furniture was workmanlike, not concert quality but serviceable for a student, the body was what really surprised me, for a mass produced student model it has a nice sound, I do believe that with nicer furniture, a better bridge, and strings I would not be ashamed to play this at a venue, how it will hold up over time is a open question but from what I can see of its internals it is well put together.this brings me to my only real problem, as she never has played any instrument at all she makes this violin squeal like a pig, I am no good at teaching so I got her a few books and downloaded some vids from youtube for her to watch but still...Her husband has forbidden her to bring the violin home till she can play so she comes over here to practice, which has led my neighbors to believe I am responsible for the sudden disappearance of several neighborhood cats (I think the noise chased em away) I am waiting for the call from the SPCA as I type this."
The two violins we ordered came on time, and were packaged very well. All pieces that were advertised were included. The items appear as pictured. It is hard for me to rate this purchase, as I am still trying to get it in tune. I am using a snark clip on tuner, and have yet to get the strings in tune. We purchased peg drops to help with the tuning, but still have been unsuccessful in bringing them into tune."
It's a working violin. My daughter likes it. Her violin teacher suggests to up grade the strings and a new Artino Magic Pad. The shoulder rest is way too high for my daughter, but I don't count that as a defect:-)"
i mean if you just want something to learn the violin on then this is pretty good, stays in tune and is reinforced in all the weak spots because cracks will form"
I bought this just to see if I might enjoy learning or if my shoulders (I'm gettin' old...lol)would allow me to hold the correct position long enough to practice.  I wouldn't say it's agreat instrument but WAY more than I expected for $60.  After I changed the strings,(I used the extra set that came with it) it actually produced decent sound.  I bought anew bow (for &#62;$100, so...) and found I like the one that came with it at least as much.The case is excellent...I'll prob use it with my upgrade.So for the price, you really get far more than you pay for.p.s.- the shoulder rest is kinda useless though."
This violin is AMAZING considering it's price, I got it for my girlfriend, expecting it to maybe be a complete joke and be absolutely worthless and it wasn't she went to a violin school and people had payed waay more than me and had a violin that sucked. I am a satisfied costumer, for a beginner or if you want a cheap violin to practice till you destroy it, this one's for you.Basic but sturdy, gets the job done :)"
Sounds decent and stays in tune.  For the price this is just what you need if you want to dabble in/on the violin."
run this into my laptop from a behringer 1202fx mixer. windows 7 didnt need to install any drivers,it was plug n play. reaper picks it up immediately, just arm the track, set level and record. I will offer thistid bit of information because i had the problem where very little signal from the mixer and uca 222 into reaperhad the track peaking out and distorting. I found that others had the same issue. I had to right click on the volumespeaker in the bottom right on the task bar of my computer, click \"recording devices\", select my uca222 (not internal microphone) from the list,click \"properties\" at the bottom of the Sound window, select the \"levels\" tab and reduce the level to around 2 or 3 to have an equal volume from themixer into windows 7 and Reaper. Until i did that, every signal into Reaper was too hot and would distort even if the mixer output was set to next to nothing.I tried everything in reaper to resolve the issue until i finally did a search for others having the same problem.So far the behringer uca 222 is working great. and signal is clean."
This interface is alright, nothing special, its for a guy on a budget. You can use it to record your old tapes or records and it will go straight through the interface to your computer via USB. There is pretty much little to no latency and it isn't noticeable. I plan on buying a tascam interface soon for around $70.00 and that should make things better for me. I will still use this to record anything on TV or like I said, old tapes. The software bundle is pretty much free, as you can find everything on the internet, they just bundled it together for you, which is nice."
i only bought with the idea that a \"FULL\" version of behringer's sequence program came with it....needless to says its a \"compact version\" and for you OTHER iMac/OS X Users out there????----aint worth yer timeyer better off spending your money on Vst's Au's that will WORK with OSX and Cubase or garageband....other than that its another interface \"i guess\" as long as you want to use RCA plugs to do that with...who the !$%^ uses RCA to interface there analog instruments to their puter????based on the software hustle im sorta sour but if yer a PC/Windows owner I would GET IT!!!!its about the cheapest way to \"intro\" yer way in to DAW/DAT interface..... Mainly im talkning to Katz who ownnewer Macs/iMacs who are truying to muddle your way thru music digital interface and Keyboard sequencingfor THOSE users yer better off buying a pizza probably..."
Pros:- Price point- Does the job in the descriptionCons:- Shielding of USB cable is abysmal; very susceptible to interference (could work if there is minimal circuitry around where you use it)- Cheap plastic construction"
This device is a converter that works with RCA inputs and outputs.  The Input seems to be geared for the -10DB range for consumer level audio range.  This box also has the ability to monitor the input directly with headphones."
I'll be brief and to the point here:+ Works as an audio interface for a line level signal. I used this with my Samson mixer.+ Is compact and the USB cable itself is long enough.+ The red color looks nice.+ Has a headphone out with volume control+ Plug and play. No extra drivers needed. I use ASIO anyways.+ Cheap. There's NO audio interface this affordable.+ Latency fairly low. Not bad.- Plastic body- RCA connectors. Not a big deal but wouldve been perfect if it had dual plugs or phono(1/4 inch).- 44.1 khz and 16 bit sampling. Should have been 24 bit and maybe 96khz. Even my DigiTech RP255 has a built in 24bit audio interface."
I previously had the UCA-202 and it worked great for me for a couple of years but I noticed the audio went dead in one of the RCA phono input jacks (I had used those jacks previously with no issues). Regardless, I liked the UCA-202 so much that I got the UCA222 to replace it without hesitation, plus as a bonus, it's purdier! :)  Plugged it in just now, fired up the PC, the new UCA222 started working immediately...no muss, no fuss!  For the money, I don't think you can find a better deal for enhancing your PC's audio versatility.  I don't know if I'll even bother with the included software as I use a great program called Mixcraft (btw, check that out if you're looking for PC recording simplicity but sounds impressive as the other, costlier guys). Anyway, two thumbs way up for the UCA222!"
I own three of these units (one Red 222 and two Grey 202)and use them to output midi sounds from my laptops internal sound moduals to a pro PA system (mostly Mackie gear) for live performance and occasionally to add sounds to recordings in my 24 track home studio. This unit is quiet and very handy. The price is dead cheap. I have two other similar units (a Lexicon Alpha and the smaller Lexicon Omega boxes)that cost much more. Yes my Lexicon boxes provide a lot of different inputs and outputs and are very nice but if all you need is a very portable basic input/output sound card that is very quiet and easy to install (just plug it), you should buy this box.Some of the reviews talk about it being \"cheap\" plastic. Yes it is plastic (so are many other more expensive units) but I have been throwing these boxes in with my other equipment and have yet to break one of them or have any problems. I will also admit that while I don't abuse my equipment on purpose, I am not that gentle either and have dropped these several times with no damage.The software that comes with the 222 package is good, but in my case I really didn't need it. I have Sonor/Cakewalk software and Abobe Audition but I would like to take a moment and say something about the included Audacity. One reviewer wrote that it is a \"very low,low.low\" quality software. That couldn't be further from the truth. I have used this software for years in my studio and it is very high quality software. It can work in both 16 and 24 bit processing, and input and output almost every type of audio format (.wav, MP3, etc.). It also has a ton of very nice free downloads (compressors, EQ's, sonic enhancers etc.)from the Audacity web site. Audacity started life as a shareware but was purchased by Sound Forge who was in turn bought by Sony. This is high quality studio software that you can still download and use for free and it's not a trial software that will expire in 30 days or block out important features. I would add that to really make it work well you need to use the preferences section to set it up to the higher quality settings that are available. As I remember the defaults are set at mid level quality so the average home user can use it without taxing their computer resources.The bottom line is that both Behringer units (202 and 222) both work great and I can't hear or see any difference in them other than the color and the added software included with the 222 package. For such a low price you can't go wrong."
Ay yo homie this interface be off the hook you know i be all interfacin and stuff you feel. thx behringer."
I just needed this for my new guitar. From the looks of it, it complements the instrument well. I am happy with it."
I used these on my ukuleles, and they worked well enough that I bought tow more pairs.  They hold a regular strap well, and work particularly well with the leather strap attachment from a Uke Leash (google it, those are fabulous!).cheers."
This is one of those products which is easier to find and purchase online than trying to shop.  Its performance is min/max the same.  I've used three with no trouble.  You can get excellent instructions and tips on YouTube."
Arrived on time and highest quality and have the felt washers to further protect your guitar... very easy to install, but make sure you drill a pilot hold so your do not injure or split the wood on your instrument."
I ordered two sets of these buttons to mount on two ukuleles - a concert & a tenor.  The buttons are good quality, look nice and are easy to install. The inclusion of the felt pad is important - don't buy buttons without a pad.Drilling holes in your instrument might be a daunting thought, but take it slow & careful and you shouldn't have trouble. Check out this rather entertaining how-to video to see the installation process: [...]For these particular buttons I used a 1/8 drill bit for the pilot holes. Snug fit but (IMO) not too tight.I matched these buttons with this strap:Kala K-STP-BK Black Ukulele Strapfor a perfect combination."
if you are brave enough to drill into your ukulele for a strap these are for you,  I was hesitant at first, but this did the job."
Easy to install these buttons on the guitar.  Well made and just what I was looking for.  Thank you very much."
Fender original parts can't be beat. The Philips head is an improvement over the &#34;vintage&#34; straight slot screw that a screwdriver can slip out of and scratch the finish. These look like the have a nickel plating and I believe are 8-18, or 6-18 size screw and are much cheaper at a hardware store, but I chose Fender original parts for the Tele I recently finished and for the one I am currently working on."
These are as described - these work with fender switches (which, turns out they include those screws), and fender pickups. Used them while building a few pre-wired pick guards."
They work and are fender parts. Even thoigh they work on many brands. Use them on all makes and no complaints todate."
It's odd to review such a simple thing as screws :-)What can I say? They're shiny and screwed well into the holes."
I have a 1953 telecaster body and after installing the screw to the pickup they were to long for the body . I had to trim them down"
I probably could have found the same screw at the hardware store but these are OEM and fit perfectly. Recommended."
These work just fine as replacement mounting screws for  single-coil pickups mounted to a pickguard, though they seem to be too thick to fit through the standard holes in a humbucker (nothing that a little drilling out couldn't fix, if you're so inclined)."
This processor is okay for home practice if you need something other than just a dry signal. The sound is a little too electronic for me. I bought an RP-1 and it sounds much better."
This little unit is packed with great effects. For $50, I'm very impressed. Has just about everything you need in a entry-level pedal, except for a pedal control!!"
I like the drum machine and the tuner, but I don't like the effects, I don't have an electric guitar, I only have acoustic electric guitars, and I thought that maybe I could make it sound like an electric, but the sounds are distorted, and not very clean, it sound muff.For an electric guitar maybe it would work fine, but not for an acoustic electric guitar."
These types of pedals are toys. They are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with. By all means if you are buying it for your kid who just started playing. If not, i recommend slowly building your pedal collection and use the money to get 1 decent pedal whether it is a delay, or distortion."
Works well and has good sound. I really enjoy all the versatility and amp sounds. The interface could be easier to use but for this price point one can't really complain."
I had a friend with one of these and he loves it. I got one on his recommendation and when I put the batteries in it, it started smoking. It did work for awhile. I pulled the batteries out and tried to AC adapter and it smoked again, this time it did not work. I am one of those people who gives an item one try and if it does not work, holds a grudge. I would not advise anybody to get this."
This particular brand I've seen around and haven't heard to much about them, but the one that I got worked fine for about a couple days. It went out and I sent it in hoping to rule out the possibility that I MIGHT have gotten a bad one.And I requested in a letter when I sent it in that they send another one in exchange, That didn't work out so well, with that being the only way I COULD RATE it and never receiving a replacement to verify that i just got a bad one, I'd have to rate this one at the bottom..."
works well for acoustics, as well as electrics,  I have amazon prime so I got it quick. well made and folds easily"
Great Price, easy to transport and set up and it holds my guitar.  It does what it is designed for.  Can't ask for more!"
Can't beat these $10 stands! They are a bit troublesome to open and collapse, the snap buttons are hard to depress. But once open they stand up well. Since I don't travel much they are great if you use your guitar in a studio and don't travel around much."
Love these guitar stands! Sturdy and compact and at such a reasonable price. You will pay up to 4x more for similar stands! Great bargain."
This is a quality stand. I use it for my Yamaha acoustic guitar and it works great. Nothing but praise for this item."
This is a pretty nice and well built lite weight guitar stand but I have another that is a bit nicer and I paid about the same for both. This particular stand is surely made for a very large jumbo guitar."
Small yet sturdy enough to hold a full-size guitar.  Nothing to put together, just spread the legs and place your guitar on the two holding arms.  A very good price for an excellent product."
Item arrived on time and as described, item is solid and well designed. does not need and installation and setup, this item can be adjusted to fit different sizes of guitars. I ll buy more for the other guitars at my house."
This is my favorite acoustic guitar stand. It's easy to use on stage, it can be used with only one hand, and it has a low profile that doesn't take up a lot of space when folded, and it doesn't stick out as an eyesore on stage. I use this thing constantly, and can wholeheartedly recommend it."
I already have one of these stands for one of my guitars and recently bought the tubular type...I should have bought another one of these instead. As someone else mentioned here, this stand does not put any unnecessary pressure on the guitar and the space needed on the floor is minimal and the guitar can be displayed near a wall. I highly recommend this guitar stand.----5 stars."
it's a guitar stand that holds your guitar so it don't fall down during a gig hurting potential fans and thier friends....well constructed....awesome price."
For the price and free shipping, this can't be beat. It's heavy weight, solid construction, and very stable. Pay attention to the warnings. If your guitar has polypropylene finish, which most do, you're going to be fine. If you have a very high end guitar, this might not work."
this holds guitars very well.  it is quality.  I wish it was made in America.  I gave it to my church"
just received the cable, it sounds clear, doesn't feel like it is made of the best materials, I just got this cable today so I can't really comment on how durable it is and how long it will last, so far I tend to believe it is a decent cable for the price, I don't use a microphone very often so this cable should last a while. so far it is working well, I would buy another one if I needed it, the price is right,"
Should you need to connect a condenser microphone to a phantom power box so that it will work with an ordinary amplifier or mixer without phantom supply this is a good length for the link."
I needed this balanced cable to connect a clip-on mic pickup for my acoustic guitar.It works perfectly and my recording are rich and full.Great price, too!"
My studio has powered monitors which require balanced inputs.  I purchased several of these cables at varying lengths and found them quite acceptable for this application.  I'm not sure I'd put them in my remote recording kit--they're not really heavy duty.  But for speakers or other static applications, they're just fine."
Noise free cables with good connectors at an affordable price.I used them for acoustic drum microphones into a mixer without any problems."
Give good crisp and live sound to my acoustic guitar. it is affordable and the material is solid enough that it can withstand abuse."
should have paid a little more and i guess im spoiled with 2nd day...these have been ordered for a couple of weeks...you seem to wait forever to save a few bucks...i odered for some buddies and hear about it every day...hope they work when they do finally arrive..good luck"
This was for a friend who needed a Guitar Capo. He hasn't had any problem with the capo yet. And the price was right."
This is a really strong capo.  The spring is very robust.  Well padded, and will not damage your instrument.  I have used it on guitars (electric and acoustic), banjo, and mandolin.  Takes some hand strength to open it, but you don't want a weak capo!"
Very pleased with timely arrival of the package.  Excited to use it with my new guitar, but after only two days of actual use it broke.  The plastic tension section just snapped off.  Very disappointed!"
I just got it today. Really tight because it's brand new, but it's really sturdy and solid. Nothing gimmicky or faulty, just perfect."
You have to get this cap on JUST right or the strings will buzz.  I think I'll keep this as a backup and get a better one for my every day use."
If you're in the need for a guitar capo, then this is a pretty good offering. For it being pretty cheap, I had to get it. Shipping was fairly fast, and it's ready to use straight out of the package. :D"
It really has everything that one could ask for in a guitar capo - it's a quality well-made tool that isn't going to fall apart any time soon; it has a strong spring, so it grips the neck and strings quite solidly; and it's easy to open up and clamp on the neck.Can't really say anything more than that this really is a well-made capo that works just exactly and precisely as a capo is supposed to work.I love it!"
This capo will not work on a guitar with a thicker neck, for example a les paul or most acoustics. For thinner necks, like a strat or tele, it works ok, but has to be positioned just right to prevent string buzz. It's not the ole clip it and go capo I'm used to. I bought this to have a capo I could just leave clipped on my acoustic's head for use when needed. No dice. Neck too thick. It's a Washburn dreadnaught. We're not talking some funky 7 string jazz guitar.Bottom line: It's cheap as dirt and you can make it work if you don't mind having to place it just right. My advice, spend a few bucks more and buy one that's easy."
It does the job. The only problem is that it sticks out a little to far down underneath the guitar neck thus impeding the fingers from taking the right position for some of the chords. You slide it up and away, you might loose pressure on strings and your guitar will make funny noises especially if you use hard strings. For the money, it does the job ok. It's a good one for beginers like myself."
This Capo does what it needs to do, makes it sound great, and is a great price. There are times where the capo is a little big and the fingers can hit it but in general, it is probably the best capo there is for an acoustic guitar. It does not break, and is very sturdy. Highly recommended."
I was skeptical because of the price but these work great.  It is even large enough to use with my 12 String."
This capo will do the job, if you can squeeze it open.  I'm hoping that leaving it on the headstock will lessen the spring tension. it is all I can do to open and place this on the guitar.  I cannot do it with one hand."
As soon as put it on my guitar, I enjoyed the way it got the job done. My first concern was, Will this damage my guitar? The answer is NO. It is user friendly and guitar friendly. The price is so low, you should own at least one. No problems. Just music. At the most competitive price available."
This capo works fine, its strong and fits great on my Spanish or Steel string guitar, I wouldn't ask for something more"
I received this capo yesterday and it works perfectly on my acoustic guitar. It is styled very much like the Kyser capos but cost about one third of what you'd pay for a Kyser. It is made of aluminum, NOT ABS plastic as another reviewer suggested. The spring is plenty strong enough to hold down all 6 strings with no problems. The rubber pad is flat and this capo works well on guitars with a flat fret board. I don't know how well it would work on a guitar with a curved radius fret board. I'm thinking it may not hold the high and low \"E\" strings down sufficiently to keep them from buzzing. I could be wrong. Keep in mind it is very important to fully depress the spring when moving the capo up or down the neck. Sliding it will cause wear on the rubber pad on any capo. The wound strings will cut into the rubber  like a file if you slide it on the strings. I really haven't had it long enough to see if it will stand the test of time, but as the title of my review reads: \"So far, So good\" It's very reasonably priced and I'm very pleased with it. I rate it at 5 stars. It's well worth the money. It's very unlikely to break and if I find the rubber pad wears out prematurely, I will update my review."
As I am one of those \"forever beginners\" when it comes to playing a guitar I may not be able to tell you all that this capo does. The reason I ordered it is to hold my strings so I can set my guitar. I may play around with it to see what all it does.Good price, just as described!"
Capo serves me well and the spring mechanism has held up for a year now and does not show signs of deterioration."
Capos ruin frets but i find them to be necessary.  This one has a very strong spring so I am hoping i lossens up with use."
Came on time. Works Very good. Strong spring that good start. If needed I would buy another. For me and my son it works great."
I got this as it has a little different clamp handle design than another I bought earlier.  Like the black and it holds well.  This has been appropriated by my son who really likes it on his black guitar.  No problem as I bought one as a spare against emergency breakage."
I chose this capo because I was just starting out and needed one for certain songs. This was a cheap capo, but it does its job well. I have no complaints about it at all."
Great product. Great price. Buy it.As a pro musician my entire teenage and adult life, I say, \"Ya, good capo\""
The item came quickly and as decribed. It clamps on my acoustic just fine, no string buzz or damage to the neck so far."
good for any guitar even if it is plastic it feel really strong on your guitar neck, it is a really good buy"
Some say \"this capo work bad\" I have to ask \"are your guitar is good enough to use this capo?\" or \"are you know how to use capo?\"I'm more than 20 years of playing guitar. This capo is worth the price. Good quality and work great for not extream user (Are you nuts?). Best recomended quality and price. PS. May not for very big guitar neck! Enjoy!"
I have bought 5 of these now for me and a few friends and they work great. I am sure they will wear out in time so I have a couple extras but you can't beat them."
it is an excellent backup capo.  I don't feel the spring is strong enough to do the proper job.  I use steel strings, perhaps it would be good for nylon strings...."
Easy to use does a great job and comes off when you want it to, and does not scratch or harm guitar in any way. Great price as well. I got two of them."
Does the trick! I use it all the time and haven't had any issues with functionality or build quality. I'd recommend it over more expensive capos any day! Good purchase."
Very sturdy stand made to last a lifetime.  Easy enough to adjust and can hold a lot of weight.  Cannot go wrong with this one."
This is a great stand.  In the past I have been plagued with light flimsy stands so decided to go for something that appeared solid and well made.  This one serves the bill.  I am impressed with the construction and so far it has been very stable.  It is not as handy to haul around as some of the more flimsy ones but the proof is what it does when it is in use.  I use it regularly for events and so far am very pleased."
The music stand is quite sturdy and well made in my humble opinion. I needed a music stand that could support a note book of music I have assembled over the years. This was great. I added a clip on LED light as well. PERFECT :-)"
Strong folds nice to bring it with you on a job. The price was right. May buy another for a spare."
I needed a good solid stand for my music while seated playing guitar.  solid- yes, adjusts to right height - YesIt is perfect! WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY."
I was looking for something more solid than the usual fold up stand and this is it.  I can put a heavy notebook full of music on it and a lamp and a tray and more stuff and it is rock solid.  Very happy."
No complaints whatsoever.Product is a solid build and prices right.Knobs work well and the stand doesn't slip.Legs hold up pretty well also."
This was so perfect that we bought 2 more of them for our music at home!"
nice wide lip, sturdy, appears to be well made and durable, nice finish on it, hopefully will last a long time"
Assembled the stand in seconds. It is very stable and solidly constructed. Should last a life-time. Very, very good value."
Sounds disgusting. Very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. Don't hope to take chords on it. Only on first 4 strings may be...Try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one."
I bought this because I was going on a trip and needed an amp I could pack in my suitcase that would work with a battery.I had a similar amp before that died. The Honeytone is very compact, but looks cool and is very simple to operate, with just three controls, volume, tone and gain (distortion). I found that some level of distortion is necessary to have any volume. If you try playing clean, with no distortion, you'll be underpowered. The trick is to balance the gain and volume for your instrument and situation. I tried a regular electric guitar, a lap steel guitar, a slide guitar, an acoustic-electric guitar, an acoustic-electric mandolin and a silent banjo. I thought the acoustic guitar would overwhelm this little amp, but I was surprised that it added to the projection and wasn't bad on the tone. It has a handy belt clip and a useless little leather handle (just for looks). I am using it to play an electric instrument in jamming situations where everyone else is playing acoustic, and I can adjust my volume to blend in. I think a mike with an unbalanced output (1/4&#34; phone jack) would also work in here, for street corner singing, for instance, though I haven't tried that yet as all my mikes use XLR jacks and there would be the issue of a mike stand or a lapel or headphone mike with a phone jack output, which might be hard to find.Overall, I'm very pleased with this amp and it seems sturdy and reliable so far, and at $20, a bargain."
I bought this to go with my Epiphone ukulele, for both myself and my grandson.  It's a good starter amp to see what your inexpensive ukulele or guitar sounds like with an amp.  For the price, it's good."
If you have an acoustic/electric uke, this is an ideal companion if you take the uke to friends, beach, road trip, camping, etc. It's quite small, and easy to pack into a backpack or bag. It's not a great electric amp, but it does a surprisingly good job amplifying a uke. Use a 9-volt when you need it, or buy a 9v AC adapter to plug into an outlet. You can't find a better option on a budget, when fun and convenience is more important than audiophile-quality sound."
I was rather skeptical of this little box amp, but it works great.  My acoustic gets a pretty hefty electric sound with the tone and overdrive adjustments!  Not sure how long the 9V battery will last, but the advantage of such a small box, with such a sound is worth a couple of batteries.  I have been playing on and off for the past three hours and it is just fine!  Well worth the money spent!  And it is small enough to fit right into the pocket of my guitar bag...one less thing to tote!  Looks really cool too!"
I have to say this little guy packs a punch and for 20 bucks. I just needed something I could plug into that was super portable and cheap. Also this works well with an iPhone set up if you want to use some larger effects this little guy doesn't come with. Also this little guy doesn't gobble up 9volt batteries like other guitar gear tends to do. The only minor flaw is it's made out of plastic so if you need something more durable maybe get a solid state amp the plugs into a wall outlet....our buy two more of these, they are only 20 bucks."
i like it as the stars say...great for around the house playing,but  lately i noticed it does cut out on me...when you strum it shuts down somrtimes,i am not sure if it is the battery or it just does not like the song i am playing...when you turn it back on it usally works fine...some other people have made the same discovery also...but for $20...i'm going to live with it,,has a belt clip if you want to look really silly playing...i just glued it to my pelvis!!!"
Fun little rig. Needed something to play electric through headphones, and this offered me that plus a mini amp when needed. The sound quality is surprisingly hot."
This portable 9volt amp is pretty loud without sacrificing tone. It's way louder than a 9volt Fender mini Twin (which actually does incorporate two speakers), however when you dial in the gain all the way you get a crunch rather than full on distortion. It comes included with a 9volt and is compatible with most negative tip power adapters (make sure its 300mA like the Planetwaves adapter for $9.00). At $20.00 this amp is a deal!"
A cute little monster that's surprisingly loud and versatile. I bought primarily for travel and I'm pleased with my purchase. Don't expect too much for $20 (it's all plastic) and you should be satisfied too. The amp comes with helpful instructions showing different tone settings (fuzz, twang, etc.). I also purchased the AC adaptor since these things typically eat batteries."
In my opinion...This is the best amp in this category. I know people who have the Marshall and the Fender. I plugged into my little HoneyTone and I had the best sounding micro amp hands down. They were both amazed with the sound. They said \"well mine was only $45 and \"mine was only $40.\" Too bad so sad for them. I told them mine was $20. Since it doesn't say Marshall or Fender, I only had to pay 1/2 for a better sounding amp. If you are looking for an amp with 1 or 2 watts, and know what to expect from a micro, this amp does not disappoint"
The HoneyTone is aptly named.  It has a long reputation for having excellent sound for its size. That reputation is earned.  It has double the volume of a portable amp I own that's twice its size.  The tone range is generous (from mellow to high treble).  From what I've seen and heard, the &#34;overdrive&#34; function is fairly useless in an amp this size.  It tends to go distortion to the point of garble.  My guess is specific guitars may work well with the overdrive, but I have no use for it as I prefer clear tones.  It is possible to over-volume the amp (as with any amp) so i don't max it out, but for a portable or practice amp, it works very well.  I've bought three of these now and plan to buy more.  I don't know as I'd pay $40 to $60 for it, but the Amazon price (currently around $20) makes it a great value.  I hope it's around at this price level for a long time as it's great for hobbyist projects or for box guitar amping."
Ok, I'm surprised that this unit is now over $15.00.  I only spent $8.59 for this and I'm mad at myself.  It was cheap enough that I rolled the dice to see if I could get away with a decent product for CHEAP.  It feels solid, looks like a real direct box...but sounds like ass.  I couldn't believe that Pyle would put that much effort into a great \"fit and finish\" product, yet not put decent components inside.  This is the noisiest piece of crap I've ever used - I ended up buying another direct box (spent over $60.00).  Pyle has once again lived up to it's name, but they should finish the name properly and re-brand as \"Pyle of S***.\"Sorry folks, but I'd skip this one.  The 5-star ratings must be from employees.  The only reason I didnt' give it one star was because it was so cheap (Remember, I only spent $8.59), and I'm the one that pulled the trigger on the purchase.Live and learn.  Why would I think plugging a $2000.00 guitar into a cheap piece of crap was a good idea?  My fault."
Seem to work well. Keep the ground switch selected, and it will do just fine. I have used different direct boxes and I recommend this one."
I thought I was getting something that would boost/amplify the signal from my bass to the amp.  It didn't, but at it's cheap price it wasn't bad and I found other uses for it.  They make ones that will boost the signal, so if that's what you're looking for, be a careful consumer."
I bought this because my band's primary PA mixer doesn't have high-impedance inputs for a guitar pickup, and I don't always want to bring my submixer for quick-change gigs. So, a small, cheap DI box seemed like a good solution.The PDC21 is a no-frills device. It converts a 1/4\" instrument cable (high Z) to a balanced/unbalanced 1/4\" or XLR (low Z) signal. It does a fine job. I don't notice it coloring the sound (i.e., it's not changing the balance of frequencies transmitted) although it does lower the volume somewhat. That's to be expected in a passive DI box, and it doesn't bother me.I'm using it with an LR Baggs M1A active soundhole pickup. The M1A spits out a fairly hot signal, and I don't have any problem with the signal loss associated with the PDC21. If I were using a passive pickup in my guitar, the results might be different.Bottom line: it's small, fairly light, seems durable, and it does a good job converting my active guitar signal to the XLR inputs our PA mixer requires. It does everything I wanted, and the price was right. I see no reason to go shopping for a more expensive one."
This passive DI-box is a great little tool that provides attenuation to interface a line or instrument output with a balanced microphone input.  Some notes on this box are that the 0db attenuation still has some attenuation.  The -20db attenuation sounded funny, but that is probably because I used the same equipment for all attenuation settings.  With each attenuation setting, I had to adjust the input volume accordingly.  This device also a some ground lift switch that can prevent ground loops.  All the devices that I tried this with did not have their own internal grounding, so I needed to have the ground come from the mixer.  I did get some hum when I would touch the case, just like I did with other DI-boxes.  This product worked very well for my needs."
A loud hum will crescendo in every few minutes even if the ground is lifted.  Works great in intervals though, too bad those intervals are minutes."
I bought 4 pcs of these at $8each shipped. These are very well constructed and function very well too. I am using these to tap the INSERTS from my mixer and send the signal to my M-audio Fast Track ultra for recording. By putting the 1/4\" TS partially in to the INSERT of my mixer (and most mixers) you can get a direct output without actually interupting the signal chain. The other end of the 1/4\" TS cable goes to the PDC21 and then I use the XLR output to connect to my Fast Track using either and XLR to XLR or and XLR to TRS cable. My Fast Track did not like something about the signal level when I fed it directly from the mixer but with the PDC21 between the mixer and FTU, it works fantastic. This is for refernce recording in our jam-space, not studio recording; it works great for this application.I have also used this as a DI box for guitar, all of my gear is middle of the line (not junk but not super high-end), I don't notice any tone-sucking in my \"jam-space\" application.I would definately buy more."
It stopped working after 2 gigs. I'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. I guess you get what you pay for here."
Grabbed a handful of these units to bolster up my recording kit this year.  I got three single channels and two dual channel units.Set them up for the keyboard player (Dual Channel), bass, and guitar player DI's plus one from a DI output on a effects module that were all on stage and connected them into my snake running to the back of the venue.Crystal clear sound from all 4 units straight into a recording mixing console.  I was impressed.Not one pop, hiss, crack or anything from these units all night.  Even was able to adjust the pad setting on the guitar and bass to cut the signal a bit so I didn't have to use so much compression to keep the signal from clipping going to the recording.No telling how long these units will last, but for the price, who cares, just buy another one and move on.Check out how these boxes sound on the Band's YouTube page @ GerrellTheBand to hear the sound coming from these units.  Near studio quality."
this box is what i have been missing out of my setup. always getting the question,&#34;Can i hook my keyboard into your sound board&#34;. Feel good to say that now I have the capability now"
Can't say much more than the description.  It's a cheap box that works.  Nothing fancy and not for everyone.  If you just need a box that is cheap this is it."
I've bought several pairs of these for my guitars and no complaints yet.  They all work flawlessly.  I'll definitely buy more and highly recommend them.  Just like Schaller but Fender branded and cheaper (Asian made)."
Tested by the guitar mags to be the best strap lock available.  These are basically the same as Schaller strap locks.  They cost less money and I think the parts are interchangeable.  It is still best to keep them seperated as to their original manufacturer (disclaimer.)  I know that the Fender buttons will work in the Schaller strap portion of the lock."
As a new guitar player I have a lot to learn, and after nearly dropping my guitar twice in about 15 minutes because the strap sliding off the pegs research was needed.  Based on reviews here and other sites I ordered these.  Arrived quickly, extremely easy to install and work as advertised.  Would buy these again if/when I acquire new guitars."
Actually they're not fender, they are Schaller, but that is really good!. Looks great in my Fender Squier. Highly recommended!"
Got a vintage instrument you don't ever want to see hitting the floor... well, here are is the long term 100% secure solution!"
They seem the same but the original schallers that came with my tele deluxe 2008 are bigger and stronger for the lack of a better word, still a good buy"
Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force.We tried to make the Fender/Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us."
If you play a lot you have to install these on all your guitars and straps. Easy to use and very secure. No fear of the strap coming loose and having your guitar drop to the floor."
There is a lot to think about with a strap lock... Is it 100% sturdy? 100% reliable? Does the design put undue stress or wear on the guitar? Can it fit in a case, or does it make you take the strap off every time you put your guitar away?The Fender-Schaller design covers all of these bases well. I believe it is 100% sturdy and reliable. Unlike it's Dunlop competition, the stress on the guitar is roughly equivalent to plain strap buttons. It will not fit in all cases, but will fit in many.I've switched over to this design and couldn't be happier with it.NOTE: I advise using a crescent wrench and a socket to tighten the nut. One always wants to avoid over-tightening, but the risk of under-tightening is high without proper leverage. If you don't really tighten the nut down, you are likely to have things fall apart while playing some day."
I bought one of those padded Fender leather straps (it says FS1 CANADIAN leather on the back). I thought these Fender strap locks would complement the strap, but because of the padding the thread on the strap-lock wasn't high enough for the nut to reach. I finally got the nut to get a hold of the top of the thread and although it works I don't trust that its enough. If you have a padded leather strap I don't recommend these."
This straplock set doesn't come with any instructions, that's because it's so easy you don't need them! Took the original screws off my Fender Strat, set the button, screws and felt washer together and quickly screwed it in. Afterwards screwed the lock into myGibson Lightning Bolt Style 2 Inch Safety Guitar Strap, Jet Blackwithout any problem whatsoever and it was ready!It is a quite simple mechanism but it shows that the button and lock won't come loose by accident by any chance. Still haven't given it a real gig test but by hanging it for a couple minutes I can tell I made the right purchase. Way recommended!"
This is a very good strap lock system. i put it on my wolfgang guitar and it locked very properly my strap. recommended."
This was a filler item for a much larger order.  I am very interested in the Straplocks, so I decided to give them a try.  I sincerely like the concept."
Easy to install, I used the guitars existing strap button screws.Straplocks came with black & white felt, that's a nice touch. I think black looks better with my guitar."
Look just like Schaler branded parts without the Schaler brand name stamped on them - there is a little Fender logo on the bottom - real cool.These strap locks are the greatest - they work perfectly every time and will survive years of on the road abuse. I have carried an extra set with me in my case in the event that I broke one - but this has never happened.Touring, bar bands, garage bands or bedroom heroes all need these strap locks on every guitar and strap they own. And since the guitar isn't hanging by the hole in the strap the strap lasts years longer."
This Behringer box is a very good tool, effect I would recommend to anyone from beginner to pro. One thing should be noted the light is amber not blue and no 9 volt battery is required. The device comes with a removable power cord, which  to me is a big plus."
This pedal is \"ok\" by which I mean, I provides the basic functions it says it does. Quality-wise, it feels a bit cheapish....I was afraid I was going to snap a pot off or something while playing it. The case is metal but feels like the thinnest sheet metal they could get away with building it from. The power switch and chorus/vibrato switch were clearly the cheapest switches they could find, and are not that easily accessible by a toe...you gotta bend over and flip those. They are small.On the other hand it was only sixty-nine-bucks - relatively inexpensive for a multifunction effect pedal.I don't care for the rear facing upwardly angled input, output and power jacks. That's not pedal board friendly in my opinion. Nice as a tabletop effect. The footprint is fairly huge on the board at about 7.75\" x 6.5\" (approx). The \"standard\" 9V center negative power supply is a \"postive\" (excuse my pun.)If you are looking for a way to play with signal modulation - echos, vibratos, reverbs, old style choruses...this is not a bad way to get started playing with that. You can make a lot of sounds without breaking the bank.Personally, I have other effects that make these sounds and do it in a smaller space, so for me...not a keeper. Your situation might be different than mine.Not a bad product, acceptable at it's price point, just didn't impress me much."
When you purchase this product the advertisement leads you to believe a separate power supply is required but it does come with its own power supply.  There is no need to purchase a separate Behringer PSU-SB.Otherwise the time machine works fine, as described."
I really like this delay. It's simple and works well. I really am starting to love Behringer. Great pedal for a great price."
This is an awesome analog echo effect. Very similar to a EHX Memory Man it does it all. The only complaint is the pots have limited function unlike the MM so instead of a lot of play on some of the knobs you have a very little bit of play which can be annoying. Other than that for the price its just awesome."
Well 3 hours to put together got tiring and annoying as things tend to fall a part..however as a standalone items it is great with good sounds and groove tracks to practice drumming on..However I am not a drummer nor have any interest in becoming one..I bought this in order to use with software recording for basic beats to fit my own songs..and it is a NIGHTMAREGoing on a week now no support help from either company..HEED MY WARNING IF YOU WANT TO USE THIS WITH NI, EZ DRUMMER OR OTHER PROGRAMS LIKE THAT YOU MUST KNOW HOW TO REROUTE MAPPING OF MIDI IN ORDER TO USE IT. This is not a plug and play item you will spend hours of your time trying to get this to work with software...There is very little helpful info out on the net i've owned this for over a week and still never used it for its purpose yet being that its a stand alone item..there really is no MIDI support..Im am close to giving up the fight and sending it back.Alesis could have made this an amazing item and 1000 times easier if they simply created a midi out port on the module you could run into your daw and software.."
Other reviews give an adequate overview of the kit and its potential so I'll just mention particular details: The kick pedal spring tension was set too tight, making the pedal hard to control and very frustrating to a beginner. Fortunately the thumbscrew and nut adjustment is easy and made a tremendous improvement in feel and control.The documentation is poor and, inexcusably, there's nothing better available online from Alesis: The steps in the graphical setup page are less than ideal for a single person assembly. The kit allows for tremendous flexibility in positioning the pads horizontally and vertically, yet you're pretty much left on your own to discover this. Experienced drummers will know what they want but I would have appreciated a suggested basic setup showing common variations.The control module's buttons and operation are described but there's no detailed guide to the preset kits or selectable pad patches. You'll just have to hear them and jot down your own notes.There seems to be an ongoing controversy over a firmware update to the controller module - whether it fixes an issue with the snare drum pad responsiveness when struck simultaneously with the hi hat, or is in fact the cause of an issue with the pad. I've noticed no such problem and, as of this date, Alesis has no such update on their site, which leads me to suspect their former patch may have been bad and/or they've updated units currently being sold.Speaking of the snare, the second outer zone for rimshots is nice but I can only get it to trigger while sticking from the outside. The technique of laying the stick flat across the head and lifting one end doesn't seem to trigger the rimshot (or perhaps I just haven't worked out the touch yet).I'm interested in a natural sound, probably close to a classic jazz kit, and a couple of the presets work for me. I also have Battery 3 and using the kit to trigger those samples opens up vast possibilities. Still, most of the time I just want to sit down and play and don't want to bother firing up the PC and loading software so it's nice to have two workable options. The headphone volume could be louder but running it into powered speakers and taking a headphone out from them solves that issue.Keeping the pads clean is easy with two soft lint-free cloths. Dampen one with a little warm water (wring it out well) and use a light circular motion to remove dust and dirt, then wipe gently with the dry cloth to take up any residue.This is my first experience with an electronic kit and, as others have mentioned, the sensation really is fundamentally different from an acoustic instrument, particularly when striking the cymbal pads. It takes awhile to mentally balance the soft thud or click (depending on which surface you strike) from outside the headphones with the sampled drum sound within. I wasn't sure I liked it for the first couple of weeks (meaning I probably didn't) but I've gotten used to it and have gradually begun to relate to the DM6 on its own terms, not as an imitation of an acoustic drum kit, but as something else with its own special characteristics."
For the money it costs it worth it. The construction seems good (especially the kick drum pedal), but the brains leave a little to be desired, although it's very functional. The biggest complaint I have is that it only has 1/8&#34; stereo out and 1/8&#34; headphones out. Really should be 1/4&#34; mono or stereo. I bought a separate plug to allow this so I could put it into my mixer and I'm good."
I'll try to keep this succinct and say only what needs said. Setup was fairly easy (although the instructions were downright cryptic). The adjustability is wonderful. And the kit looks phenomenal out of the box. That being said, one of my toms is nowhere near as responsive as the rest of them (I'll soon contact the company for a replacement), the cymbals are not intuitive to strike placement (you only get the secondary cymbal tone when you strike it very hard, and even then it's no guarantee), and I'm guessing, due to their close proximity to each other and the sensitivity of the pads, the snare often activates when I strike the hi-hat. At first glance, the different tone kits don't bring much to the table. But there is a wide range of personalization available when you begin to dig deeper into the controls. To a small extent, I've even been able to cover up the less-than-responsive tom by lowering the volume on all the other pieces. My only other complaint is that the bass drum doesn't bring much to the table. It sounds more like a flat tom than a bass pedal.In short; this kit was somewhat defective out of the box. But it's still fun to use. So, unless you plan to record with your electronic kit, I'd recommend this product as a fun musical toy. But it's certainly not up to par with some of the more expensive kits I've used. And recording with this kit would likely be a nightmare."
I am a beginner and wanted a set that I can learn on, but would also allow me to experiment with other percussion instruments besides a rock drum set and would take a small amount of room and allow low volume levels.  I've had this set for about a month and a half.  So far, it is working well for me.  The rubber drum and cymbal surfaces are great for keeping the volume low enough when playing late at night.  Each drum and cymbal seem to have sweet spots where I imaging the triggers are.  Depending on the devise, hitting further from this sweet spot might change the sound and/or volume produced.  The impression I get is that most electronic drum sets have some kind of problem or another, so it seems to be whether the problem(s) are something you can live with or not.  Also, you can't play with the same nuance and control as an acoustic set, but for the price it goes a long way to making it seem real enough that I can enjoy it and feel like I'm learning the drums.  It takes up very little space compared to an acoustic set which is great for me since I have little room for it.  There are a few problems that I'm not likely to encounter until I become really accomplished.  One is that when playing the snare rim shot and either the hi-hat or tom 1 simultaneously, one or the other will not trigger a sound to occur about half the time.  I found this out when playing these combinations rapidly, which I'm not likely to do maybe ever.  But it is still an error in functionality.  I called Alesis and they said this was a common characteristic of this model drum set.  There is a firmware update that has been mentioned in earlier reviews that I, but it didn't make any difference.  In summary, for the price and my needs, I am very pleased with this drum set.  More expensive sets with more sounds and better nuance control don't have the rubber surfaces that I want, plus, according to reviews they all seem to have problems of some type so spending more money doesn't necessarily eliminate problems."
I agree with those reviewers who really like this pickup. It has a very natural sound, is reliable and amazingly strong. The suction cup issue is easy to solve, it just needs to be a bit humid and it will stay well. I also bought (for comparison) the Cherub WCP-60G, which is not bad but has much more of an unnatural metallic sound, plus it seems more feedback-prone than the AXL. I can only recommend, if you have a nice classical guitar and want to amplify it with true sound, the AXL is an excellent and inexpensive solution. I doubt that the $200 stuff is much better."
Got it right b4 x'mas, thanks Amazon!It is one of the best value I have purchased.  Suction design is great for any size of string instruments, uke, small soundholded guitars, or acoustic guitars. Thanks for the previous viewers' tip to moisture the suction b4 pressuring on the surface of the guitar that next to the bridge.  It stays great and pickups perfectly without any unwanted noise from the pickup wire itself (recently have bought another one does).  great value and quality for $11 i spent ever."
I bought this for a friend who plays the guitar. He said that you can hear the guitar but barely."
It does not stick on to the guitar very well.  Trying some of the other reviews as to ways to get it to stick worked but I now have a small circle in the finish of my Martin.  I made mistake of attaching so wife could play Rocksmith and now wish I had used cheaper guitar or better yet, bought a better pickup."
Works really well with all of my stringed acoustic instruments It has a good clean sound and I think for the price you can not go wrong."
the suction cup does not work. it looks like aged. it's very hard with room temp 70F. I removed the rubber suction cup and I have to use a big paper clipper to secure it on the sound hole edge. it picks up sound OK, but not great."
I bought this to try out on my baritone uke.It works great and is very easy to use.I use it with my Fender Mustang.I had no problem with the suction cup except on the rougher face of my Martin DX1.I was able to attach it to the smoother HPL back and sides using the suction cup.I wet it before attaching.You could also use a small clamp, blue painters tape, etc., for trouble mounting.It could be used on just about any instrument.  Some may need a clamp.It picks up anything it is attached to.It will feed back depending on how close and the angle to the amp.Pretty cool.Nice price."
I bought this pickup for placement in two ukeleles I own.The first ukelele was a Lanakai LU-21.  It installed pretty easily, except the adhesive lost its adhesion after I moved the pickup to a new location within the soundbox.  I need to get some stronger carpet tape or new adhesive to secure it more permanently in its new location.  It sounded great though -- several people commented on how loud and sweet the instrument sounded through a guitar amplifer and also through a mixer, amp and PA system.  We did have to boost the gain on the mixer significantly to get adequate volume, but we were able to project enough sound to do a dance for about 100 people.  Straight into a guitar amp, it gave plenty of volume.Happy with the results, I then installed a second one in a Mahalo painted/economy ukelele available here on Amazon.  The installation went well except the endpin jack wouldn't \"stay put\" in the sound hole.  On my Lanakai this was not a problem -- there is a ragged washer which goes on the inside of the endpin jack which is supposed to bite into the wood on the inside of the instrument.  It is supposed to stop the endpin jack from turning when you screw on a strap pin/bolt onto the endpin jack from the outside of the instrument.  On the Lanakai, this ragged-edged washer bit into the softer mahogany-like wood easily and did its job very well.  On the Mahalo, which is a smooth maple or pine, the ragged washer couldn't bite into the wood.  As a result, the endpin jack turned and turned when I tried to screw on the outer bolt/strap button and never went on tight enough.  I had to put masking tape around the end pin jack to make it fit snugly in the hole I created in the end block of the ukelele.  THEN there was enough resistance to allow me to install the strap button/end bolt very tightly.My biggest beef with this unit is the fact that it takes a 15/32 hole to fit it snugly in the ukelele.  This is an odd size, so you end up using a 7/16 drill bit which is common in most handyman drill bit sets.  Because this is too small, you have to make the hole 1/32\" larger by whatever means you have available.  This was an agonizingly slow process when I tried to do it by hand, using a dowel with sandpaper wrapped around it.  A peg-hole reamer might have done a better job, but I didn't have one.So, I eventually found a dowel and glued some sandpaper to it, shoved it in my drill press, and slowly lifted my 7/16\" hole in the ukelele into the spinning sanpaper dowel.  This took care of the sizing problem in a matter of seconds, although it was not a really tight fit, and necessitated the use of masking tape around the endpin jack in the Mahalo to stablize it in the hole.Also, the directions don't tell you much about the placement of the 3 nuts, 2 flat washers, ragged washer, and strap button/bolt that goes on the end of the jack.  I did it his way, starting from the inside of the ukelele:(Bolt1-Bolt2-thin washer-ragged washer)-- WALL OF THE UKELELE -- (outer thick washer, outer bolt3, outer strap pin/bolt).  The purpose of bolt1 is to stabilize bolt2.  This sequence of pieces worked on both instruments in which I installed the pickup.Overall, when played through different guitar amps, as well as a mixer/amp/PA system, I was pleased with the results of this unit in a ukelele.  I would buy another if I needed to amplify yet another accoustic instrument."
I am not going to say this pickup is the best thing since sliced bread, but it is built solidly and built to last. It is simple, practical, and cheap. There are obvious advantages and disadvantages to that. You don't buy $150.00 pickup for a $200-$300 instrument. Being able to plug in and be self-sufficient (in most rooms, especially at open mics) is easier and better than relying on a mic, especially for beginners, because it takes skill and discipline to stay within the mic's sweet spot. Also, some rooms/PA's/hosts do not work well when trying to mic an instrument. At least a pickup like this has the potential for keeping the sound front and center. (I will experiment with different instruments & write more about the quality later.)That said, there is only one piezo element, unlike a K&K; pickup, for example. So it is limited in giving you optimal sound, no matter where it is placed. Also, in case you cannot tell from the image, the soldering connection and wires are exposed on the jack, so it can only be used inside your instrument, which means drilling a hole."
I know when I ordered it, I was buying a cheap device, and didn't expect it to be great.  It works. That should be enough, but amazon requires a certain number of words."
Very authentic sound reproduction. Simple to install but be aware that the instructions are not very clear. The threaded end is 'holed' so you can hook it with a wire to pull it into position on the tailstock. You'll never get your arm in there far enough. LOLYou will need a 15/32nd drill bit to complete the install."
I was considering a $100  K&K pickup to amplify a $40 pawn shop guitar I have grown fond of,  I bought it to take to the beach and camping, places where I would be too nervouse to bring my expensive guitar.  I couldnt justify spending over double for a pickup than I did for the guitar so I bought this and am glad I did.  Arrived in one day, and I first experimented with different placements using the double sided adhesive  that came with it on the outside of the guitar, plugged my cord into it un-installed and played around for 20 minutes,  you'll notice a huge difference in sound from inch to inch.  Found a sweet spot near area &#34;2&#34; on the weak instructions.  I drilled my hole using a straigh bit because my end pin was screwed into a mahoghany block almost 1&#34; thick,  I didnt want a tapered hole from a reamer,  I wated a straight hole.  As others have noted,  it was impossible to fit my arm through the soundhole, so I inserted a philips screwdriver through the end pin hole,  and slid the jack onto the tip of the screwdriver to help guide it out through the hole after first slipping on the plain washer and then the friction washer with the little teeth to dig into the wood and hold.  Because you cant reach in there and hold the jack steady while tightening the outer nuts,  they give you holes through the threaded jack (very easy to go un-noticed)  I was able to spin the washer and nut on the threaded end,  and secure them by holding the threaded portion from spinning with an ice pick or awlinsde the jack through one of the small holes while I tightened the nut firmly.  Took 3 trys before I had it adjusted to the perfect length so that when I spun the nice little finishing cap on over the threads,  it tightened down just right with the threaded portion flush with the cap for a neat appearance.  Too much and it sticks out,  too little and theres not enough thread to tighten this cap on,  you adjust the length of the installed jack with the nut on the inside of the guitar,  theres plenty of threaded jack there to accomodate any thickness of the block of wood at the tail of the guitar where the 2 sides meet.  Plugged into my fender acoustasonic 30 and Wow was blown away by the sweet sound, I am so glad I saved a ton of money!  Ordered 2 more for my other guitars,  Even one for my nylon stringed acoustic since the pickup is not magnetic.  I will say this the output is very low, nessesitating that I turn up my amp to almost 10 to fill my livingroom,  this would not work for playing out without a preamp,  but I like that theres no battery,  and I plan to buy a strap mounted external preamp that I can economize and use one preamp for my 4 guitars rather then installing 4 preamp equipped pickups in all my guitars at $100+ each!  Terrific bargain for the price!!!"
So i decided to amplify my Martin Dreadnaught (a really, really nice acoustic guitar). I didn't want to spend a lot if it just wouldn't sound good with a pickup, and saw this had consistently good ratings. I can't speak for other acoustic pickups, but this far exceeded my expectations, and I don't plan on buying a more expensive piezo, or soundhole pickup.ATTACHING ITUnfortunately the narrow portion of the barrel is not long enough to fit through the end/tail block; and I didn't want to drill a new hole in my not-so-cheap guitar just to test out a relatively cheap pickup.So I attached the pickup in the regular position inside the body behind the bridge, and just ran the cable out from the sound hole. The jack is held onto the pickguard with some scotch outdoor mounting tape (which is kind of like really strong gum, it can be removed without leaving sticky residue); which holds it in place well enough to plug in a cable and move around as long as I don't jerk the guitar quickly.SOUND QUALITYI plugged it into my cheap, regular guitar amp, and whoa! The package mentions two locations you can place the pickup, and because I needed to run it through the sound hole, I could only place it where more treble is picked up. So I have to compensate on my amp by turning down the treble to 7 or lowerBecause the pickup is a transducer, no electrical feedback/interference is picked up, so the sound will be very clear and crisp. It would probably sound even better on an amp with better electric shielding; the only noise I get even at max gain, max input volume, is from the amp itself, heard with every instrument I plug into it if I turn the master volume up too high.Another thing to consider is that transducers pickup vibrations, so it won't pick up sound when placed a millimeter away from the guitar body, but will when touching it. So with that in mind, the pickup will strongly output every sound you make to the guitar body; like it brushing up against your body, a zipper hitting the guitar, your fingers sliding on the strings etc."
This pickup is pretty good at lower volumes. But it becomes a feedback nightmare at higher volume. The pickup is very, over sensitive.Also, spend some time where exactly you place the pickup, it makes a big difference! Try to put it near a solid part of the instrument so it does not pickup so much and make the cound like the bottom of a cave or something."
I bought this as a cheap way to amplify my acoustic. Learned my lesson. Should of just forked over the money for an a/e. I have a Yamaha F335 I really like. I say someone take a piezo transducer to amplify his guitar so I thought I'd try it. I first picked up a transducer for about $3 and experimented. I like it, sounded good then I saw this from Axl and I thought I'd try it. Installing it wasn't bad except I bought a set of drill bits I didn't need for $10. So I got it installed and plugged it in and from the start the sound was alright. I just wanted it for playing around at home so I didn't need real great sound quality. But sound was ok except it picks up every bang and knock especially my planet waves I think quick connect strap connector. My other complaint is I couldn't turn it up too loud without the feedback screeching. Overall product quality is good. Setup was ok. Price was good. Sound in my opinion needs some tweaking."
I first installed one of these in a new 'laminated' guitar, to test it and I was truly blown away by the quality of the sound! I had purchased this guitar for practicing during our cold and dry, New England winter!The sound was so good that I ended up putting another one into my prized, 1973 Guild Madeira (built in Japan!). This guitar sounds much better than the laminated Fender does and this pickup reproduces it accurately through my Fender amplifier's 'clean' setting.I tried attaching the pickups in various positions but found that I liked the sound the best when the pickup was attached slightly below, towards the bottom of the guitar and slightly favoring the treble strings side of the bridge, just off center in the lower X-bracing.YouTube has several good installation videos that show you exactly how-to install an acoustic pickup such as this one.I've used these pickups now to record several of my favorite guitar pieces. It's wonderful, no longer having to keep the guitar perfectly still with relations to an external, stand mounted microphone!If you wish to record your acoustic guitar, this is an effective and very inexpensive solution for that!"
The fact that it is passive really kills it. I just could not get any sound out of it, I tried multiple placements. I finally just bought a guitar with a pickup in it. Not worth the money, or the extra hole in your guitar."
I have a lot of guitars and do all the work on them myself.A couple of secrets to installing the mike pickup:After you drill the hole, and are trying to figure out just how to get thejack into place from the inside of the guitar, do this;Get a guitar/patch cable and run it through the hole you just drilled until you can grab it throughthe sound hole. jack into the AXL and then pull it out the hole using your cable. You may have to dothis a couple of times to get the jam nuts set for the right depth, so having a way to make this processeasier is a big help. Also, I did not use the giant endpin collar that came with the assy, as it just takesup a lot of thread space to accomplish nothing.Finding a sweet spot on smaller guitars/ukulele/mandolin's can be close to impossible because the soundhole is actually so small, you can't get your hand in, and finger length is as far as you can go, so in most cases, go in the direction of the low E string side as this is what is typically lacking on the smaller instruments unless you have Jimi Hendrix hands and in that case, congratulations.Finally, on Travel guitars; GET RID OF THE GIANT STRINGS THAT COME ON SOME OF THESE THINGS!My SX traveller came in with 11-54's and I could not even hear the low E string. I had an old set of electric 10-46's I took off of a BB King Lucille, and just for the heck of it swapped them out; Man what a difference; actually so much difference that I really didn't need the AXL I just installed even though it's a fun addition.As far as an amp, I have a little HoneyTone that has been feeling out of place alongside my very large amp arsenal, and just may have found a home, as it is about as small as you can get to go along with the Travel guitar."
This is a hit-or-miss product.  For me it fell short but for others it seems to work very well.  It's not a total loss since I can reuse the endpin jack with the soundhole solution I ended up with.  It was cheap enough that it was worth taking a chance on."
The Taylor strap is very nice and works like a strap should. You will notice that it does not slip around once over the shoulder like the nylon cheap straps do."
I bought this to complement a 414ce-LTD (Fall 2011) guitar, and wanted to have something that would last a long time, and provide a nice suede feel to keep the strap from sliding around on my shoulder.It took a little bit to get the hole over the butt peg of the guitar - it almost seemed the slit they cut was too small. After working at it a few minutes, I got it to fit, and it wore really nicely once I got the length where I wanted. Taking it on/off the guitar isn't too much trouble, but over the past few months the bottom slit has stretched a little more - enough to make it easier to get it on. I'm glad that it came a little tighter initially - the leather stretches over time, and it's clear they had that in mind when they make these. The quality is excellent, and I'm buying another one to go with my 12-string Taylor."
I bought this strap for my Taylor guitar.It's a fine strap that feels really comfortable and soft.As it says, it is made to fit well on Taylor guitars but can fit in any other guitar as well.The color is pretty much the same as the picture posted.Highly recommended"
Nice to see something well made for a change.  Most guitar straps I see that are less than $80.00 are all cheap and that fake stuff."
This strap is genuine suede leather, so it is really comfortable and has lots of friction, so no sliding around on my shoulders while I'm playing. It's plenty long for any guitar size or shoulder width, and adjusting is just like most leather straps. Taylor logo makes it look good and official.Nothing bad to say about this strap."
I've been using primarily Alchemy strings for years but just got tired of spending so much for them. I figured I'd try some others at half the price and see if any stack up.These were the first to go on, and they were a HUGE step down from what I had on. The strings I took off were probably two months old an had spots of corrosion on the high E string. They were twice as loud as these. When you take these out of the pack, they sort of flop out like wet spaghetti. They don't do the fast unravel thing that strings typically do. The cons definitely outweigh the pros here.Pros:-Very flexible, string bends are easy-Easy on the fingersCons:-The most dull sound of any strings I've ever heard. Especially on the low end. They're dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound. The highs are very tinny. Almost sounds like a bad recording.-Your fingers stick when you try to slide down the strings. It's the weirdest thing. This is especially true for the G string. It's hard to explain, but it's kind of like rubbing against something really clean, where your hand does that skipping sort of rub and there's tons of squeak to boot. Anyways, it sucks. Grip is the last thing you want on your strings.Bottom line: Unless you have some wicked arthritis and just have to have super easy to bend strings, these should not be purchased. I'll never buy again. This is the first time in my life I wanted to change brand new strings."
The reason they are called silk and phosphor is that the wound strings have silk along with steel in their cores (the wire around which the windings are wound) rather than just steel.  This allows them to tune to pitch with less tension, so they can be the ideal string for a beginner or someone who is moving from nylon.  There are also silk and steel strings with silver plated copper windings.  The lower tensions and light gauges mean that they may not drive some guitar tops hard enough to let them perform up to their capability.  That is, they may sound soft and cheap.  I would not put them on most Martin dreadnoughts, for example.  But they may work fine on lightly braced guitars. The only way to find out for sure is to experiment.These are an experiment for me, I usually use silk-and-steel on my guitar banjo, it was time to change strings, and I stumbled across these.  I'll have to see where things settle down, but so far I'm willing to give these silk-and-phosphor the nod over silk-and-steel.  The sound is a bit brighter.  My music partner says she prefers the way these silk-and-phosphor blend with her fiddle.This is so \"out there\" that I won't let it influence my rating.  My guitar-banjo's tailpiece has small holes through which the strings must pass.  The ends of the windings at the bottoms of the bare steel 1st and 2nd strings stick out a bit, so I had trouble putting them on.  I was able to use a fine wire cutter to nip the end of the 1st string, but it didn't work for the 2nd string.  I ended up using a D'Addario string of the same gauge in its place.  Admittedly, it was a tight fit, but I was able to put it on without working on it."
What's not to love about these strings? The sound is fantastic ... they ring like they should. But my fret hand no longer gets tired after playing all night long."
These sound and feel good but nothing spectacular to report.Had to make adjustments to eliminate buzzing.They sound OK"
I have recently been itching to buy a classical guitar, as that's what I learned on as a child. I can't afford it at the moment, so I decided to give these a shot.These do not turn your steel string into a classical guitar by any stretch of the imagination. I didn't expect them to - but a guy can dream, can't he?Anyway, what they did provide was very warm and clear sound to my normally overly-bright Takamine. It also helped with the rather high action. They play and sound softer. It's almost like having a new guitar.During the stringing/stretching process I broke the G string (go easy, they are silk after all) and so had to use a standard bronze replacement. I asked my non-music oriented girlfriend if she could pick out the 'oddball' string and she got it right on the first try.. that's how much of a difference these strings make. They sound less 'metallic' - that may sound obvious but my point is that it's a big difference, enough for her untrained ears to hear.I'm still saving up for a classical, but I really love these strings, and will be using them on my Tak going forward."
These strings are so soft to the touch that they almost feel like \"flat-wound\" acoustic guitar strings. When you uncoil them out of the wrapper they don't spring out like most other strings but sort of flop out like a string string instead of a wire wrapped in wire. They sound wonderful but I swear the feel easier to play and I was doing things with them I usually am pretty clumsy at with my mitts. They won't last as long as coateds of course but they have a depth and a character all their own worth checking out and you may find, like me, that it's worth going back to changing them out every few weeks to get the fresh sound. If you're really an acoustic guitar aficionado, you'll want to try these. The almost play themselves IMO. And that makes me want to play twice as long."
Pack of 10 guitar picks - check\"Meet the Beatles\" theme - checkRetail packaging - checkTwo-day delivery (got it the next day... thanks to Prime) - checkHappy guitarist - checkI can't really complain about anything, except maybe for the price.  But then again, I didn't HAVE TO buy these.  They are fun and kitschy.  5-stars."
This was a gift for a friend who is a Beatles fan. I bought him two different types he he liked them both. These will not be used much."
I just got these to collect not to use to play with. They look good and anyway planet waves has good stuff."
For some reason these picks have a better feel, flexibility and grip than any I have found in a long time. They aren't that expensive (especially as an add-on) and they're relly cool."
i'd say these are a pretty neat thing to have in your pick collection. i don't use them all too often because they're a bit too stiff though."
If you use a medium pick for playing these are really cool picks to play with and about the same price as a fender or dunlop medium pick.  For a Beatles collector what a great price for a neat Beatles product.  Even the packaging it cool.If you need picks for playing or a neat Beatles product to collect you won't be dissipointed with this purchase.Excellent product from a fantastic seller."
I JUST RECEIVED MY 10 PACK PLANET WAVES BEATLE COLLECTORS PICK, GRAPHICS ARE GREAT, IT'S A GREAT LITTLE COLLECTION, ONLY THING THAT I DIDN'T LIKE WAS THAT YOU DIDN'T GET 15 SEPARATE ONES, THEY ARE ALL DUPLICATES, SO BESIDES THAT THEY ARE GREAT"
This is my first noise reducer. It works and like it says it reduces the noise. it comes with 2 knobs and 1 switch. The switch let you choose if you want it to reduce the noise when is activated or to mute everything when activated. The 2 knobs, 1 of them let you select the range of the noise you want to reduce, the other one how fast you want it to start reducing the noise. I noticed a slight change of the original sound of my distortion, but it could be also because i didn't find the right setup. if the knob of the noise to reduce is on the highest setting, then it reduce also the sound of the all guitar, so you really gotta study this before you can use it properl
I have several Behringer pedals, all placed in a Behringer 6-pedal board. Most of the B. pedals work quite well. I have no quality issues with them. Some people complain about the plastic cases, but they are tough and reliable unless you're in the habit of abusing your pedals by smashing them around or can't control your &#34;stomp&#34; pressure. Some are better than others, and this one works perfectly. I have 6 B. pedals (one of them is a tuner), and each seems to add some noise to the amp output, especially when it is in quiescent mode (no signal input).This pedal, placed at the end of the line just before the signal goes into the amp, quiets all that noise that the other pedals generate. I had to check this, because I at first thought my amp was making the noise, but when I bypassed all the pedals, my amp was quiet, which was a relief. Then I needed relief from the pedal noise, and this did the trick.The controls are a little misleading, but easy to get used to and adjust. The &#34;send-receive&#34; function is for quieting the noise you send to an additional effects pedal, which seems pointless, as the best way to use this is to put it at the end of the chain to quiet all the effects.The mute function may help, but when I turn on my pedal tuner, this also functions as a mute.I had to do a little modification of the B. pedal board to make this fit in, as I already had 6 pedals in place. But, with the removal of a couple of screws, it fit into a slot meant for a longer pedal.I don't actually need the on-off function on this most of the time, so placing it in that sideways, out of the way spot was no disadvantage. I just leave it on all the time so it always quiets the noise when I'm not actually playing. However, I can still operate it if necessary, for example for the mute function if I needed that.It's aggravating to have to have a pedal to eliminate noise from other pedals, but at least there is an easy solution in a noise gate like this one."
I wanted a noise reducer because I have like 10 pedals and the loud feedback I was getting back through them was insane. I got this one because it wa cheaper and basically thinking why not? It's like $25. It was a great choice. The pedal stops nearly all unwanted feedback and doesn't alter your tone. It does take some time to figure it out but after that its golden. It's great."
wow, simply good. for the price u can not get a better deal, it does the job perfectly. i have 4 of these so far, will get more if needed."
- it's simple to operate- it does what it's made to do- it does that very well- it's bargaintasticIf you know what a noise gate is supposed to do and you think you might need one, then I highly recommend this unit.I'm about to get a second one and put all my distortion-creating devices in the loop (other Behringer units, Rat, Big Muff, etc etc). The one I already have can stay at the end of my signal chain, just before the delays. Pretty much a must-have for recording, especially during those quiet spots :-) Thanks to this unit I have a very quiet recording setup."
Cleans up the hum, going in to effects pedals , some pedals make noise, some don't as much with this it cleans them all.Behringer all the way, you can keep your expensive boss pedals."
I think this is my fifth Behringer pedal. Admittedly I haven't had the time to try this one out. But based on my others, I'd say this will do everything the pedals that cost double or more can do!"
this  noise reducer pedal  gets probably 90-95% noise off, using heavy-noisy distortion pedals & has an amazing value.100% recommended !!!!"
When it comes to noise gates, this definitely does the trick. It had a noise-detection sensor, so it knows when you are playing guitar or not, and will turn itself on and off automatically. This means that while you're not playing, it'll block that annoying static sound your guitar and pedals make - and when you start playing, it'll lower itself so that it doesn't effect the noise of the guitar. It'll sound the same. I would defeinitely recommend. Plus Behringer is the best brand for pedals."
IT does the job as described it though. I have no complains and the cheap price was a plus for me."
I have a strat running into a crate amp with a tub preamp and it picked up noise like mad.  this pedal is like an automatic volume knob that turns down the input if there isn't a signal from the guitar.  takes a little playing with it to get it dialed in, but now I just keep it on all of the time."
this is a nice little pedal. It effectively quiets all my other pedals. Works as advertised. Not much else to say. Get one!"
great pedall for the money it makes ur pedalls real quaiet,, it does what its soupose to.. german mind great electronics, well made but plastic,"
It cuts down the buzz left by the other pedals, for that price it's pretty good, not badly built either."
If the hiss from your distortion and compression pedals irritates you, this is worth the money. Contrary to the name, it is a noise gate rather than a noise reducer. It does not filter out noise, but rather stops the signal to the amp entirely when the sound from the instrument reaches a predetermined minimum. If you are playing with humbuckers, your only problem will be pedal hiss and you will never hear it again. If you are playing on single coils, the hum while you play is so minimally noticeable that this is still worthwhile. Whether you're gigging and don't want to sound like an amateur or you're practicing in headphones at 4am, this will make your playing sound a little better, and you can't complain about that."
This baby does what it says it does at a very reasonable price. One does have to find the cable loops that one needs to eliminate humming & noise, for one doesn't know which in or output is actually making the interference but, once you've established that, it's all good baby!!!"
I'm not a big fan of pedals at all, I much prefer multi effects but, that being say this is a great cheap pedal. Does what it should just like the noise gate in my rack."
I've used this live since I got it and it works great, no problems. Its made of plastic but that doesn't effect anything, its pretty tough. It has two modes, noise reduction which clips the noise and silences it when the note fades out, and mute which lets you mute with the stomp switch. I use the mute mode live to silence my bass in between sets but I have also used the reduction mode when my pickups were noisy. Both modes work great and there is a sensitivity knob to dial in the right clipping. Full on it will clip the notes hard and sometimes register quieter notes as noise and clip them all together, less and its more subtle. Great value and a great tool."
I gave this product 5 stars , simply because it did exactly what I bought it to do - reduce unwanted noise to my amp. You will have to play with the controls to get the exact settings where its not clipping your sustained notes off before you want it to. It doesn't cut noise while your playing , but when your not it comes on a kills the noise. There are two lights on the pedal, one for the on and off and the other comes on when the pedal is working and reducing noise. If you have it set to high or to sensitive , it will not recognize the end of your sustained note and noise . So play with it and find your personal setting because I'm sure every guitar and pedal board are unique in the sounds that start with your guitar and go through your pedal chain and out your amp. The NR300 works and as soon as you understand how it will do the best job for you , you will be happy with it. Oh, and if you switch it to Mute, it works as an on and off switch.. You also can not beat the price----"
havent used it yet.. seems like a nice pedal .. nice an lightweight... clean..has some nice rubber on the bottom.. lol haha okaaaaaay?"
I read mixed reviews of this pedal board, but I had tried half a dozen multi effects pedals and modeling processors and pedals with limitless combinations all in one. However, I found all of those too difficult to adjust to my needs, or too cumbersome to flip through all the channels to get to the sound I wanted and then modify it. What I wanted was four or five single effects pedals that I could preset to the value I usually use and then turn on each effect as needed, giving me lots of combinations. I had a couple of Boss pedals and one Behringer one and I ordered a couple more of the inexpensive Behringer units, which I'm generally pleased with, though they're perhaps not in the elite category. They work fine for me. I didn't want 5 or 6 units cluttering up the space and each demanding its own wall wart.This compact board with its built in case and cord management was the perfect solution for me. Instead of the Velcro found on many boards, this has foam cutouts which hold the B and B pedals securely and give enough room for the connectors and daisy chain power supply to stay tangle free. It all plugs in with one adapter (provided) and it also comes with all the short connectors to connect each pedal together.My pedals are  incredibly easy to use and extremely well organized now. The case holds them securely and the lid fits on and holds everything in place for transport. Everything is ready to play by just removing the lid and plugging into the outlet.The latches are not the most secure, just a simple plastic slide that looks like it could easily break. However, there are matching holes right next to them so a small lock or even a twist tie could be inserted if the latch does malfunction.Overall, I'm extremely satisfied. If you're doing something similar to me, I'm sure you will be too. The foam cutouts can be manipulated for other sizes of pedals. I have exactly enough to fill it, with the addition of a dedicated tuner that mutes everything while I tune."
I already had two Behringer stompboxes, and am thinking of adding a few more, so I thought rather than having a mess on the stage, I'd get a pedalboard.  I hadn't really studied them too much, except to note that they all seemed to be way more money than they were worth.  Then, recently I found this one for less than a hundred bucks, so I really couldn't pass it up.  I am very impressed with this unit.  It is well made, well designed, and comes with all sorts of cords and accessories.  Nothing is lacking to start playing right away.  I'm not sure how easy other brands stompboxes will fit into this board (you may need to trim the foam that holds them in a little bit), but I think the board should be pretty universal for whatever you have.  I am not disappointed in the least.  I think you will like this board."
If you've never had a pedalboard before I'd say pass on this one and look for one that is more user-friendly.  The pics and description don't show just how insanely large this is.  It's too big.  Patch cables are crap and the power supply didn't seem sturdy enough to be kicked around.Besides this, I had trouble using it (even for practice) because the lip of the case gets in the way of my foot hitting the pedals.I ended up giving this one away to a friend and getting a Gator 'bone' and a seperate power supply.  Easier to practice with and easier to toss into another case with mics/cables rather than being a whole suitcase on it's own."
This is a very good investment. Everything just sits in this case  so I never have to set up any cables again. All I do is setup the input from guitar to the case, from the case to the amp, and let's not forget the power cable. It works amazing and saves plenty of time. I've also seen reviews that it's VERY druable, so you don't have to worry about it breaking easily. I love the fact that you can hide the wires and also convert the storage bay into space for larger pedals (such as wah or volume). The only concern by some people was a slight buzzing. I replaced the power cable that came with it with one of the power cables that came with one of my pedals, and the sound went away. I would recomment this to anyone who travels alot, doesn't have a lot of space in their room, or someone who just likes things neat and compact all the time. This item is VERY convienent!"
I got this to eliminate all of the cords that powered the effects units as well as get something to house everything securely.  This board does the job for at least 6 pedals.  The Behringer pedals fit nicely into the foam slots and so far have not moved around during play. What I have to get used to is that the pedals are no longer against the floor, meaning that I not have to lift my foot higher to get over the boards edge to press them.  It should just take some getting used too.  One concern is that the linked power cables don't have anyplace to disappear into. I will be working on this. What I am not happy about is that the board is ALWAYS ON when plugged in.  The only way to shut off the power is to unplug it.  I wish it had a power switch."
Nice thumbpicks for banjo. They are size large, so if you generally have a very large hand they will be tight on you. I have a larger hand and they work well, but they are about a micrometer away from being too snug. But I like them a lot. Would also work fine with acoustic guitar picking if that's whay you're into (though I always preferred acoustic picking without a thumbpick)."
I really like this thumb pick  The only thing I dispute is that this may be a large (for a girl) but NO WAY is it a large for a man.  I think a guy may have a problem wearing this comfortably.  So, Ladies!  This is a good purchase...not so much for a guy."
Others that reviewed this Item I read before purchase, noted it is not &#34;Large&#34; and the picks have to be warmed and shaped to fit your thumb. I also found in original &#34;Large&#34; size, The curve of the pick will cut into your thumb from improper shaping and being too small for the average American man. I am still in the process of shaping all 5, but otherwise they appear sturdy and I haven't broken more than one of similar type in several years. I expect the pick to wear down from use. They appear to be about the same quality as Indigo brand, but not shaped as well for the average player."
These are fine but didn't fit well; but they are a quality product. In my case, I actually needed medium or small to fit tight."
I've used thumb picks for over forty years on a variety of acoustic guitars.  My thumb nail can't pluck the strings when I damp them with the heel of my hand.  These are adequate in the sense that you can strike the strings with them and they stay on.  They have a dullish sound compared to my favorite, the long gone National clear thumb pick or the current Dunlop clear.  I like the sound of the Ernie Ball thin celluloid picks but they aren't strong enough to grip my thumb.  The major problem with these is they aren't large.  They're like most other brands' medium.  My thumbs aren't Tom Robbins huge, but my hands are bigger than average.  These picks cut off the circulation in my thumb if I use them for more than fifteen minutes or so.  I think I could brighten up the sound by sanding them down, but that's a lot of work for something this cheap.Don't buy these if you have a large thumb.  If you like a less bright sound, and some people do, and have a medium sized thumb, these might work well for you."
I like these, nice tortoise look with planet wave logo is nice, they have more flex than most which I also find suits me.They ride a little higher for me, which I also like, but if you like low, let's say midway across cuticle, may find a bit pinchy?  But I find the gauge suits me great a
I have an unusually wide and fat thumb, and though tight at first, all of them got comfortable after an hour of playing (each). No complaints"
Ordered these large picks and like others mentioned, they are not large at all. I have average size hands and thumbs and the pick initially numbed my thumb in about twenty seconds it was so tight. I solved the problem by simply holding a Bic lighter flame about a half inch away from the heel of the pick for just about three seconds. I could feel the celluloid loosen up quickly. It was just a matter of pulling the pick open just a bit. It's actually easy to completely customize the size and shape of the picks with just a few seconds of heat. The picks fit fine now, and I didn't even need to place &#34;foreign&#34; objects into the microwave to do it.Any questions just feel free to ask and I will answer best I can. Thanks.SPO"
they are nice sometimes but not as comfortable the rest of the time. they are cheap and do exactly what they are supposed to do."
I did get 5 thumb picks in my order (a previous reviewer mentioned only getting 4), and I always really liked the classic turtle-shell look (far more purty-like than the plain, thick white of Nationals and others).  But these are large? And, yes, I double checked the packaging to ensure I was shipped large. The National mediums I was using before had a looser fit -boggle-.  But nevertheless, the Planet Waves' far tighter fit actually feel better than the National mediums, which certainly had a clunky sensation; there is probably a small weight difference between the two that would explain t
V5 = 4 starBugera customer service = -5 starsLets be realistic, this is a very inexpensive tube amp. Nothing more, nothing less.Its price reflects exactly what it is, and thats a good thing, and also not so good.First off, the amp shipped with bad tubes. (microphonic)Not a big deal, it happens all the time. But ...Bugera was no help at all, their customer service is by far the worst Ive ever dealt with.They are clueless, arrogant and condescending.I bought replacement tubes and solved the issue, but thats not the point.This experience alone will probably stop me from ever purchasing another Bugera/Behringer product.Now about the amp itself.Its ok, at best. It has no headroom, even on the 5w setting. I realize a tiny combo wont have much, but this thing has nothing.It clips far too easily, and forget about running an overdrive pedal into it. You will only get a muddy, garbled mess.Clean tones are ok, but dont expect Fender type cleans, they arent there.Think of Marshall cleans, or even Vox.The speaker isnt worth the paper its made from.I plugged the amp into a Celestion 1x12 cab (just for comparison) and it was a whole lot better.Its built very well, even compared to many amps costing far more. If youre looking for a \"vintage\" tube amp, but either cant afford or cant justify the price of a good one, you should try a V5.Im the latter, because I only play at home I simply cant justify $1K or more for a good tube amp.The classic overdrive sound of the 70s is all over this amp. If youre looking for a late 60s - 70s \"cranked\" amp stack tone, well, its here. But only if you crank the master and keep the preamp set low.Turn up the preamp and all you'll get is a flat, flubby \"farty\" unusable tone.I love and hate the V5, though the price is unbeatable, its shortcomings (no headroom/horrid overdrive) are hard to live with.You sometimes what you pay for, and in this case, if you want that vintage 70s tone at \"bedroom\" volumes, you cant go wrong with the V5."
I should start by saying that I did not buy this from Amazon. Not that it's a bad price, but I got a discount on an open box demo unit at a local Guitar Center for $179.00. I've seen them cheaper for used ones, but I wanted a new one with a warranty.I am using this amp for an electric violin and for an acoustic violin with a pickup. I wanted the cleanest sound, with bare bones controls and that's what this little champ provides. Most of the time, I use it with the Gain on 1 or 2 and the Volume past 5.It's very cool that it has 5w, 1w, and .1w settings. I haven't seen that in any amp in this price range. The 1w setting is perfect for my studio, and the .1w setting is great for using with the headphones jack. The 5w setting can really crank out the volume.You could spend about $100 more and get a Vox AC4 series all tube amp. That's another amp I was considering. I wanted something not too big and portable, but could use at home without shredding the walls. But the Vox doesn't even have Reverb like the Bugera which has only a single pre-amp tube. And the Vox is 4w, while the Bugera boasts 5w.I know if I plugged an electric guitar in and cranked the gain I could get some lovely distortion, because I've tried that with the violin. The digital reverb has a spacious feel. I love reverb and wouldn't buy an amp without it.It seems to be built well and only time will tell if it holds up under daily use, which I plan to do. When it comes time to change the tube, there are many choices for a nice upgrade to something better than the stock Bugera tube. I've even read online where people drop in a different speaker, but in my opinion the Bugera 8\" speaker is just fine and sounds like a bigger one.All in all, I'm very pleased. I also tried the Bugera V22 all tube amp at the same Guitar Center. But, that's way too much amp for me at this time. If I were to fill a large hall with sound, that would be the way to go. The V22 is sweet. I had never heard of Bugera until I tried that model and was really impressed. Another option is to unplug the speaker in the V5, (yes, the speaker has a plug and a jack!) and drive another speaker cabinet, which Bugera also makes. You can use any speaker cabinet, I guess, that has a minimum of 4 OHMS, which is clearly written near the jack.The Bugera V5 is perfect for me, and I wouldn't go down to the smaller Bugera BC15. I think Bugera has hit the nail on the head with quality and value, and I'll be looking into other products made by Bugera/Behringer/Music Group. The seem to be all the same company."
This little amp gives a warm and gritty sound. Arrived in days and free ship (heavy little bugger). Small footprint allows me to place in my studio and get that deep sound like a big tube amp. Use a Shure mike at 2 feet and the sound is amazing. Recommend this amp for a small space or miked in small venue. Really happy with sound."
This amp really surprized me. It's made in china but it appears to be well madeand looks great. There is a headphone jack which is why I bought it.I would suggest useing a overdrive or distortion pedal. gain here isnt great reverb isnt great ether. But over all this amp is a most welcome deal. No transistor amp I own sounds as good. but I would suggest pedals"
This is a great little amp especially for the money. It's all tube, has a power attenuator, headphone out and reverb all for under $200 - CRAZY!! It's built extremely well and has some weight to it, but you'd have no problem carrying it to a small gig. A 5 watt tube amp is still quite LOUD, so the attenuator is a god-send.How does it sound you ask? Tone is subjective, but to my ears it can get quite \"Marshally\" without a lot of work with a Les Paul as well as a Tele. I don't own a Strat, so I can't comment on single coils through it. On the 1 watt setting with the volume pinned and the gain on about 5 I had a damn good \"Back In Black\" style hard rock tone. If you want to play Metal you're going to need a distortion/overdrive pedal. I've found that if you pin the gain it can get a bit boxy and fizzy. The headphone out isn't great, it's good enough for practice, but don't try to use it as a line out for recording.I've done some recording using a 57 on-axis about an inch from the speaker grill slightly right of center. When stacking 3-4 tracks (especially using different guitars) I got a HUGE, Plexi like tone without it getting muddy or fuzzy.I haven't swapped tubes or the speaker - it's completely stock. I might try putting a Jensen speaker in it, but the stock tone is just fine as it is. The stock speaker is an 8\" Bugera \"vintage\" (think greenback clone) and it is darker than a lot of small speakers. A lot of guys are swapping out the tubes for JJ's or GT's, but it all depends on what you're after for tone.A lot of guitar snobs are afraid of the Beringer name on it (Bugera is made by Beringer), but I found this amp to be very good quality - especially given that it was made in China.I would recommend this amp if you are looking for good tube tone on the cheap. It's an excellent platform for mods if you are the tweaking type. I was able to get great Marshall like tone out of it quite easily. Good stuff!!"
I'd give this baby six stars if I could. My prior practice amp (a Vox) was very nice, but finally went south and required replacement. I was looking for something with a great tube sound, as most of the solid-state amps that I've used (mainly fenders and line6 stuff) just don't get there. I was actually looking at the Fender Blues Junior and headed to my local GC to check 'em out and listen side-by-side. The first time I plugged a Strat into this guy in the store, I was blown away (and that was with all of the Jimmy Page wannabes cranking different amps all over the store). I've gotta say, part of me was hoping to rationalize the extra buck for a Blues Junior, but the Bugera actually sounded better. The only one left in the store was the floor model, so I grabbed it.Got it home and cranked it up and here are my observations:- It's solid and heavy. It's still a small-fry (slightly bigger than most 15w amps out there), but much heavier.- The construction is great. I think I read some reviews that knocked the construction, but from the handle to the floor everything looks like it's built to last.- The sound is even better at home (without the GC cacophony)- Adjustments are minimal, but enough. The tone adjustment basically takes the tone from fat to sharp. I've run my Strat, Tele and Taylor T5 through this. I think the hard bodies get the best blues tone, but I can get a really nice clean tone from my T5- The headphones sound great. I was really surprised by this. I would have thought you needed the speaker to get that great fat tube tone, but sounds awesome through a pair of good headphones- The price is self-explanatory, but that's really the part that blew me away. This amp would sell for double the price tag."
Once I read about the Bugera B5, I knew I wanted one.  Why futz with tube-like effects when you can have real, live tubes -- two in fact!  Only five Watts, yes, but that's still enough to fill a room.  But it's the extras that cinch the deal: this is built like a brick house -- you can jump up and down on it if you want to.  It has an internal cable for the speaker, so you can easily plug in a different cabinet.  Comes with built-in reverb.  Headphone jack standard.  Best of all: an attenuator, so you can get the cranked sound even at low volume levels.  Easily upgradeable -- I put new tubes and speaker into mine, though I probably didn't have to.  A small but effective little amp.Edit: I had modded my Bugera with a Jensen MOD-8 and used it for bass, but recently I found a source for Celestion Super 8 drivers and popped one of those in.  Amazing low-end output for such a small cab!"
I admit I got this from Guitar Center on clearance, but over the past week or so I've had it, I just love plugging into it. I've got a great vintage larger amp, but would rather not lug it around for just small practice sessions, and I'm anticipating spending some time in apartment living, so I was looking for a small, tube-based amp. This thing gives great tone with both a Strat and a Les Paul clone, and an overdrive pedal works very well with it. Of course it's not too loud - that's the whole point! I should note that turned on it has a hum that my other amps don't have, but it's really low volume. Also, the tubes do take a minutes to warm up, and since it doesn't have a standby switch, you just have to turn down the volume knob before plugging in. But it just is great stuff to plug into something with solid tone without having to burn my ears (or those of anyone else). Great little amp."
This is a highly feature-full amp at this price point. I can get great clean, blues and heavy metal tones. Like most Line 6 products, some features are not highly apparent. For example, for extra gain, you can hold down the tuner button and turn the gain knob past 12 o'clock for a boost. This may not sound like much, but it really CAN change the tone, even on clean channels. On the crunch channel, for example, it gives the guitar an almost fuzz face overdriven sound (with my Strat). On the metal channels, it really drives the gain over the top.The tuner seems to work well enough and the included effects are OK. I decided to go with the cheaper FBV2 pedal (which is still over 1/3 the price of this amp!) and it really works well for home practice situations. One can switch between clean and metal, or clean and blues without too much trouble (one click). I think the pedals are too expensive personally, but they are well constructed solid steel and seem very durable. The cable is a simple cat 5 network cable I believe, so replacing should be trivial.I live in an apartment and this little 15-watt amp is WAY too loud to turn up past 1 or 2. It has a great tone balance (to my ears). It has corner protectors where even their flagship amp doesn't! Overall I recommend this amp to anyone looking for a cheaper home practice amp."
After registering the amp online (or by mail) you have access to 500+ backing tunes,with either drums or drums and bassline. You are able to select from different genres such as Rock, Blues, Country, Alternative and more. Along with this great feature, you can also take free lessons, from beginner to advanced. You can even get custom settings, giving you the sound of such great bands as Green Day, The Beatles, Led Zeppelin and many more. Along with lessons, tabs, and the ability to loop any Jam Track, Spider Online adds more than even I immagined to this awesome amp!! If you're still hesitant about buying this or any other Spider amp, just buy it. I personally guarantee your satisfaction...BUY IT!! (no seriously, are you buying it??)"
Never has 15 watts sounded so loud and clear. Never think it only hadan 8 inch speaker. Just enough effects to leave your pedals at home for practices.Light weight easy to carry."
I just bought this amp for my Epiphone Goth Studio guitar, I've got it this weekend and I'm very satisfied with this product. I'm not a proffessional but this amp is really good for the price you pay as it comes with so many functions, with complete add-ons on th webpage. Solid, nice sound, very good quality to make anyone happy, except your neighbors.Now after a couple of months I want to say... this is great product in terms of sound, not so great in terms of small building detailsGreat for Blues style, just use it with clean and good reverb or crunch  and you will get amazing blues sounds.My only con and that's why I have reduced it to 4 stars is the fact that one of the corners protectors came broken and also, the Phones are not working. Better quality control at the plant can avoid this things to happen. I wrote to Line6 and I got useless answers about."
this amp really shines in the distortion modes, I don;t really care for the clean sounds but the metal tones are as good as I've ever heard out of a low cost amp. I wish I had found this amp sooner. It blows the other brands away"
I've had this amp about a week now and I'm still finding cool things about it. The first thing I did was went through all the presets. I didn't like the clean channel,( it wasn't really clean) but I quickly found out how to set it like i wanted it (press the clean button then turn all the preset effects to 0 and then hold down on the clean button about three seconds until the lights blink and now it's really clean. You can also do this with all the other channels too! just set every thing like you want it and hold down the button on the channel you want and there it is. and don't worry, you can always reset it back to factory settings and start over. It's a small amp but it's bigger than I thought it would be. But the sound that comes out of that 8&#34; speaker is BIG!. I have been playing for about 30 years, and I know I could use this amp in a small club without running it into the PA. If you do need a little more volume, it has a line out so you can run it to the PA and have all the volume you want. I would buy this amp again if mine was stolen. Makes a great practice room amp. You can take it without all your pedals and still have all the effects you would need. For the price it's a bargain!"
A good modeling amp. My only complaint is I didn't like the clean sounds not to my liking. Other than that an awesome amp."
I bought this amp back when i didnt know much about amps. If you want the metal sound for practice, then it is hard to get a better amp for one bill. But with the hybrid amps (Vibro Champ) going for not much more, you get better sounds and more settings. I am selling mine and ordered a Super Champ Xd used in new condition for two and a half bills. This Line 6 amp has a flat sterile sound that isnt very warm sounding. From now on its tube amps for me, even if i have to pay the price. A good tube amp should last a long time and hold its value well, too. Like i said, for a first amp at one bill, the Line 6 isnt too bad. Maybe some day i will be able to afford a Princeton Reverb?"
I've had the amp for 2 months or so now and love it. It's choice of effects is thorough for a beginner like me. I don't have the greatest guitar ever but the sounds from the amp are clean and crisp. The choice of effects is nice with reverb, tremolo, delay, among other less-useful effects. The auxillary jack is also a great addition. The amp looks nice with the chrome knobs and is very simple to use."
This little amp is awesome, I once had a Peavey Bandit 112 back in the day, and this little guy can do all it could do, it just doesn't get as loud, but at least you won't have to worry about someone calling the cops on you for being too loud, but is gets just loud enough, so be careful."
Hundreds of sounds to choose from.Tones, bands, specific songs, sounds.Built in tunerManually adjust Tone, drive, bass mid treble, gain pitch, chorus phaser tremolo, Tape echo sweep echo delay, reverb and master volumeMp3 inHeadphone / line outLoop recordingVery versatile and very fun.Twang to Slayer in a flip of a preset."
This amp is non stop fun.  Has so many features.. I head to the 90s and it has all the sounds i like for that decade..it sounds great at low volume and has some amazing models that sounds like the real thing."
I got this amp recently, at a local store, and so far im loving it, i also aqcuired the MKII Foot Controller and is a perfect combination. Tons of sounds and it can be 100% edited to fit your demands. Nice volume coming out of it also, for 75 watts it seems more.Recommended"
I've been playing rock and blues for over 40 years. I've owned a number of amps over the years including a 1960s Ampeg 40 Watt combo, and a pre-CBS 100 watt Fender Showman, and my latest, a Crate 5212 50 Watt tube amp that I bought about 10 years ago.  I also have a small Peavy 50 Watt solid state combo.  The Crate has always sounded great, and it's what I use exclusively in my basement studio, but it  weighs a ton and the clean channel has always had a habit of fading in and out (despite numerous repair attempts), so I've been using the Peavy when I play out.  The last time I did, I was really unsatisfied with the sound and decided to look for something else.  I own a Line6 pocket Pod and love it so I looked into the Line6 amps.When I found that I could get a 75 Watt modeling amp with a looper and a more presets than I could go through in a lifetime for less than $300, I ordered one from Amazon, sight unseen and unheard.  Out of the box I was amazed at just about everything.  The clean amp models are crisp and clear, the dirty ones thick and rich.  The effects that I have played around with so far are amazing, and I cannot detect any difference between them and my digital delay, phaser and overdrive pedals that cost about the same as the whole Spider IV 75. And the thing is loud!  Very loud.  As I get more experience with the amp, I'm sure that I'm going to want to tweak the built in presets to my taste, but even right out of the box the sound is pretty awesome.I'm sure that a lot of pro purists out there would laugh at the idea of a 75 Watt solid state combo with 1 12\" speaker as their main amp, and if you've got $1800 to spend and a roadie, I guess they'd be right. But for the money, the sound, the size and the very light weight (36 lbs) alone make this a fabulous deal. Add in the modeling and the effects (high quality individual floor pedals or rack devices to replicate these effects could cost thousands of dollars just by themselves), and compared to my $750 Crate VC5212, at $300 the Spider IV 75 seems like an almost impossibly large gain 
I don't gig. It is unlikely that I will ever play in front of a crowd. But if you're like me, play as a hobby and like to fart around with various sounds and genres, this amp is a blast. It is very likely that I will play a Johnny Cash song on Tuesday and a Metallica song on Wednesday. Pretty much just make sure your guitar is in tune and dial up the sound. No pedals, no hours of minor tweaks, just punch it up and learn the song. Virtually every genre is represented here. I also have to mention that although I like metal, I rarely play it. I prefer traditional R'n'R sounds and the Spider IV recreates tons of my favorites in addition to the high gain ultra noisey sounds. Even with the best modeling in the world, my Les Paul does not sound like a Strat being played through 65' Fender. It sounds digital. No getting around it.Something else that weighed into my purchase was durability. Although I only play for fun, I still play 2-3 hours a day. My 9 year old also is learning to play, so it gets a lot of use and moves from game room to garage to bedroom daily. The one thing that was common in virtually all of the reviews of Line 6 amps was that they were long lasting and durable. I have a family member that is a professional musician and one of his band members gig with the larger 120 just becuase they can take such a beating.Ultimately I decided that for the price ($300 at the time), I couldn't beat the Line 6. There is just no comparing a tube amp with effect pedals against a solid state modeling amp. They sound better, more prefessional. They are also designed to be played loud to get the most out of the tubes. Although the Line 6 sounds tinny and at max volume, for in home play, it sounds terrific. There are mountains of reviews that compare the Line 6 to Vox, Marshall or Fender. They are ALL better than the Line6, every one of them. But be prepared to pay 10 times the price for effects pedals, head units, cabinets, cables, etc. to get those flawless professional sounds. Good amp, great value."
I had been looking for an amp for home practice and for live playing.  Ultimately, my search was narrowed down to this Spider and a Fender Mustang.  After reading many Amazon reviews, I ultimately chose the Spider over the Fender because (i) I read that the Fender amps gave off a hissing noise, particularly with the clean channels, and (ii) the Spider had better rock/metal tones, which is one genre I play, among others.  Regarding the sound, it is unbelievable!  And, to be quite honest, I've only been using the presets!  The cleans are ultra clear, and the rock tones are amazing.  And, this thing is LOUD.  In conducting some internet research, having a mega-watted amp is not necessary and is, in fact, not recommended.  I discovered that the reason for this is because the \"sweet spot\" for the volume is going to be when the amp is about three-quarters of the way up.  In home practice, unless you aren't married and live in the boonies, you won't get there.  With live play, this could hold it's own and in the sweet spot.  As another reviewer mentioned, if you need something louder because you're in a larger venue, the amp will be mic'd anyway.One note...Line 6 does somewhat force you to purchase one of the pedals because you need the pedal to update the amp.  I purchased theLine 6 FBV Express MkII 4-button Foot Controller, and I'm very happy with it.  I like the larger foot pedal switches on this 4-pedal switch, rather than the small buttons on the model up from that (a 6 button pedal board).Finally, I chose this Spider IV over the Spider IV 120 amp version, in part, because this Spider has a larger speaker (a 12\") and the other Spider IV 120 watt model has two 10\" speakers.  I feel that the larger speaker provides better lower tones."
I started two years ago with a 15 watt Spider III, then along with other amps, bought a Spider Jam. I thought they were all great.  Now they come out with Spider IV, and the difference in the sound is dramatic.  They are getting very, very close to tube sound.  So much so that for the lousy $299, compared to say $1000+ for 75 watts of tube, this is a real steal.Loaded with features, and hundreds of presets, it has something for everyone. The Pitch Shifter and 18 available manual settings just add to the fun. And it will work with either generation of FBV pedalboard. Says so right in the manual. The only difference I see is with the generation II pedal you get a USB port.Does it sound as creamy and smooth as my Peavey Delta Blues or Crate Palomino tube units?  No, there is still a little digital overlay around in there.  But most people who are looking for a great home based amp, or maybe a church or small gig amp, this is a WINNER and the price is just nuts.  Forget the Peavy Vyper, this is hands down much better and you don't have to sink another couple hundred in a pedal to get to all the presets like the Vyper."
Wow! This little amp packs tons of tone & sound. Hundreds of presets that are going to take some time to explore fully. The  clean channels are really clean & the dirty channels are just plain nasty. 75 watts is enough power to blow your socks off. Lots of bang for the buck here."
A modeling amp will literally model existing Amps, Artists, and Songs from different years.This amp does not have on board song or drum loops like the Spider Jam.If you are trying to get a specific sound of a band or musician or place in time, then this isyour amp.If you need a practice amp, go with the Jam.I have both amps and as far as I am concerned, the Jam is a far better modeling amp as it does what the Spider 4 does plus drum and song tracks that you can play along with plus a whole lot more, even if it is based on the Spider 3 technology with a JM4 Looper as its engine.While the Spider 4 (I have the 150) is a nice amp, it is VERY SPECIFIC to the user needs and isnot that flexible.I do not agree that both amps are worthless without the foot pedals, as I used the Jam for a longtime without, and only acquired the Express pedal when I ordered the Spider 4.Also be very aware that the Line 6 documentation on their amps is very, very lacking, to put it mildly, and there so-called on line videos and user groups are just as lacking as their documentation."
I own several tube amp combo and half-stack. However, I wanted a smaller, lighter combo that would be easy to transport and wouldn't need any pedals, but would also be loud enough to practice with a drummer. The line 6 spider IV 75-watt combo was the perfect solution. Up to this point I haven't been very impressed by solid-state technology. Sure, the cleans are glassy and crystal-clear, and some sound ok with the gain cranked and mids scooped at super low volume, but as soon as you turn up the volume a bit or try to dial in a smooth, bluesy overdrive, the sound turns to crap. Not so with the spider IV. I've been extremely impressed with all the different amp models. ALL of them. The different amp models each have their unique sound and characteristics, which means that your tonal options are literally limitless. I play mostly metal and hard rock, thougn I use less gain and more mids than is typical among players of the genre.I'd describe it as a hard rock tone with a vintage edge. And I was able to get that tone in less than a minute of fiddling. The tone in general is surprisingly warm and organic- very tube-like, which is a comparison that I don't make lightly. Additionally, the highs don't have that artificial \"tinny\" sound that so often occurs in solid-state. Solos and leads have more of the natural, smooth quality that tube amps are valued for.The effects are fun to play with, though I've never used many effects in my playing. I really like having multiple user pre-sets, so I can dial in the tones that I use the most and then switch between them at the press of a button. The artist pre-sets are cool; it's interesting to see Line 6's take on the sound of many popular bands and songs. Some are surprisingly good, like Cliffs of Dover, Master of Puppets, and Sunshine of Your Love, while others don't really sound like the artist, like Killswitch Engage.I'm also impressed with the quality of the celestion speaker that comes with the amp; it holds up pretty well even at higher volumes. The tone has continually improved as I've broken in the speaker.Just in conclusion, there's basically nothing this amp can't do at least fairly well. All the amp models actually sound good (can't say the same about my roland cube), and when you combine that with all the effects, tuner, mp3 connection, and user and song & artist presets, it's a winning combination. This will never be my main stage amp, but for practice purposes I couldn't be more pleased with the spider IV.*edited to add*: A few months later I bought the FBV express pedal board. It's a simple, affordable way to get more out of the amp by making channel switching easy and adding a volume/wah pedal. Especially if this is your main amp, I recommend getting a FBV pedal to go with it."
I got this little guy for my spider IV 15 for all the awesome features and it works flawlessly. Channel switching is a breeze, with almost no delay. The tuner works great as well, I tuned it on there then with my korg tuner and it matches up. The wah volume pedal is very useful too, vol is good for fade ins or fade outs. The amount of force needed to switch to wah is quite a bit, and seems like its a little too much force that's needed, but it works. And once you're switched over to the wah, don't expect to match up with Voodo Chile or Bulls On Parade. Its good, but doesn't really cut it if you want a great wah sound. Overall though it's a good buy for your line 6 amp."
I bought this to use with a Spider IV 75 Amp, so far it works perfect. Provides effect control, loop control, tuner control, also has volume/wah pedal that works great. You can plug it into the PC and customize everything.Recommended!"
The so called lower priced brother to the enormous Line 6 FBV Shortboard MKII pedal, while cut down still has a lot of the same features. Same quality build. Self powered when attached to my line 6 modeling amp (a real nice feature). One less power supply to hook up. Foot switches are easy to use. Built in tuner works great. The volume/wah pedal switching requires a little more effort than my old pedal but still does the job nicely with a firm forward press. Programming the pedal really allows you to fine tune four amp \"sounds\" and have them instantly available when you play (either at home or on stage)."
Before I purchased the FBV I scoured the web to see how it works with the POD HD Desktop, and even the advanced users guide leaves you thinking..Anyway, I lucked out and found a used one going cheap, and after some time figured out exactly what you can and cannot do with the POD HD desktop & FBV Express II combo.1. First, in the setup screen do NOT enable the FBV Express. Yes, I know this sounds dumb, but internet scouring shows there is a bug that this is a workaround for...2. Read the FBV Express users guide and calibrate the pedal.. there is no need to d/l the FBV software for this.Now.. In the POD setup screens you have the option to either have the ABCD buttons as ABCD, or to be FS5-FS8. This behavior is mimicked by the 4 switches on the FBV.So.. In ABCD mode you can:a) Select preset A, B, C or D from the group you are currently in.b) Insert a volume FX and use volume pedal...EXP2c) Insert another FX enabled by toe switch, and controlled by pedal as EXP1d) tap temp (by tapping the currently selected preset..ie the pedal that is lit)e) enable the tuner (press/hold the current selected preset pedal)f) you have some basic control of the looper, but CANNOT enable it.3/10/14 EDIT :Looper control is flawed. You can record and go to overdub, but you cannot record then play/stop the loop.. you can stop from overdub but not start the loop. seemingly an acknowledged and unfixed bugNice enough, but if you are like me, switching presets is way way less useful than switching FX blocks on & off. incidentally you can combine blocks such that one pedal (say) turns OD on, and delay & chorus both off, or turn one amp on and one off (channel switching).. YAY!! you cry, that sounds like me so its a NO to ABCD and mode FS5-FS8 it is for me!..SO yup in FS5-8 mode you can do that, you cana) enable/disable 4 sets of block(s) using the four pedalsb) use volume and expression options as above (ie like volume or wah, overdrive level, delay FB etc)c) basic control of looper BUT cannot enable itEDIT 3/19/14 looper control flawed as stated abovec) enable the tuner?...oh sod it. nope you can'td) tap tempo?.. nope not that either.So in summary, the Express is better than nothing, but certainly does not provide hands free operation of the desktop.. the shortboard is worth the extra, or if you are reading this before buying the pod.. get the HD500x instead."
This is an essential accessory for the excellent Line 6 Spider IV combo amps,  For more details, see my review of the Line 6 Spider IV 75 watt combo.  The FBV Express Mk II is the least expensive pedal to give one full control over all basic and essential amp features. This pedal should have been ( or be) included with the amp but it wasn't.  Anyway, if you are considering buying the amp (which is great), you really will want to have this pedal, even though it costs 33% of the price of the amp itself.With the FBV Express Mk II you can store the 4 amp channels, each of which has its own settings for model and all effects, as well as control the 14 second looping ability of the Spider IV.  The pedal also adds a volume/way pedal (the wah pedal is OK but not as full-throated as a Cry Baby or other stand-alone wah wahs).  Without the pedal, you will not be able to access looping and channel switching in real time while playing (which is the whole point of this thing) unless you have more than the standard compliment of 2 arms, equipped with one  hand each.The pedal also interfaces with a computer to allow deep editing and storing of all of the effects of the Line 6 Spider IV combos through a USB port.  This feature alone makes it a must-have for taking full advantage of the amp.J.M. Tepper"
This foot controller is wonderful switch between all four channels and the volume pedal wah pedal and built in tuner makes it the complete package for my line 6 amp!!!"
This thing works wonders. If you are anyone who performs live or just someone who happens to switch between channels alot I recommend. I hate having to let go of the guitar to switch channels, and this just is perfect for the job. The pedals are all easy to press and I love the volume/wah 2-in-1 pedal. I just use it as a volume, because I already have a wah pedal. The tuner works amazing as well. I also love the fact that it connects to your amp via RJ45 ethernet cable."
I use this on my spider iv 75 it works great I've had it for about 2 months and no issues."
I really like this foot controller because you don't have to reach to the amp all the time to change channels. I wish i had the big USB cable but i can't find it in Walmart. This paddle used to make this annoying clicking sound but it's gone now. Anyway, this thing is nice if you're too lazy to reach to the  amp to change channels. I think the product should have been around $70-80."
I used this on my recent stratocaster build and the gold looks awesome. It was easy to install and the finish was perfect."
I am proud to have this product. Fits my fender well looks amazing! Great quality in it also. I am pleased"
Been ;'golding up' an 88 Strat Plus that has seen better days. Wiith the gold pick guard, tuning pegs, and jack plate - it looks like a custom shop job. This finished my hard work and I am delighted with the appearance. The goods are up to scratch and fit properly. Good service, product, packing and delivery time. Recommend them."
When you are upgrading your Fender to a gold package nothing completes the upgrade like a gold Fender jack plate."
I've had it on my strat for a couple of weeks now and it is holding up quite nicely.  Color is good and as pictured and it doesn't seem to scratch easily.  Installed easily.... Only thing that was slightly upsetting is that I only received one screw.... They shorted me a gold screw... Luckily I had extra and this didn't bother me that much."
not so pleased with this, the seller is fine, no prob. there, its that this mic for my use is useless, it records tooo low, cant get enough volume from it"
I have used alot of different mics over the years to mic drums, and this Microphone is actually good enough for vocals and sounds decent through my mixer..  I would reccommend this to anyone that is on a budget and wants a good peice of sound equipment."
bought for my son to do game capture voice overs. the first day it was fine, if a bit sensitive, by the third day it was broken. cheap to buy, but cheaply made."
No problems with seller and product came quick. I wasnt expecting much from the mic. I mean c'mon what can you expect for that price. I wanted it to lay down some quick vocal melodies over rough tracks and it's good enough for that. Doesn't have a really great range, I think the RockBand mic has a better range than this, but like I said, it's a cheap mic so what can you expect. Honestly I should have saved my money and been a little more patient to get a better mic."
This is a really nice microphone. It sounds really good and the worth far exceeds the minimal price. I would buy this again."
I'm surprised that the maker of Amazon's popular AT2020 would go this low.  The mic, imo, is fully-valued, even at its single-digit price.  It's \"dynamic\" rather than \"condenser,\" but it still requires loads of power to get it up to workable levels (phantom power, which is a requirement for condenser mics, would probably not add sufficient heft). It's very lightweight and, with its optional plug and on/off switch, is versatile enough.  The quality of the sound, moreover, isn't bad--providing you can hear it.  Be prepared to have plenty of watts on hand to coax any appreciable sensitivity from this non-responsive creature.  (I haven't tested it for recording purposes.)  Despite appearances, this mic is no bargain."
This tuner requies an excellent ear although there is a green light o indicte a true tune.It is good deal for the money"
It's about the size of a credit card, and half as thick as a deck of cards.  It's fairly light and the plastic feels a bit cheap but it does the job it's supposed to do.  You can either play the notes to the built in mic or connect it directly via a guitar cable.  It has a switch to change between Bass and Guitar, and it accounts for the extra strings on 5 string basses or 7 string guitars.It also has a button to tune it down lower (5 half steps) so you can do some alternate tunings too.Lastly it has a button for &#34;Sound&#34; so that it produces a tone for you to tune something to manually.  The display is very fine and kinda hard to read, but it has lights above the LCD screen to show if it's flat, in tune or sharp, so you can focus on that if you have trouble.It comes with 2 AAA batteries.  I have no idea how long they'll last yet but I have some rechargeable batteries for use in it later."
This product was recommended to me by one of the books I am reading, and I must admit I was scared to death when I opened the package. My guitar has a built in tuner, so I found my room mate's guitar that was totally out of tune and just began tuning. I remembered &#34;Eddie Ate Dynamite Good Bye Eddie&#34; and just tuned away. It was easy, easy, easy and I realized what to do within mere moments. Money very well spent and highly recommended. I have an acoustic/ electric and it has multiple settings. I found what I was comfortable with, and just tuned to standard. Could not be any happier! Get this product!!!"
I've had one of these for several years and it has proven to be cheap, durable, and reasonably accurate.  I own several different tuners and what I like about this one is that the microphone works well and is accurate for tuning an acoustic guitar.  Batteries last a long time if you turn the tuner off after you use it.  At ten dollars, I think it's a no-brainer.  It's the perfect size and price to throw one in every gig bag you own."
Purchased this Korg Guitar and Bass Tuner for our son who uses it to tune his acoustic and electric guitar. He says its easy to use and is durable. It has LED lights to follow as well as a meter to use. Excellent product...highly recommend."
I got this for Christmas last year ,as a beginner learning guitar ,this is a must have , works really good had mine for a year and it is still working and hadn't had to replace the battery's yet,, and I tune my guitar every time I play,  well worth it,, its so easy to use,"
In the beginning I had problems.  However I have a Classical Guitar and I may have been hitting dual strings accidently at first.  After several days, I felt much better about it.  I'm pretty new to this so I take the blame."
Korg GA1 Guitar and Bass Tuner is a very good and helpful tool to any guitar player.Buy it, you will never regret."
Unless you tune to only standard tunings this thing is garbage! I tune my hellraiser to d then drop to c and it will not register. the needle either flops around constantly or just does not display the proper notes."
I just recently started up learning guitar.This tuner has already paid for itself in checking that my guitar is in tune,great device!!!"
I use it every day at work, I use it in my guitar classes.. Easy to use and perfect size..."
Cheap, Accurate over mic, even better over jack. Slot for your pick or coin is a joke and so far hasn't fit a pick or coin i stuck in it but that's just a dumb gimmick. Great pocket tuner."
Well, i just got started playing guitar, and needed a tuner. This thing works well so far, but i didn't have the proper 1/4 inch connector yet to hook my guitar straight into the tuner, which i think would have made it work better. So i used the built-in microphone to tune my guitar. Had no problem with the first through fourth strings, but it had a very hard time picking up the much lower fifth and sixth strings. However, i found that the other strings were very well tuned when all was said and done, and i am happy with my purchase."
I don't know much about guitar tuners, but I am sure you can pay for a more expensive one, but this one does the job.  It was not hard to figure out how to use it, and the Fender is a happier guitar for it."
One of the best & accurate tuners that I have ever used. I have been playing guitar for 45 years & at this size & accuracy, you cannot beat this handy tuner. Fits in most guitar cases & is lightweight. A good tool to have for a guitar players bag of tricks."
Wow! This tuner is currently the absolute best value in my home studio. It gets used daily! If you know anybody who has even the slightest use for this, get it! They won't be disappointed unless they tune below drop D."
I saw this tuner in the local music store for $30 and decided to order it here for $11. Within 5 minutes I had my guitar tuned and it sounds perfect. I compared the plug in tuning to the microphone tuning and it was identical! I honestly expected some variance but it was dead on. I have never heard my guitar sound so good. I am super impressed with this little thing. If ever I need another one, this is the only one I will get."
EXCELLENT Guitar Stand. I use it to cradle my Electric Guitar, it works beautifully. Easy to to find my guitar when I want it and easy to rest it when I'm done. All you have to do is find a less traveled corner and the problem is solved. Before this Stand I used to have to hang the E-Guitar which is a risk because Electric guitars are heavy, and a pain in the neck because I had to lift and aim to hang which way too much effort after one is done playing for 2 or 3 hours."
I have at least 5 of these. I like the small footprint, plus it collapses for flat storage or transport. Holds acoustic or electric. Good quality, stable, economical. I have read that the foam padding can react with nitrocellulose lacquer and mar the instruments finish. I haven't seen that on my older stands, but to error on the side of caution, I have glued thin leather to the back and lower support of the stands. It is working fine. I bought the first about 10 years ago. It is still like new."
I was looking for a portable fold-up stand that I could take to gigs and searched around.  Found the Guardian at Amazon and thought for $10, how could I go wrong?  Oops! Wrong.  The stand is sturdy and folds up nicely, but I found it next to impossible to get my Fender Jazz bass to stand up in it.  The lack of an extended support for the neck means you have to try to balance the guitar very precisely against the apex of the stand and pray that no one gets near it or that the wind doesn't blow.  This is OK for a lightweight acoustic that you don't care too much about, but for for an electric guitar or bass, no way.I just ordered a different one with a tripod base and a neck support.  Live and learn."
Had one of these before but had given it away when I gave my old guitar away...wanted one again so found this one and bought it. Works well!"
I have an Epiphone Les Paul and this stand does not hold it at all.  The holders are too far apart to keep the guitar from sliding through onto the floor.  Maybe it's a decent stand for an acoustic or a fatter electric.  But given that Les Paul is a pretty popular model of guitar, this should not be sold as an electric guitar stand.  I'm rating it for what it is sold as, and for that, it gets 1 star, and only because since there is no zero."
I JUST BOUGHT A NEW GUITAR AND WILL BE BUYING ANOTHER ONE OF THESE.  THE PRICE IS GREAT AND IT WORKS!  VERY HAPPY WITH THIS STAND"
Simply the best picks ever for Bass.  Recommended by Eric Friedman on a post and Im glad I followed the recommendation.  Cost Twice as much as Tortex picks so I use these Dunlop picks for gigs and rehearsal and use the cheap-o picks for my finger exercises"
I love these picks.  They last a long, long time and are surprisingly easy to grip.  Currently my go to picks"
Nice grip. Sound articulate. Durable. Nice!!!!! I own HUNDREDS of picks and this is my new favorite. I bought 2 gauges. Both are going to be used for years."
These pick have a permanent, fine coat of rough finish over the translucent material. It wears off and smoothens out around the tip on usage but that does not affect the tone. In fact, I found it increases speed. These are perfect for a fast-paced style of picking. The tone is bright and snappy!Good quality material ensures I won't be needing another set for a long time!"
I really dig these.  I have been playing lead with them for a couple of weeks, and the worst thing is that when I drop them, they are impossible to find on my beige carpet.  The one I'm using has barely worn with at least 10 hours of playing on it.The size of the pick is the same as normal, it is just more tapered.  I tried to pick out stuff on the bass with it, but it was a little to much work as I dipped it too far into the strings, so I reverted back to a wider gator grip 1.14, which works better with the bigger strings. I am still searching for the world's perfect all-purpose pick. This works until then"
Nice pic's that work well when you are really jammin on a tune."
I like this product. The screen is big and easily read. The meter is responsive and lets you know via a the needle, the note (sharp or flat) and by the background color going green to red. It takes 2-3 seconds to 'hear' the string but then it locks right in for all notes, even the low E.  It's really easy to use and I'm really happy with it. Its so much better than my Korg CA-1.  The only suggestion for improvement would be another swivel. It takes a minute or two to figure out how to attach it to the guitar head and have the screen in the right position. An additional swivel would make it perfect"
it tunes my ukuleles! it tunes my guitar! i can even see how close my voice is to being on pitch! hooray for this tuner."
The tuning is accurate, the LCD screen is clearly visible, it works great!! I'm not sure about battery life, I haven't gotten there yet."
This tuner work well. one of the features is that when its not on one of the notes the full screen is RED. So it easy to quickly tune up."
works well but honestly there are better tuners for less money. But all in all works well. Good display and very easy to use."
The technology is fine but the attachment to the instrument isn't very friendly. Snark rotates to any position I want, but Intellitouch ends up being upside down. It works fine but it's inconvenient."
I have the PT2, which is not backlit, so I bought this one for use in dimly-lit venues. It worked great right out of the box: put in the battery, clipped it onto a standard acoustic guitar headstock, turned it on, and began tuning. The display is big ( 1-1/4\" X 1-1/4 \"), bright even in a bright room, and when the string is in-tune, the backlit background turns from red to green( like Christmas!). I put on a brand new set of strings, and used it to bring each one up to pitch. I found that plucking the string with your finger and then adjusting makes the tuner \"waver\" less, probably because fewer overtones are being produced. All of these type of tuners have some degree of hesitancy when reading the string pitch, moreso on some of the strings than others, but I found that this unit locked in on the signal quickly and gave a very accurate reading. I can use a pick to pluck the string as well and this device, after a very brief pause( less than a 10th of a second), gives me a reading or gives me the green. I don't use any of the other features. I also did not use it to tune any other stringed instrument.The only other comment I have about it is that the on button should have been placed on the top of the unit as you clip it onto the headstock, but I just mount the unit over towards one side, and turn it on and off from the bottom.I would highly recommend this for a anyone looking to quickly tune-up a guitar in a noisy, dimly-lit room.Update-August 2012: Replaced the battery after 2 years, with a good quality Sony lithium, and the tuner is still going strong!"
Not my first Intellitouch tuner.  I really like these tuners, they are easy to use and easy to see when tuning up the guitar."
I bought one of these about a year ago and I am going to buy a second one to keep in my gutar case as a back-up. Great tuner, just clip it on the headstock, turn it on and tune -- display changes to bright green when you are exactly in tune so I can even do it without my glasses on. I have used it in noisy environments (other instruments tuning or playing) and it still works, never had a problem with it picking up tuning informatiom clipped to the headstock of either my acoustic guitar or Fender Stratocastor.The ONLY thing that could use improvement is the auto-off function; mine has failed to detect an extended duration of NO audio energy and as such, stayed turned on until it drained the battery. After that, I got in the habit of making SURE I turned it off when not in use. And it uses commonly found 2032 cell batteries so not A big deal to replace (just grab a two-pack of them at the grocery store to keep on hand).Overall, very useful, accurate device and worth a few extra dollars."
This pad is great for midi VSTi's, Drums, Queuing, and it's got great action! Works great with Ableton, Reason, FL Studio, Cantabile Performer and a whole bunch more DAWs and hosts.The software is a little lame and doesn't always work properly... but you don't really need it that much anyways... so it's whatever.."
After online research, I decided to buy (and found locally) this midi pad to use in Reason 4. Although not confirmed (online) as working with Reason, I was happy to see it worked immediately with no problems. My CPU is Windows 7, but it worked on my MSI netbook also. This unit also worked in Ableton Live (as stated online). I would recommend this pad to anyone looking for an affordable midi drum pad that works in many music programs."
I own a Native Instruments Maschine Mikro...but find myself using this even more often. You can program it to whatever MIDI values you want. The pads themselves are as solid as devices several times more expensive."
I share most of the same sentiments.The pads are a little stiff, but this works, does the job and is such a small package!Fit's in my Macbook bag -"
I love the pads and the knobs. I used it with Live 8. The software side requires a bit of configuration to work with some software, but ultimately was stable and functional EXCEPT...With my laptop, the USB power supply must be noisy, because the LPD8 will lose its connection and power if you even gently touch one of the cables--however, it works fine if I use a (very cheap!) powered USB hub in between. I suspect that it does not contain adequate filtering for the power supply. So it may not work in some configurations.Lose a star, because I really love it but in my configuration I am not willing to add a gratuitous USB hub and another wall wart to my road rig. Nice try, akai.[Updated update! 12 jan 013]I have tried a different LPD8 to compare--it does not have the problem! On the systems where my old LPD8 would be flaky, the new LPD8 is rock solid. It appears that I have a broken one with an intermittent problem. If yours has this problem, send it back while it's still in warranty.So that's nice. Now it's really a great product that I can, um, sort of recommend to everyone. However, considering that AKAI \"professional\" has us doing their QC for them, I'd suggest saving the shipping box in case you need to return it for an exchange...at least for a few weeks."
This product has almost zero documentation in the box or on the Akai Pro website.  Technical support is also almost zero.  Akai seems to not care about getting new users up to speed on their products.  Customer service is basically \"If you have to ask, you should not buy this\".  I asked the Akai technical department which sequencer software I needed and they told me to go to a Music store!  This may sound stupid but unless you have a lot of MIDI knowledge and experience don't buy this product.  Try finding a MIDI tutorial that is usable.  Good luck with that chore.Added 08Nov2010: The keyboard arrived with one of the bottom rubber footpads missing.  I sent an email to Akai asking for a replacement but they do not have any parts.  I find that unbelievable."
This is a great little keyboard for use with GarageBand on the iPad. GarageBand recognizes it as a controller for the Keyboard, Smart Keyboard, Sampler, Smart Guitar, Smart Bass, and Drums. You can even solo on the Akai keyboard while the Smart Keyboard autoplays an accompaniment! In addition to offering the superior feel of a real keyboard, this Akai keyboard has much more consistent touch sensitivity than what's built into GarageBand for iPad.Unlike other keyboard controllers I've tried, this one plugs and plays with the iPad--no powered USB hub required. (You do need Apple's Camera connection Kit, of course, to add a USB port to your iPad.) It's not loaded with gimmicks--just the essentials, and the essentials work very well indeed. The keys are 85% of standard width, which is large enough for fumble-free playing. It's lightweight, compact and thus perfectly suited as an iPad accessory."
Still glad I have it -Would prefer to exchange a slightly larger package for full size keys, and the action is a little weak - less than 'synth' action..but it works great, weighs almost nothing and is ultra-portable."
First of all, don't be \"oversold\" by the \"extraordinary value\" that some reviewers claim this fifty-buck inputting device to be.  Akai is considered a budget-priced version of, and a step down, from Sony, which in the minds of some has dropped a few steps lower itself.  But it's the ideal solution for many of us who may be working at a desktop computer with Garageband, Band-in-the-Box, Finale, Sibelius, Audacity or a similar program.  The last thing I would do is lug a 50-pound PC or SP Kurzweil model (plus AC power transformer) upstairs to place on an over-crowded desk. Even the 12-pound Yamaha NP-30, with its 76 notes, is awkward to use for this purpose.  Make it nothing longer than a 41-note keyboard, but if you can get one at half the price of the E-Music 41-note, that may be the handiest, most practical device for your needs.Sure, there are alternatives.  You can click at a \"virtual keyboard\" that Garageband makes available for a mouse--but it's slow.  Or you can download a virtual keyboard to your iPad (or iPod) for a couple of bucks, but it's limited to no more than an octave and a \"touch screen\" which, though superior to mouse-clicking, still isn't as satisfying or \"immediate\" as inputting by pressing down on actual, physical keys.This cheaply-made--even \"cheap\"--but effective Akai keyboard fits the bill very nicely, especially for someone who's working in congested space.  It's regrettable the company refers to it as a \"performance\" keyboard.  It's nothing of the sort, nor should it be.  That's the reason I initially went with the NP30, only to find that the bi-purpose instrument I had in mind was impractical for either intended use.Take a look at the Korg \"Nano\" piano, and if you're a pianist, you'll immediately see the superiority of the Akai.  But be careful not to be lulled into purchasing the deluxe model of either the Akai or the E-Music, or you'll be close to spending as much as you would for a keyboard that lives up to the name \"Performance.\"  This Akai model looks and feels like a kindergartner's ten-dollar toy, but it's the best compromise I've been able to turn up for my crowded work area."
I got this and it works well apart from the fact you have to really bang down on the keys, Im hoping over time they will be easier to press"
I was so excited to discover that you can buy these on their own. I am a huge devotee of Dunlop strap locks -- having dropped both my electric guitar and my bass on stage at one time or another, I have now installed these on all my main performing guitars.So it was a given that when I started gigging with a new bass, I would put strap locks on it. But I already have my fancy bass strap decked out with the lock mechanisms, so I really only needed these buttons. I was on the verge of resigning myself to buying the whole set again and throwing the extra strap lock parts into a drawer when I found these. Buying the buttons alone cost less than half what the whole set would have, and now I can just shuttle my one bass strap between both instruments.I did have some major difficulty getting one of the two screws all the way tightened, but since I have attached strap lock buttons at least four other times and it was easy as pie, I'm more inclined to blame my instrument for that.Great product. I'm elated to know I can now get these buttons separately."
This is great for those who already own strap locks and just want to gear up the rest of your collection.  no sense spending alot of money on hardware you wont use.  the price was ok."
Once you install a full Dunlop Strap Lock on a guitar and strap, that strap becomes unusable on any guitar that isn't equipped with Dunlop buttons.  Since I only use about 3 straps but have more than 3 guitars, it didn't make much sense to buy full strap locks.  My only concern when I ordered these buttons was that they might not be exactly like the Dunlops and not securely keep the guitar and strap connected.These buttons look and act exactly like the ones that come with a full set of strap locks.  After testing a set, I have now purchased buttons for most of my guitars.  The side benefit is that they are fully functional when used with a guitar strap that is not equipped with the Dunlop locks."
Looks nice, hardware is good, and it works great on that extra guitar you might have without the need to buy the whole set. Now I have one strap and can swap guitars fast and not worry about dropping my guitar!"
These are perfect for those using Dunlop strap locks but have more guitars than straps.  These are Allparts parts, quick USPS shipping."
This will give you the delay and compression that you need for country twang on the telecaster. It will also give you a rhythm track to play along too. The rhythm machine has 44 rhythms with adjustable volume and tempo. It is not perfect as it has no on/off switch, it reverts to default mode when you power it up, it is a little hard to set volume and tempo on drum beats. It only cost around $60 so perfection should not be expected. For practice and the home studio it is great."
After lots of researching I finally decided to buy this Zoom pedal, so far it has worked great, has all the features mentioned, lots of great options, also a great guitar tuner. For those doubting, you actually can just plug your headphones in the output jack and practice without an amp, which was an amazing bonus for me since I've yet to buy my amp. 5 starts, totally recommend it for a begginers guitar effects pedal!"
As usual an excellent Zoom product.Adds to my playing. Just love this thing. Not too difficult to get the hang of. Even for me."
The effects are good but the controls and setups are clumsy and kind of annoying and after a while I just couldn't live with it."
I got this in the mail a week ago and have played with it constantly.there is so much in this little box! i was just interested in the drum tracks in it when i bought it but i have since stopped using all of my other effects and just used this! i highly recomend this to anyone who plays an electric guitar."
Just got this. It is my first pedal of any sort. It has many tones and a library of other settings I can play with. I just plug in my headphones and I am off in my own world when I play. I can change the sound of the guitar to match whatever I want, or at least get close to what I want. I see myself using this for a good while before I need to upgrade. This also came with an AC adapter, even though the box said it didn't."
Comfortable and very nice fabric!! love it!! =) looks awesome with my white jackson! and u can also adjust it to your body =)"
its just a basick thin leather strap, my only problem with it is it could be longer my bass sits to high with this strap set at its longest setting"
Great strap for the price. Absolutely no complaints/issues at all. Light weight but sturdy. I was able to put strap locks on this strap with no issues and it works great. Comfortable as well."
It does the job but it is a little low on the quality side.  Surprisingly it is not that stiff; not surprisingly I think that has to do with the quality/thickness of the leather.  I don't know if I'm slower than the usual folk but it took awhile for me to learn to adjust it; you have to remove the &#34;buckle&#34; strap to readjust the strap to length.Bottom line?  It works and I feel comfortable with it supporting my axe."
But dont let that deter you. That just means it will break-in that much more quickly. My favorite strap is not padded in any way, like this strap, but a little wider. I use this on a Telecaster and it looks nice and matches well with the color scheme of the guitar. I hooked a couple4pcs Round Head Strap Locks Black for Guitar Schaller-styleon it and away we went. The strap is made in Canada from decent quality leather(not bonded) and the gold Fender logo is understated, yet classy. It's a classic strap from Fender. What else is there to say?"
Very beatiful and good quality. Nothing bad to say, it's a Fender strap with the hard rock leather look! Highly recommended!"
Not much to say about a plain leather strap except that it's what I wanted and serves me well with the Fender guitar it's strapped to."
Very nice quality of leather. It's just a little bit short for my taste. The guitar rested too high for my liking. With some creative engineering I was able to get it to the length I needed."
Very nice guitar strap. I bought it for my ukulele and it works fine. Good leather and believe it or not made in Canada not China! I would recommend this item for either guitars or in my case Ukuleles. Good value! Great seller and fast delivery. Thanks Amazon for a great product!"
Plain leather. Looks good and has the Fender logo prominent. No padding, which may be a bit of a problem if you are playing long hours. I use it on a black and white Stratocaster and am happy with it."
This strap works fine for my acoustic using the leather laces to tie around the neck of the guitar.  I didn't like it so much for my electric guitar, because I was nervous that it would come loose, since the leather &#34;buttonholes' are somewhat wimpy.  If you have a heavy electric guitar, I recommend that you buy a locking guitar strap or something with thicker leather.  It would have been better if it had a felt backing, or at least an adjustable pad."
This is a nice strap.  It feels really durable.  I like the black side and the soft leather side.  It feels good around my shoulders"
The Pyle-Pro PMKS8 mic stand is good for someone looking to buy on a budget. It's fairly solid, heavy enough to hold itself down, and is flexible enough to position the mic how you need it.There are a few issues, however. The metal neck is difficult to tighten onto its base without causing the microphone to be crooked. This means you have to choose between having a straight forward mic and having a mic which doesn't swivel around on its base. The mic holder has the same issue.I would not use this mic stand for an event where it's plainly visible to an audience. It is simply too difficult to position it to look good on camera.I would use this mic stand for personal voice recording an communication. It's great for a desk or a small recording studio."
Perfect for my obscure use.I discarded the mic clip (or more so, added it to my collection,) and attached a RAM mount to the gooseneck. Now I have a universal articulating mount on a flexible post. What to do with it? I use this contraption to watch movies on my ipod touch on long flights. No more holding a little phone-sized thing up to my face for hours on end. This stand and the mount get the small screen right up to my line of vision."
What can you say about something that you need but is really insignificant in the scheme of things.  I needed it and it works simple as that"
It's always been a problem trying to keep the Desk microphone in one place. Promblem resolved, by purchasing this stand my heavy Shure57 stays in one place. The only thing is I wish the flex was a little longer, about three inches would be great. But otherwise a wise and good purchase."
This is what it shows, a simple small mic stand that dont fall over. Good for table top, cajon hole by floor or recording.Its well made and works well."
I ordered this tuner so I could carry it around with my ukelele in a gig bag.  It's worked fine.  I've used it to tune a ukelele, a bass, and a guitar, and it works fine on all counts.  I have no complaints about it."
This is a good item and has served me well.  However I just upgraded to an Intellitouch PT10 for a bit more money and its a much more convenient and really easy to use.  The Korg runs off of ambient sound and gets interference from background noise while the Intellitouch is a clip on and uses vibration to 'hear' the note."
Easy to use and accurate. Only issue in tuning Drop d or b on a 5 - String bass... it takes longer to find the sweet spot to tune it. It tends to fall off quickly on low notes. Microphone works well for acoustic guitars."
Works well as a tuner, but I did return it to buy the Korg tuner/metronome combo.  Thought it would be easier to have it all in one machine.  However, this worked fine as a plain tuner."
I have a lot of guitar tuners in the house. I've had few handheld units, some apps on my phone, the Korg Pitch Black, some Fender thing, the Boss TU-3, and the TC Electronic Polytune. I can say that the only tuner that I prefer over this one is the Pitch Black. This little CA1 is actually faster and better than the TU-3 by a hair, and absolutely kills the Polytune in speed and accuracy. Korg really knows how to build their tuners, and this one is a truly great one. Works great for acoustic guitars as well as electric, and also does a fine job on basses, too. I don't know if it's accurate enough for a piano, but it is what it is."
This is a nice tuner that works great. nice part is it works on ALL stringed instrument. I will tell you my 1st one did go belly up but Korg's awesome warranty covered it and my 2nd one works great. This is the tuner you want!"
I've got a couple of these and for the most part I'm very satisfied. On the Mandy, absolutely no problems. On guitars it sometimes doesn't register on the low E. Usually, moving around helps."
I love thes, I keep buying them for every instrument I have, so I am never with out it..."
I already owned two of these Tuners previously & purchased these for friends. They are great for jamming with friends & are so user friendly & accurate. What is really impressive is that they can stay attached to the headstock of my guitar whileplaying making touch up tuning a breeze. I love mine & so do my friends. In my opinion for the price they are hard to beat."
I have two of them.  One in the guitar case holding my Martin HD28 and the other in the case of my Blueridge flattop.  Just clip it on about the nut and tune away.  Pickers playing next to me don't interfere with me tuning.Works great!"
I have owned just about every tuner made.  They all had pluses and minuses.  I like this one a lot.  It is my tuner of choice right now.  The backlit screen is great and the tuner is accurate.  It is also small, which I appreciate.  For this price ($15) you simply can't go wrong."
This neat little tuner has it all.  It is cheap to buy at Amazon but delivers outstanding results on tuning.  Unlike some of my tuners, this one picks up all the notes easily and gives a smooth and accurate reading.  I love the way it folds flat so I can get my instruments in the case with it still clamped on.  I keep one on my guitar and another on my fiddle at all times.  There is no more forgetting my tuner or misplacing it somewhere and losing it.  It's a must have.  It was only about $15 at Amazon and worth many times that amount."
This thing is a little jewel. I have a jazz guitarr&oacute;n, i.e., a modified Mexican Mariachi guitarr&oacute;n that is custom strung down to the third E below middle C, which is E1 at 41.2 Hz. This little tuner does the job. It works clipped onto the head, and on the bridge also, but a guitarr&oacute;n bridge is a bit wide for it, so clipped directly onto the lower edge of the sound hole, i.e., near the the most treble-sounding string. There it works perfectly and consistently even on that lowest E and it's entirely out of the way since my right hand is coming at the strings from near the bass-most string.Bold_strummer mentions that it buzzed on his classical guitar, and initially I found the same problem, BUT it turned out NOT to be the tuner's fault, but mine. After tuning, I had gotten into the habit of turning it face down against the wood of my instrument. When I did that it made just enough contact with the surface of my instrument to create a buzz. It took me two weeks to figure out what was making the buzz since the noise was coming directly out of the sound hole even though I had the tuner clipped to the head at the time. When I realized it was the turner, all I had to do was NOT turn it down against the instrument when I wasn't using it. Ever since then, no buzz. Brilliant, huh?  c|:-?Another reviewer's idea about getting two of these so as to keep a spare packed in your gig bag is a great one. At this price, why not? This is a great little item."
This tuner has a bright backlight , a padded clip,it rotates, pivots, does flats, and  calibration from 440Hz to 438Hz. Simple to use. Runs on one CR 2032 pancake battery(included). What's not to like. 5 stars all the way. I have 4 others in different cases and one on my work bench. They have been very dependable and easy on batteries. This one goes in a case for a tele copy, that I just finished.Additional Edit. 03/20/2013-This particular unit does not respond a quickly as other identical tuners that I have. I is accurate, just doesn't respond to the string a fast. I still give it 5 stars"
This little tuner is very precise. It's fast, and easy to use. I got two of them. It works better than the ones with a built-in mic that capture other sounds and make it difficult to tune your instrument. Works for guitar, bass, violin, or any string instrument."
The Intelli IMT-500--The tuner that killed the Intellitouch!There are scores of chromatic tuners on the market.  Most work by using a small built-in microphone that picks up sound waves.  In order to be used effectively, the tuning space must be relatively quiet.  Many of these tuners have input jacks that allow electric guitars to be connected directly and tuned by the electronic signal they produce. A bunch of years ago a variety of clip-on-microphones began to be marketed.  The microphone could be clipped to any instrument and its cord attach to an electronic tuner.  Now, anyone could tune an instrument no matter what the background noise.Then, the Intellitouch tuner hit the market.  The entire tuner clipped onto the instrument.  One could tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment.  There was no cord to deal with and the instrument could stay clipped to the headstock or quickly removed and slid into a pocket or case.  Talk about convenience.  Jams and festivals (bluegrass, folk, whatever) became seas of Intellitouch tuners.Intellitouch owned the market even though there were so many situations where they did not work well. In particular, they have trouble with the bass notes of dreadnought sized guitars. The more overtones an instrument produces, the worse the tuner behaves. The bass string of a Martin rosewood dreadnought was near impossible to tune without using one of the many workarounds that owners developed.  So, it was very much a love-hate relationship.  The shortcomings were huge, but the convenience meant that they were tolerated.Then, came the Intelli.  It was an Intellitouch that worked, if not perfectly, then a whole lot better.  The amazing thing is that the switch from Intellitouch to Intelli wasn't gradual.  Within six months of its introduction, jams and festivals became seas of Intelli tuners.  People were throwing their Intellitouches into drawers (if they weren't lucky enough to find a die hard holdout willing to buy one second-hand) to get the Intelli.  That's a considerable investment to abandon.  But, why not?  The Intelli is half the price of the Intellitouch and works a whole lot better.  They are so inexpensive that it's easy to justify getting one for the practice area and one for the case so that you don't have to worry about forgetting to pack it.Anyone who will ever have to tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment will quickly find this tuner indispensable.  And it works darn well in a quiet environment, too!Highly recommended!"
I only have used this tuner on classical guitars (the ones with nylon strings).  I teach classical guitar and have had the opportunity to use it on many different classical guitars of varying quality.  It has tuned them all very well.  A great advantage I've found using this tuner (Tune Tech TT500) verses tuners which use a microphone, is that I can now talk with my students while tuning and no longer have to ask them to please be quiet while I tune their guitars.  Kids especially like to talk and now I can fully engage in conversation with them while tuning their guitars.  The only problem I've noticed, and thus only 4 stars, is that I usually have to begin tuning with any string other than the low E string.  For some reason, the tuner seems to have trouble sensing the low E vibrations and the needle will not move.  This problem has always resolved itself when I tune another string and then tune the low E.PROS:1.  Pitch is registered quickly with minimal needle fluctuations2.  Ambient noise does not disturb tuning sensor3.  Small and compact4.  Swivel head for ease of viewing the screen.5.  The screen is very bright and is also easily seen in direct sunlight.6.  Rubber feet on clamp will not scratch guitar7.  Clamp is strong and will open wide but easy to squeeze open with fingers.8.  Being a chromatic tuner means you are not stuck just tuning EADGBE.  It's tuning range is 12 note. A2 - B7.9.  Will automatically turn itself off after 3 minutes of non-use.CONS:1.  Delay on tuning low E string2.  Buttons rattle while tuning 2nd string, B.3.  Plastic on screen scratches easilyI don't yet know how long the button battery will last or how much battery replacements cost.  I will update this review when I have that information.  But for now, I am very pleased with this tuner.  I have owned many electronic tuners and this one so far beats them all.  I have also used it to tune my guitarlele and it tunes it darn near perfectly!  Great chromatic tuner at a great price - I love it!"
I'm taking my KORG CA-30, which has no backlight, slow reset time, and a ridiculous \"stand\" feature - put a business card in the slot in the back, and try to find a level surface for it to stand upon - and putting it in my sock drawer with my decades old guitar pitch pipe. Also going in there is my Intellitouch tuner, which drives me nuts with the arrows and does not fit securely on my fiddle.For my fiddle, mandolin and guitar, I'll use my just received Intelli IMT-500 which is very compact (great for fiddle/mando cases), which has an outstanding backlight, superb accuracy and quick resetting.The Intelli, in its own manufacturers box (which has no shock-absorbing material),was placed in a larger shipping box by the distributor/seller \"The Instrument Store\", without any shock-absorbing material, leaving the Intelli, a very sensitive electronic metering device,subject to vibration and shock during the long trip down the east coast.It would be good for Amazon to teach sellers the basics of proper packing for shipping.It's not rocket science."
This is the second tuner I have bought like this. I got it because I need a second tuner. They are very good tuners and I highly recomend any tuners this company makes."
... but not great either. The \"needle\" never seemed to stay still long enough to isolate the pitch. It also appears that the tuner wasn't reliable on the pitch end either. Recently ordered the red SNARK tuner here on Amazon, and I think it's much better- the Intelli does have the fact that it folds down snug against my guitar going for it- the snark is a little more bulky.Ultimately, the most important thing for me when it comes to tuners is accurate pitch, and readability- Snark wins out... this tuner works for sure, but I don't think it's the best out there.The Snark is cheaper too!"
i recently bought this one for myself but i gave it to my praise team leader. when he do turning his accoustic guitar while other players make sound, he always pull cable to connect the guitar and tunner. so i gave this to him to save some time. first he doubt that it would work just like other tunner, after he tried he was very pleased with the accuracy and convinience that he can tune his accoustic guitar while other players are playing. now it's time to treat myself with this gift, so i don't have to do what my leader did during band practice. i also want to mention that this product was made in korea not china~~! it's very rare thing to see now a days."
I use this all the time for acoustic guitar/banjo/mandolin, as well as an autoharp and my daughter's fiddle. I'll be getting another one soon for her to keep in her fiddle case (wanted to teach her the basics of tuning by ear first or from another instrument like a piano or keyboard). This works well at a noisy jam and rarely gets confused. For my acoustic guitars it lets me easily tune to open G even if it's too noisy for me to hear it but it almost always stays in my mandolin case and gets used often for banjo as well. I've used it to tune my girlfriends autoharp and although the clip is stretched pretty wide it still does the job.Nobody really gets excited about tuners, but I've been playing a long time and nothing like this was around that I know of when I started out. If you wanted to tune and didn't have a 1/4\" input, good luck."
Bought this rosin to see how I would like it.  I have a very light hand on the bow, so I like a rosin that is on the aggressive side.  This is not.  Since all fiddlers have their own styles you have to deal with trial & error."
Jade rosin gives a extra grippiness to the bow.  It hardly generates any dust, and gives the bow that extra grab.  The only problem is that the effect wears off quickly.  I use it in combination with Motrya Gold."
What can you say about Rosin?  This rosin seems to be better than the cheapo kind I had and so I feel it is worth the extra money."
I have tried several rosins for my violin.  Of all of them, I especially like L'Opera Jade.  It leaves very little rosin dust on the violin.  Yet it gives you the tone quality you are looking for."
Very good rosin and does exactly what is described.  A nice finish to the other rosin with specific bows.  No need to try mix rosin when a new bow with the rosin labeled on the bow will reduce the mystery of trying to figure out which bow to used in different temperatures and humidity."
Very nice product and fits well and good quality. It's held up to my daughters abuse and recommend to everyone."
When playing an electric &#34;bodyless&#34; violin, that hurts the collar bone.  You MUST have one of these.  It changed the whole way I play now."
I bought this to go with my Cecilio 4/4 electric violin, and it fits perfectly.  It is not too tight, nor too loose.  It is very well made.  This shoulder rest is very comfortable, and really helps get the right playing angle."
I am not an avid player but it fits good and for the price you can not beat it.  I thought it would not be as good but wow my surprise to it and the fit I have a 4/4 Violin I think handed down from my ggggrandfather the violin is so old can hardly tell what kind it is someone once told me it was one of those stratovariouses tempted to throw it out a couple of times but it is sentimental since it came from and handed down through the family, should just pitch the thing but now I do have a nice shoulder comforter.  Will definitely keep the shoulder thing even if I do pitch the violin for a nice shiney new one."
This shoulder rest is sturdy and remarkably easy to install on the fiddle. No adjustment is required once it is set for the instrument's size (3/4 or 4/4 -- arrived set for 4/4). It simply snaps on to the outer rim of the back, and the rubber feet keep it in place. Good value for the price."
This does work as described.  It arrives without any instructions whatsoever but its fairly obvious to figure out.  The reason I only gave it two stars however is because I find it so uncomfortable!  Its quite hard on your collarbone.  I have added foam to it and now it works well, but I suspect one might be better just buying a foam one in the first place."
Everest EZ Series Shoulder Rest for 4/4 Violin is very good deal, if you are learning to play a violin.It helps you to keep the violin in right position all the time."
I didn't use this a lot because it was a little uncomfortable. But is a well made product if you use it for what it's for."
I am extremely happy with this product. I own several shoulder rests, and this quickly became my favorite and stays on my favorite violin. I have no problem whatsoever keeping it on the violin as long as it's in the proper position. The adjustability is a key factor, and I can turn one side low and the other side higher for a highly customized fit. The padding is also excellent and comfortable. A top-quality product."
I like this pedal.  Its rugged and has a great range of tonal capabilities and rips for hardcore metal.  That being said, the blue LED while cool looking is actually blinding and I found myself placing a finger over it to just see the friggin' knobs for adjustments.  I guess that is a pretty weak complaint but IMO it's an impediment more than an enhancement.  Also the Gate and Scoop buttons feels pretty flimsy to me... which is not expected at this price point.  A moot point because I am not using the Gate at least as IMO it was &#34;weird&#34; in its Gating execution, sounded kind of like a very rough algorithm is being used instead of a nice smooth curve.  But all in all this thing tears it up in terms of pure shredding tone."
BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: The MXR Fullbore Metal is a high-octane distortion suitable for modern metal music. It's 3-band EQ with adjustable Midrange Q gives the MXR FM the ability to model virtually every other distortion out there.WHAT I LIKE about the pedal is that it's small, easy to operate, and doesn't take much time to dial in the tone you want. I play with a Marshall JCM2000 DSL50 going into a 1960A 4x12 using a Les Paul Standard, and it sounds amazing. I love the onboard Marshall JCM-flavored tube distortion, but it is more in line with the New Wave Of British Heavy Metal (obviously), and not entirely suitable for modern American metalcore. The MXR Fullbore Metal gets me to where I need to go. This is nice because I can use my amp to have a good clean and overdrive channel, and then tap the Fullbore when I need to play metal.WHAT I DISLIKE is that this pedal generates a lot of white noise, so you have to be careful with the Treble and Mid-Q knobs. However I also noticed that the amount of white noise also depended on my amp's EQ settings as well, so know in advance you'll need to spend a good 15-minutes doing a proper setup for recording purposes.WHAT ABOUT THE EH METAL MUFF? I owned a Metal Muff for years, and this pedal totally blows it away. The big &#34;selling point&#34; about the MM is that it has a Top Boost. Big deal. I wrote a review for the MM on Amazon, but in summary, the Top Boost makes everything sound weird and unmusical. Comparing the Top Boost to the Noise Gate in terms of the big &#34;selling point&#34;, the Fullbore's Noise Gate (which has adjustable sensitivity) to me seems like a MUCH better feature when thinking about how tight you want your rhythm guitar or leads to sound.WHAT ABOUT THE BOSS ME-70? I currently own an ME-70, and being totally honest - I think the negative peer pressure and crap guitarist's give each other about multi-effects is because in their mind they think an old-fashioned pedalboard with a thousand bucks worth of pedals is &#34;real&#34; whereas multi-effects pedals are &#34;fake&#34;. This might be true to some extent, but modern digital modeling is getting so close to vintage analog signal chains... that at some point the trade-off does indeed make sense. (FYI: Dave Mustaine uses a DigiTech GSP1101 as part of his live rig). #endrant. Anyway, the Boss ME-70 has only a few settings useful onstage, but not so much for recording since in the end, they do sound a tad digital, and the ME-70 compresses your signal. The MXR Fullbore does not compress, and sounds analog, so it wins.FOR RECORDING PURPOSES? I bought this pedal because I wanted a dedicated metal distortion to use for my Metal EP I'm self-recording. In conjunction with an ADA GCS-3, I created an all-analog signal chain for direct interface that sounds amazing. Check out the ADA GCS-3 if you can. It's an amazing speaker simulator, and it can take any pedal you throw at it and convert it into a beautifully sounding emulation as if the pedal itself was it's own 1x12 combo amplifier. Anyway, through the GCS-3, the Fullbore basically sounds like a Mesa-Boogie.WHY ONLY 4 STARS? The Fullbore isn't for everybody, it isn't for every guitar, or every amp, but by itself, it's really friggin good. I suppose if it had a 10-band EQ and a 12AX7 preamp circuit, it would be &#34;the best metal pedal&#34;, but for a small piece of gear, it's probably the best analog distortion on the market."
This pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. I would personally recommend the Electro-Harmonix Metal Muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price."
Tis pedal really did for me what I wanted which was kick my little combo in the butt. Hard rock and heavy metal, classic metal is where it shines. I don't mess with the noise gate so I can't really comment on that. but everything else is first rate"
good tone but dicey controls. Like the features especially the noise gate but do not use the scoop very much."
This peddle works great! I looked at many products for, just the right distortion and this one just topped them all. So glad I went with the M116"
Best distortion i ever used. It took me a while but i finally got that Preriphery / Protest The Hero Tone with this Plus my overdrive"
A lot of people like the Metal Muff over this and say you can dial in more distortion sounds. Well I have both. The Muff is good for various tones, but the MXR gives you that all out full metal tone. Having the built in gate is also nice and it works! The Muff is a lot more noisy. But I like em both. I just use them for different tones. If you want that full out metal tone, get this, trust me ;)"
For those that want to record(I use Adobe Audition) this item is good for recording.I use to use my sound card. This provides a smoother sound and I don't have to worry about hissing when I record.You can just plug in your guitar or bass.Here is a letter I wrote to Tascam:On humble advice I would forward this email to all of your subsidiaries any retail store that sells Tascam USB audio devices! Anywhere in the world.Just today I got the new Tascam US-100 USB audio interface. It of course uses the Windows audio drivers. A nightmare occured. When I plugged in the device Windows XP had the usual \"detect USB device\" come up. But to my horror it wound up saying \"A hardware problem occured your hardware may not operate properly\" something of that sort.I spent over 4 hours trying to figure this whole thing out and I read the manual it came with. Tried all sorts of things oh brother! It still would not install. By the way this happened with a previous USB audio device, not made by Tascam, that did the excact same thing on my computer.But to my luck I found out what the problem was! Thank God for the website that had this on a blog!:In the c:\\windows\\inf folder there must exist two files:wdma_usb.infwdma_usb.PNFIt is really the .inf file that is important. Some software  seems to knock these out by renaming them to:wdma_usbinf.bakwdma_usbpnf.bakI simply found the files, opened them and renamed them to the proper names. And lo and behold when I restarted my computer the Tascan US 100 worked!Its easy to rename the files you just open wdma_usbinf.bakwdma_usbpnf.bak and  then save them as wdma_usb.infwdma_usb.PNF.Its that simple!!Anyone who works customer service for Tascam should know this. Like I said it happend with a previous USB audio device that I had and I woulnd up selling it at eBay cause I was so frustrated.I'm happy with the Tascam US 100.I hope this helps if your audio does not work on your computer. And it did the same with a USB phone."
This Tascam \"US-100 USB Audio Interface\" is exactly what I was looking for to record from our wireless mic with XLR outputs, directly to my PC video editing software. We professionally produce instructional videos and needed this for \"voice over\" work on existing footage. Before getting this convenient little unit we had to record into a camcorder and then import it into the PC, so this saves us a step when we only need to record audio. Here are my observations:+ Plug and Play; connected to my PC via USB and was instantly recognized+ USB Powered; no external power needed, a big plus when using my laptop+ Good Sound; clean and clear input+ Multiple Inputs; XLR, 1/4 Mic, RCA stereo line, and \"Hi-Z\" GuitarMisc:- XLR input is not powered (not a problem for us)- Includes \"Audacity\" software, but we did not need to load itHighly Recommended!CFH"
Does it's job extremely well, produces high quality audio and is fantastic for recording your microphone or guitar or what have you without any fuzz or latency. It's built like a tank, and it's nice and solid. This interface is an amazing piece of beginner kit that will not disappoint."
I won't recommend this to anyone, i actually used this one as a sound card, since doesn't work good for recording.spend some more money if you want something good."
The US-100 works fine for my needs: rough and ready audio tracking with 32-bit Cubase 5 on 64-bit Windows 7. My PC is for general-use with a non-studio configuration (no mixer, non-phantom power mics, headphone monitoring).If you're buying for a studio setup requiring phantom power or multiple inputs, you'll need a separate mixer and/or standalone phantom supply. From the mixer you can cable to the US-100's line input via RCA jacks on the back.There were a couple of hiccups during setup, but I don't blame the device. It uses stock O/S drivers that loaded right up. The documentation is minimal and only covers up to Vista, but it's accurate and you'll manage with Win7. On the Windows side make the USB AudioCodec your default recording and playback device to override any onboard or card-based audio and speakers (I have Realtek onboard and 2.1 desktop speakers).I'm using ASIO4ALL with Cubase and Cubase crashed a couple of times while configuring VST connections and I/O busses. Once configured however, it's been solid.I'd recommend checking out user forums for your particular software/platform to find similar gotchas and to set your expectations.On an XP machine, changing the default sound devices often means the hassle of toggling settings before and after launching the DAW. On Win7, once I unplug the US-100, the settings revert nicely to my desktop speakers. If I plug the US-100 back in, the settings revert again - very reliable. Even better, if I want to use Cubase strictly for MIDI, the software detects the change and I don't have to reconfigure connections or busses. That may be a function of Cubase, so again it pays to research your particular software.While the US-100 is connected, you'll hear nothing from your computer speakers and have to rely upon the US-100's headphone jack or audio out RCA jacks. This is where the balance control is very helpful. It's not a pan, it's a center position gain mixing the computer's output (from within your DAW as well as outside system sounds) with direct monitoring of your input signal. Very simple to use for overdubbing. Some people may prefer a hard left/right pan while overdubbing: I can live with the center mix though a switch to toggle a true pan would have been a terrific feature.If you do want desktop speaker playback after your tracks are done, there are a number ways to go: 1) Unplug the US-100 and restart your DAW. 2) Run a cable from the RCA outs on the US-100 to the mini-jack aux in on your desktop speakers 3) Run a mini-jack extension cord from the headphone jack on the US-100 to the aux-in.While using the headphone jack, the RCA audio outs are muted and vis-versa. Rather than having to pull out the headphone I would prefer a push switch that toggles the front to back output, but I can live without it.Again, the US-100 works great so long as your needs meet its capabilities. You can't rely on the product description or packaging to answer that. Fortunately there's enough user-information out there for just about any setup it shouldn't be difficult to track down."
although the quality is obviously not that of a studio, this guy serves it's purpose and i am not dissapointed in buying it. i use it when i mess around in garageband, and it does a very good job for not being an expensive peice of equipment. it's also very easy to use, and the USB cord is super easy for using witha laptop or computer. plus, you canplug your headphones in and listen which is always a plus."
got this to run instruments into my comp to use with sony acid, and this works well. I had problems with the sony acid (latency, boo) and while I downloaded an asio program to cut the latency, I don't use it really now, but is good to have when and if I use the sony for recording and not just mixing. the stereo sound on this is great, like true guitar stereo."
it is entry level but only records one channel even though it is misleading with multiple inputs and outputs. It works as a beginner tool but only that. mono only."
I'm sick of protools and I wanted to find something cheap and easy until I could afford to upgrade to some real equipment to use with cubase.  This unit fit the bill and has decent reviews so I went for it.I'm using it to record guitar and vocals and it does the trick.  The problem is that it records a lot of hum and white noise when using the xlr input.  I've tried every variation possible to make sure the problem isn't external to the unit.  I even tested the exact same mic + cable input into my MBox with protools and got a clean recording.  I actually like this unit's \"tone\" better than the mbox - it seems more transparent.  If not for the hum, it would get 5 stars.Unfortunately, hum is a pretty big problem.  The hum isn't loud enough to ruin your recording of only one or two tracks.  If you start layering, though, you can quickly be overtaken by white noise.  I even tried moving the unit onto a different electrical circuit and still had the same problem.So, it works for rough stuff for your own use but I wouldn't use it for anything you plan on passing around much."
This was my first foray into home recording  and it comes with Audacityfor free.  Free is free, and you get what you pay for in terms of something that will not produce high qualty musical reproduction .  The interface is noisy, and it requred a lot of tweaking after the fact to get a reasonable sound without distorion and humms etc.  Sent it back after one day."
Well, I don't really know what else to say.. I ordered them for the guitar, Though I won't be using them for the banjo. (I prefer the sound of clawhammer banjo)The thumb picks fit my thumb perfectly, and the finger picks only needed a tiny squeeze to stay put. They feel kind of alien right now, as it's the first time I've ever wore finger picks, but I'll get used to them eventually :P."
I just started playing banjo and did not want to wrap up tons of money in supplies. This was a perfect \"kit\" if you will giving you everything you need to start at a great price."
The picks arrived quickly, within a couple days of my order. They work well after adjusting them to fit. The thumb picks did not work so well for us, it was too big for me to get to fit in any way, and too small for my friend to use."
Can't get your banjo to sound right without a great set of finger and thumb picks. have been using these for years now."
There is no doubt about it, National fingerpicks are pretty much the standard.  The metal fingerpicks are rock solid, sturdy-gauge steel.  The plastic thumbpicks match tone very well.  And, note that unlike what you may read in another review, they are adjustable.  You just need to heat them up in some hot water and bend to fit.  On my resonator, these provide a full, loud sound.  The only reasons that for me these don't rate 5 stars are that (1) the Pro-Pick F Tone fingerpicks I usually use provide much more of a sense of feel, and (2) the National fingerpicks have a tendency to be a little noisier than the Pro-Picks on the guitar's unwound strings.  Even though I like the National metal fingerpicks much better than plastic fingerpicks I've used, and even though they produce more fullness than the Pro-Picks, for me the sense of feel that I get from the open-finger design of the Pro-Picks trumps volume.  This is important to keep in mind for players whose only fingerpicking experience is with fingers alone.  Players who are already used to metal or plastic fingerpicks should give the National picks strong consideration.  They are solid, sound great, and this packaging of them is excellent!  By the way, the bonus pick is cute (and will go in my logo pick collection), but it's a very thin gauge to be useful to me on anything other than electric guitar."
I just started learning the banjo and the picks are worth it. They really help me out and they are a cheap price."
Just want to reiterate however what another review mentioned... the thumbpicks both came in medium, which at the time I didn't pay any attention to.  However, after about 3 weeks of using them (and the fingerpicks) on my banjo, I came to the conclusion that I needed a large size for my thumb (the mediums sat a little too high up my thumbnail for comfort). I suppose you could put them in hot water to \"stretch\" them out as I have read, but regardless, for a quick-n-dirty set for someone just starting out, its just the ticket without having to buy a bunch of sets of 12 to figure out what is comfortable.  With price/assortment in mind, I give 5 stars."
This hand full of picks saves your fingernails, they are not the best, but easy to fit to the fingertips though the thumb picks that came are not the size I am used to."
Nice accessory, hold plenty of sticks, and the angle makes it easier to get to them quickly."
I brought this for my husband drum set. He loves it . It is made very nice . I&#34;am happy."
Sticks are well organized and always in reach.  This is a must-have item for drummers and the well-organized.  It fits the set perfectly and is quite practical."
Practical, useful for drum kit. Tilts to match personal requirement. Fits easily onto cymbal stand and, importantly, holds in place during performances.  Prof Mike Haller"
it fits almost anywhere and looks cool, holds all my drumstick and whatnot, i would recommend it to anyone that needs a place for there sticks"
This On Stage DA 100 Drum Stick holder works great and is super easy to attach. Looks good, feels good... don't know what else to write here to meet the review word count ;)"
Brass Tacks: is this the greatest mic in the world? No. But on a budget this mic is AMAZING. The lows and highs sound great and the mids sound well fleshed out. If you are looking for s nice rich sound, this is it.If you want to upgrade from a headset, cheap mic, Blue Yeti, or AT-2020; buy this mic and an audio interface. You won't regret it."
I compared this to a C1 which is pretty good for half the price.  I also tried two MXLs.  One V63.  This is much better hands down even if it costs 2x as much.  I noticed the difference on guitar.  On vocal it picks up a fair amount of noice around you.  But I realized that it's normal and the other mike just didn't pick stuff up which is worse.  The MXL v67g sounded warm on vocals and not too bad on guitar but if you got too close it gave you this fake low voice and that's just like taking the AT2035 signal and modifying it after you've recorded it.  Besides the bright green and gold was a little too much for me.  I tried the CAD M179.  That did better on the treble side but seemed to miss the mids.  I heard the AT2020 wasn't as good as the AT2035 so I went for it.  And it's more than the switches difference which I don't use anyway.  I didn't like the switches on the CAD M179 either.  It's confusing and I do gain or filter in my DAW.  I considered the NT-1 but at 80 bucks more than the 2035 it seemed like they were very similar.  At the end I'm satisfied with the 2035.  It's a work horse and costs a fraction of the more popular studio amps that have only a subtle difference to me.  I have been staying away from AT products because I didn't like the headphones compared to Sony's.  But this time I caved in because I don't see anything that competes at my price range.  For me this works like an sm57 microphone and costs about the same.  I can record my acoustic or electric guitar out of the cab or sing in it.  My challenge is to not get it to record echo in my room.  I've removed the door on my closet, put a shower curtain with a down comforter on it and record in there.  Ridiculous setup but I've save hundreds in insulation costs and hours of doing that.  For most vocals recording I don't use the closet.  Just use refir and some recording tricks to remove any unwanted noise.  So if things don't change this is my choice for best vocal and instrument microphone in the 100-250 price range.  Nice solid construction and vibration mount included.  It's rugged and I like it."
The best deal for recording beginners. This mic can handle anything from vocal, guitar, drum, to all the other instruments.It's definitely flat and natural sounding, which I like. Just be aware it comes with a plastic shock mount, not a metal one like the AT2020 comes with. However, it's usable."
I write and record my own music.  I use this microphone for vocals and acoustic guitar.  I replaced the cable that came with it with a Mogami and it sounds great.  Crystal clear and it doesn't color the recordings.  It will pick up ambient noise from the front, but that's to be expected.  It does a pretty good job of blocking ambient noise from the back.  Be sure to get a pop filter to go with it."
what part u dont likeyo u  can use eq to wash it a bit awayit is quite good...CAN BE QUITE SIBILANCE PRONE, so beware...ehso for the priceHighly recommended...in these price ranges..stick to known brandslike shure, ev, at, etc...then come the newbies,a few models from mxl, etc etc...have fun"
I've been in professional broadcast studios that don't have mics as nice as this one. Good flat response, but you can also click the bass roll off and get a little cleaner voice if you don't like to EQ after the fact. Sounds like a million bucks."
This this is great.  It is my first condenser mic, and at $149 it is a steal.I've always used Shure or Heil mics that cost over $250... This mic in a studio application smokes them.  It is obviously more clear and pure the moment you try it.  But if you really want to be amazed, do an A/B comparison.This mic has convinced me to  purchase the Audio-Technica  AT4040.  Cant wait to get it and I will review it also."
Enjoyable mic, has a decent frequency response range, nice patterning to not pick up too much ambient room noise. I usually have to do some post-processing on vocals, but in the genres I work in that's not exactly a rare thing. Either way sounds way better than I would expect for a mic at this price. Haven't tried it for drums or guitar *yet* but I'm impressed with it's ability to accurately capture vocals. While it doesn't have the warmth that some mics relay, I prefer it that way. It leaves a really clean, if slightly cold/flat feeling, that can then be warmed up in post production nicely.Good value for the sound, no complaints with the shock mount. Though make sure to be cautious with your mic placement, get a pop filter, and if you have a room with lots of ambient noise don't be shocked if it picks some of it up. All in all a good deal."
I must say, in the beginning I was not thrilled with the product.  The coloring that it adds is relatively subtle unless cranked, however after using it for several weeks then not using it, I did notice a difference.  I found that using it as a gain input to the distortion pedal results in some very warm sweet sounding crunch :-)  very nice.  The type of coloring is available through a dip switch, which I guess is ok.  Not highly accessible though.  All in all this has stayed in my effects chain between the wah wah and the distortion box.  I normally leave it on and use the stomps available on my distortion pedal.  No plans to remove."
I've been nothing but pleased with this pedal so far. I use it boost my jazz bass to the same volume level as my precision.  It does the job perfectly.  The LED is REALLY bright, which for me is a good thing, but others might find distracting.  Also, it would convenient if there were external switches instead of internal dip switches for varying the settings, but in such a small footprint, there are bound to be tradeoffs. I'd buy this again for sure."
A booster makes your signal louder!  That has been the case with all the clean boosters on the market like MXR Micro Amp, EHX LPB-1, BBE Boosta Grande, Modtone, etc.  They keep your guitar's original tone, make it louder and when pushed enough, will add a good amount of gain & grit.  But there is something else going on with the Xotic EP Booster.  Yes, it also makes the signal louder, adds gain or a little dirt, but also makes yo
Look no further this is the best Booster with an internal EQ, what else can you ask for? Go for it, if you need a versatile small booster, it comes with a 9v battery"
Indeed, this little blue-lighted wonder will make you famous. Not unlike the &#34;Three Wolf Moon&#34; shirt, this little pedal will get you the ladies (or if you're a lady, it will likely get you the guys). Either way, it gets you what you want! On top of that, it does a great job of boosting your signal from your guitar and getting you just a bit of &#34;oomph&#34;. In particular, I find it helpful when I'm running a lower output guitar through a long cable. Did I mention it has a blue light? The only downside is that you have to open up the back (with a screwdriver, so put that on your shopping list if you don't have one) to adjust the little switches that chance the tone."
As soon as I kicked this pedal in at unity gain, the difference was obvious.  I am most please at the boost feature which is amazing for one important reason: the noise level is nothing like what I was expecting.  I keep my amp clean & I found that even at around 11:00 the noise was still almost unnoticeable. At noon & up it's there until you start playing but even then, it's still much lower that the guitar. There's also an almost expander/exciter FX going on which is very noticeable, especially when I compared it to my BBE FREQ BOOST. First rate pedal!"
This is a very simple boost with a small footprint that fits nicely on the pedal board ... I like the simplicity and the ability to set the dip switches to my liking ... I find that with humbucker pickups it adds just the right, very slight tone coloration that both fattens up the sound and gives it just the right sparkle ... I don't use it much with single coils since they don't seem to benefit as much from the coloration or the treble boost ... it is a good pedal to have on board when you need that little something extra to get the right tone ... built solid ... a quality pedal that should hold up well ..."
It just arrived to day and seems well-build.  Haven't tried it yet."
My always on pedal. This pedal's amazing. You really should try it yourself to understand. I'm using a Fender Jaguar, this thing is married to it. I'm serious, try it before you die!"
I bought this boost to use in one specific situation. When playing a lead line with my bridge pick up with the tone knob all the way down, my volume drops quite dramatically. This boost does what it says it will do to remedy that, but it also seems to add a lot of noise. When the boost is off, my super high gain Fryette Deliverance 120 is very quiet when I just hold my hand over the strings. I'm using a 2010 LP Custom with a stock 490R pick up in the neck and 498T in the bridge. When I turn on the boost I immediately hear a lot of extraneous hissing and noise. When playing it isn't so bad, but I definitely am not used to so much extra noise. There are a couple of adjustment switches inside, and I haven't fooled with those yet, but I'm definitely going to do that. This boost will prob help guys with lower end gear get a better sound, but if you've already got pro quality stuff I don't see too much of an advantage here."
I have been tempted to buy this pedal for a long time after looking at all the rave reviews.I already have an MXR line booster at the end of my pedal chain into my amp. This serves to give back the lost treble and shimmer after a long cable run. Replacing that with the EP booster did not have a significant impact on my tone. Yes it was a little colored, but not too different from the line booster.If at present you have no boost after your pedals and have a long cable run, yes definitely this pedal will make a world of difference by adding the top end back to the signal. I didn't find it magical though, because I've always had a boost at the end of chain and this was not much different.I am going to experiment with it in the effects loop to add a boost during solos."
Despite the sensitivity of a compressor microphone I still use this to record heavy metal guitar. Only thing is I use a small amplifier, only a fifteen watt Line 6 spider 3. I can keep the volume down so the neighbors do not hear my guitar. Anyways, the only thing is when I use recording software I have to not record the guitar too loud. And oh my it records good! Now I no longer have to record straight into my computer where I get all loud over compressed guitar sound. I can record with drum loops and with the microphone it goes into the computer and I no longer get the loud over-compressed guitar sound that I never like very much. Glad I purchased this. For those who would try this for guitar, remember this is a sensitive compressor mic and you will get a very loud recording you will not like. So you just record as quietly as you can. This mic is sensitive! But oh boy I like it! Man I can play for hours and the guitar goes way better with the drum loops. And as I said before the amp is not gonna be loud enough to bother the neighbors. A good buy well worth the price."
now it doesn't work(same day i got it). In my control panel the mic is there but it doesn't pick up any sound. Followed all the instructions, emailed blue support and at first the person was quick to reply but now its been 3-4 days no answer. Maybe i'm being impatient but the mic only worked for a couple hours since i got it... If you guys know of any good alternatives please leave a comment."
This mic fits my studio need perfectly. It's USB connection works great for my voice overs with great sound and sensitivity. I would recommend one"
Im starting a podcast. I blindly lept to buy the blue yeti. I can understand why one person with a youtube channel would love this. Great for voice overs. In sound proof studios. The sound quality was good but it picked up WAY TO MUCH ROOM NOISE. The ability to select the 4 recording modes is great. If youll use it. I would not reccomend recording 2 people at once on this. However recording a choir or something would work. But I will never do that and neither will you. This microphone only has a usb port. Not XLR. So no hope of expanding. If you ever want to host a podcast with 2 people you need to throw this away and get a mixer and 2 new microphones.Or you can do what I did and get 2 Audio Technica ATR 2100's, 1 Behringer Xenyx 802 dual mic input Mixer, 2 shock mount/broadcast boom combos and 2 windscreens for the same price as a yeti, raidus shock mount, the pop pop filter and a generic mic stand.Now I can replace my mixer and keep my 2 mics, or replace the mics then the mixer and do all sorts of expansions and add ons as well as get quality audio for 2 hosts on my podcast.Do not get this yeti unless your doing youtube voiceovers by yourself forever"
I am not a sound guy - I just wanted something to plug in and record my practice sessions. This is vastly better than any webcam or communications microphone for recording instruments.The four direction settings are fun, though I find myself using the stereo or cardioid settings the most. The no-delay headphone jack is great. I was impressed the first time I plugged everything in and tried it out - it's nice to hear how my playing sounds from an outside standpoint.Setup was easy, and quick. I have experienced a few times when plugging it in registered it as a recording device, but failed to actually use it. This may be a windows problem, and fixed itself eventually.I am quite happy with the build quality. The base is hefty and wide, planting the mic firmly. The body and buttons are plastic, but solid, they don't feel or look cheap."
After 1.5 years, this microphone has lasted me a VERY long time and has stayed a fantastic microphone. As I am getting more serious with voice over, I am moving to better equipment, but as a starter microphone/ microphone in general: It deserves a nod of approval. Definitely a fantastic purchase, very happy with it!"
I have used many microphones, from  expensive Neumanns, Sennheisers, Sure, AKG to the less expensive Berringer B2 Pro and Sony. I spent over 8 years in professional radio and 30 plus years doing voice over recording and sound mixing, so I have heard and used all types of mics and I have to rate the Blue Yeti at the top of my list for many reasons. First is sound quality, all the patterns have a smooth, open sound, the cardioid pattern has added richness for voice over work, comparable dare I say to a Sennheiser or Sure. The sound in all the patterns was not colored or muted at any frequency level, which what is I was expecting in the stereo mode, but in that pattern, voices sound great and an acoustic guitar sounded rich, plucky and natural. Next is the construction of the mic and stand, from the pictures I was expecting plastic, nope, it is made of very solid metal , except the buttons and switches. Third is the versatility, you can record almost anything in any type of circumstance not just adequately, but with excellence, try that with a $2,000.00 Neumann! The set up could not be easier, just plug it into your USB jack and let her rip. I only paid $100.00 on Amazon,a true bargain, for what is a top notch piece of gear, where the engineers of this product really took their time to design something of real quality and looks like a piece of art. The Yeti also stands up to audio processing, where I have to say all of the other mics I have used for under $200.00 show their weaknesses. The only thing I would like to see is a shock mount made for this mic, it is just too big for all of my other mounts, but the Yeti does not seem to pick up as much vibration from the table as other mics do (I also use a slab of 1/4\" neoprene padding to absorb some table shock), and the Yeti has no real audible self noise. If you want a great microphone at an incredible price, the Blue Yeti is the one for you!Addendum 9-30-2011My complaint about the shock mount has been resolved, with the Blue Radius, which I received a week ago from Amazon, which I love. Makes this great, and I mean great microphone even better. I have done side by side comparisons to the Neumann U87, the Sennhieser D421, the Lawson L47, all top notch and very expensive studio mics. The Yeti sounds as good. Of course you have to learn how to work a microphone properly to get the right sound. I cringe at some YouTube demos of this mic, some of the folks are not using this, and I'm sure other mike's correctly to get the best sound. Also the more I use the Yeti, the more seasoned it becomes, in comparison recordings done a year ago, the Yeti seems to get a smoother sound, as time goes by."
This microphone in just a few words IS AWESOME.  The sound recorded by this device in all modes left nothing to be desired for me.  I use this mic for voice over work that gets added to videos playing in major hotel rooms.  Superior mic!"
This was an excellent purchase.  Beside having a great range of audio pick-up, the mic is so versatile.  Great product!"
Eveyhing arrived in a timely fashion, worked perfectly out of the box, and has been used several times to record choirs and piano. The sound is clear and well-balanced and the microphone picks up sound very well within the range of around 10 feet."
The latest addition to my desktop is the most flexible recording device I've yet found: The Blue Microphones Yeti USB Microphone. Long known for their line of high-end condenser microphones, Blue is increasingly known for their computer-ready USB microphones, like the Snowflake and the Snowball, and the Yeti is their latest and certainly greatest computer-ready microphone yet.Advertised as the first fully THX-compliant (a standard devised by Lucasfilms) microphone,  the Yeti is a large (12\" tall on its removable stand), hefty, multi-pattern microphone suitable for recording, podcasting, or any other computer-related audio activity. It features four switchable patterns- omni, carodid, figure eight, and stereo- a built in headphone amplifier, gain control, headpohone volume, and a mute button. For even more flexibility you can remove it from its desk stand and mount it on a standard 5/8\"microphone stand or boom.And it sounds great, too- even better than their well-regarded Snowball series. I've been using it for recording music practice, building tracks with Audacity on my Windows and linux boxes, and with Apple's GarageBand, and making calls with Skype. The ability to record in full stereo or mono is a real plus. Up to now I've been using a variety of microphones together with various microphone preamps and an A/D converters- a mass of cables and power supplies that bad enough on the desk, but a real hassle when trying to use with a laptop away from home. The Yeti has it all in one package. It may not sound quite as good as a multi-thousand dollar condenser microphone and vacuum tube preamp, but for the money it simply can't be beat."
Yes, you can make perfectly good pod casts and voice overs with this. Trick: treat your room with sound deadening."
I was looking for an affordable mic enabling me to make announcements from a home computer that would approximate, if not be indistinguishable from, the audio quality of the heavy-duty Shure microphones used at WGTD FM HD.  All the mics that I had previously tried at this price point and lower, including Blue's \"Snow\" line, sounded overly treblish, with pronounced sibilance (listen to the comparison-contrast provided by the first reviewer in his video demonstration).  By contrast, the Yeti is rich and resonant, and its sensitivity permits using it without benefit of a pop filter.  Short of spending 4-5 times more, I'm convinced this is the best option in my particular case.At the same time, as a musician without a home studio I seriously doubt I'll make much use of the mic for performance or recording.  As far as performance goes, the very size and conspicuousness of the unit could compromise presentation, upstaging the performer (at least a vocalist with a normal-sized head).  And for traveling purposes, I've found the Sansom Go mic to be the best fit with a laptop computer (even though Blue's literature shows the Yeti alongside a laptop).Blue appears to be trying to have it all ways with this product.  Its size and weight are likely to attract buyers as well as provoke reservations--perhaps leading some purchasers to complement what strikes me as a home studio mic with one or more of Blue's lighter, more compact microphones.  Its onboard amplifier and circuitry are convenient and permit unprecedented versatility.  But as other reviewers have mentioned, the volume, gain, and pattern knobs are rather loose, allowing for lateral and vertical as well as the expected rotating movement.  The knobs turn effortlessly but not with the ball-bearing smoothness one might associate with ultra expensive professional equipment. There's the slightest hint of resistance at one point in the gain control's circular movement, but it's not at the 12 o'clock position, so it's difficult to say whether or not the knob is intended to have a mid-point for quick and easy assessment of positioning.In sum, the Yeti should please anyone who wants to broadcast or record a fuller and richer sound than that previously attainable with comparably-priced mics, and it should prove a useful (not to mention handsome) addition to any home studio.  It's still a bit early to make any pronouncements about the worthiness of this imposing metal humanoid as a road warrior.  It's main competitor on Amazon--the Audio Technica AT2020--is pint-sized compared to the Yeti, and I'll confess I'm still not sure whether I made the best choice (the 2 mics have been alternating in the 1 and 2 slots of best-selling mics on Amazon for 3 months now).  I wish there were some direct reviewer comparisons to indicate whether the AT's relative compactness and light weight come at a compromise--however slight--to audio quality.[I experienced initial hesitancy on Yeti's part to make an appearance in the Input and Output panels (in System Preferences) of my iMac. Then I read the instructions, which discourage plugging the mic into a hub. Plugged directly into a USB port on my computer, Yeti immediately sprang into action. My hunch is that a good, powered 4-port hub would be equally effective.]"
This is the best USB microphone out for under $100 bucks.It's a shame that its been out for a few years now, and there has been no one else to try and make a microphone that has the sound quality of this one.  I love its sensitivity and it adds very little color to the recording.  The sound rejection from the cardioid pattern is very good as I have this fairly close to my computer in my office and I can't hear the computer in my recordings.I haven't used this microphone with instruments, as I am using it primarily for recording voice overs for video, and it sounds great.The only thing you have to do it plug it in, and go.  You need no additional drivers to run this microphone in Windows 7. I did have to restart my machine for my video editing software to see the microphone, but it worked perfectly after that.I just wish that there was an option to skip the stand and just get a shock-mount - YETI combo pack, as I have mounted it on a shock mounted stand attached to my desk and haven't used the base that much since arriving at that setup.If you are in the market for an excellent USB microphone,  look no further, you can't get anything better than this for under $100 bucks.  Just make sure you get a pop filter for it, and Yes the BLUE Pop Filter will work with this microphone despite all of the negative reviews that it doesn't.  Just check out my review video for the Blue Pop.Blue Microphones The Pop Universal Pop Filter"
This is a good quality microphone. The sound quality is good in the various modes, although I have used it primarily in cardioid and stereo modes. It's easy to set up. Under Windows 7, all I had to do is plug it in. The instruction manual hasn't been updated in years and gives instructions for Windows Vista and XP. The instructions for Vista are mostly accurate for Windows 7, but I found that the default settings are better than the recommended settings in the instructions. Also there is no driver supplied by the company. The Microsoft driver will work fine, and there might not be a sonic advantage to making their own driver. But it means that there is no custom control panel and you have to use the more obscure Windows ones. Also the icon for the microphone doesn't match the product, which isn't really a big deal. It's just a matter of attention to detail. The instruction manual is in English and French, but the warranty information is in French in both places. They both say there is a two year warranty and give a phone number in the Los Angeles area. There's a copy of the actual warranty on their website, although it does have terms that violate US law so I have no idea how they handle actual warranty issues.The only real negative I experienced when setting up was that it interfered with my keyboard. I'm using a fairly standard Logitech wireless keyboard, and it experienced a lag, and not all letters showed up when I typed. I unplugged the USB cable for the microphone and things went back to normal. Repeating the process yielded identical results. After rebooting the computer, the problem went away. Hopefully there won't be long term issues.The bottom line is that not a single problem related to the quality of the microphone itself, which works well, is very clear, and is extremely sensitive. It will pick up a whisper from 15 feet away with the same clarity as if I were sitting two feet in front of it. That's with volume settings that work clearly when I really am two feet in front of it. The down side is that it will pick up every stray sound from letting your hand rub your shirt to letting your feet rub the carpet. But those are practical considerations rather than limitations or faults of the microphone itself."
So, there are some people who review this as superb, with no noise and just the best thing ever. To be honest, I have no idea where this is coming from. I do get a good amount of noise (static buzz) that makes it difficult to use it when playing your guitar in a more quiet mode. Also, the sustain is not as good as I thought it would be and I had to do a lot of fine-tuning with my amp to find a satisfying setting (works best with some additional reverb setting).That said, for the price, it is pretty good. I do not understand why some folks are all upset about the plastic. It is what it is, a rather inexpensive compressor that does a pretty good job for that price."
In case you were wondering, this is a clone of the Boss compressor/sustainer.  It does a very good job reproducing the original at a fraction of the cost.  You add noise to your chain with any compressor because that's what they do- they elevate quiet signal and minimize volume spikes to even it all out.  When it is off, this thing had pretty decent bypass but I would not string an entire board together with pedals that are not true bypass because it would suck tone.  The box is plastic, but it is solid ABS plastic and is perfectly adequate.  I've not yet heard of a Behringer stomp box failing because the plastic box crushed when someone stepped on it.  People do like to complain about the battery cover being annoying and I have to say- aren't they all??? Seriously- when you can hook up a daisy chain and not ever have to deal with a dead battery ever again in your life, what are you complaining about?  The knobs are solid, and work just fine.  I own like a dozen of these cheap Behringer pedals and I have never had a problem with any of them.  You get more than the asking price worth of function out of this box."
I bought this pedal mainly for compressing the bass guitar in my home studio. It does what it is supposed to. I'm no master of compression, but I get a very usable, controlled signal from it. I noticed some hum when I turned the level up pretty high and that should be expected. I paid less than $30 for this pedal and that should be a factor when you're considering durability of this pedal.My bass player uses this pedal going into an SVT classic. No noticeable hum at &#34;concert&#34; level.Yes, this pedal is made of high strength plastic. If you are an angry stomper, go elsewhere. This pedal will not survive your overzealous foot.Battery changing... Yes, it's a pain in the butt. Two pens are required to push in the hinge pins to release the battery cover (the footswitch, itself). I bought a power supply, never looked back.So if you are on a budget, or NOT one of the lucky ones with an endorsement deal with a boutique pedal co., This should do well for you."
This Behringer compressor sustainer compare's to the Boss CS-2 the behringer sustaining is excellent and a tone, compression level is very good and all for $25.00 , not putting down the Boss, but for this price you can't go wrong."
This is a clone of the boss compressor and works just as well as far as I have been able to tell as the original. being the owner of both I would have to say if you're not too stuck up about brands then I would go with this if you like the boss cs3 but many people say that bosses compressor is not that good I know some compressors do seem to be a little more natural sounding however that is just preference it does what it needs to chicken picking or just crispening up your sound its plastic but nothing is unbreakable so use some sense don't hit it with a hammer or JUMP on it and you'll not break it I've had no problems with behringer but heard great things. The cost is so low anyhow so who cares anyhow."
The title says it all.  Great performance, sub par construction.  I bought this pedal for the compression and sustain, though, and am very pleased.  I use it for both bass and guitar, and it processes the signals well.  I am sure it would work well for other instruments or on recordings also.  Cheaply made, though.  I removed a spring that was seemingly attached to nothing inside the unit.  The removal stopped a terrible clicking noise that would have been audible from the stage floor.  Plastic encasement means the unit will likely suffer noticeable wear and tear throughout its lifetime.  Wish it was better made.  Audio reproduction is great!"
More likely known as a guitar compensation device, the effect itself it widely used in everything. I have couple few behringer pedals, some complain about plastic housings but a) I don't beat my gear and b) plastic doesn't get rust and corrosion. The build on behringer are tough and fine to me, and the prices make them attainable to all players. The only thing I say negative is all that battery junk inherent to all pedals, gotta spring for power supply plug, if not now, eventually because it'll drive you nuts.Compressor is inherent to quack and pop of chickinpickin and country stuff you just can't not have if that's your thing. The sustainer is just that adds sustain to any guitar regardless of build, so even a cheap one can ring like the best.So you got both in one, tailoring will add life to even a dull axe.  Some put down effects for whatever reason but this one likely adds tones that you can't do without once you find em."
I've been trying to get a specific sound for quite a while now. This pedal completed that task. It's hard to describe the sound that this pedal provides but it is perfect. Very punchy and crisp. You can't go wrong with Behringer pedals. They are plastic though, so they might not hold up under heavy road use, but for home studios they are perfect. Highly recommended."
Noisy as any compressor but after using it I don't wanna go back to not having one for my setup."
There's not much to be said about this pedal: it just works. It's my fourth cheapy Behringer pedal and I have been pleased with every one of them. This pedal is great for tweaking your sound to get it juuuust right. I play punk, blues, and country, and this pedal helps me obtain the entire range of sounds necessary for my various styles. Even on a cheap amp (upgrading to a Marshall next month), this gets the job done. People who complain about the plastic casing are just looking to whine, imo. It's a good solid plastic that holds up well, and if it drops the price to $20 instead of $50, that just makes Behringer effects more accessible than that other brand."
Behringer pedals are the value leader in effects pedals. I have four of them and my latest is this compressor sustainer. It is very low noise and perfect for acoustic guitar and bass when leading music in a church setting. I've had more expensive pedals over the last 25 years of playing, but it's hard to beat the price features and quality of the Behringer pedals."
A bargain at the offered price.  Gives you virtually unlimited sustain.  It is a good cheap addition to my effects board."
What more can you ask for at roughly $25.00. This is a very useful guitar compressor. It is a simple compressor, that's it. Easy to understand with responsive controls.I use compressors quite a lot. In my PA rack I have a Yamaha rack compressor and an Alesis rack compressor. In my home studio there are compressors in my 24 track DAW and in my computer I have the T-Racks Deluxe mastering software with several VST classic analog compressors like the Pultec as well as VST optical compressors. I only mention these as a way of saying that I am very familiar with compressors and adept at using them. I have a pretty thorough understanding of compression ratios,attack and release points and I have learned to use them sparringly and with care. The Behringer CS400 does a good job as a straight guitar compressor. It is usefull for taming levels from your guitar and boosting your signal which adds punch to the signal presented to your other effects and ultimately to your amp. In recording circles you often hear good engineers say that if they can hear the compressor working, it's not being used correctly. The Behringer CS400 is quiet, almost transparent (unlike the Behringer DC9 I discuss below). Yes, it is plastic but it's fairly well made and unless you are really rough on equipment with a little care it should last a few years. If you are putting it into a pedal board it should last a long time.If money is not a concern go ahead and spend more on a rugged pedal made of metal but expect to pay somewhere around $75-$100.00 and up (Keeley,MXR, Digitech, etc.) Unless you go over $100.00 I don't think there will be a difference in performance and even then it will be subtle. If your signal path aready has hum and static, this pedal will not change that and actually may increase it because that's what compressors do-lower high signals and bring up lower signals for a more uniform sound. If you want to just smooth out your peaks and tighten up your sound with more punch, this little Behringer CS400 will do it.(Behringer also makes another compressor pedal in the same price range the Behringer DC9. It is all metal and attempts to clone the classic MXR pedal. I personally would stay away from this pedal for live use. I bought one and found that although it gives you great sustain it also colors your tone and seems to attenuate your low end quite a bit on the higher compession ratios you need for long sustain. You can dial in more low end on your amp but if you expect to turn the compressor on and off on different songs you will hear a tone difference. I don't use the DC9 when I play live but I like it on my guitar when I record using my VOX VT30 amp. I like it better than the built in compressor on the VT30)."
I was initially wary of this as the cost was relatively low compared to other pedals however when I set it up and plugged it in I was truly amazed.  I now know what I was missing all those years of not having one."
Behringer makes a LOT of electronics for guitar and bass. I have an FCB10 that I use and like, great controller for the price. The CS400 at roughly 20.00 is a decent pedal that will 'get the job done'. Is it equivalent to a Boss, Dynacomp, Visual Sound or Keeley compressor...nope. You will get 20.00 worth of use out of it though for sure. The housing is pretty flimsey and when you change the battery its a PITA. Just don't take a flying leap to stomp on it and battery consumption is really low so with a lot of use you may have to change the battery once or twice a year. Good pedal for the beginner at an unbeatable price point."
Behringer products are good for the semi-pro.Nothing fancy about the compression; most amp emulators have good compression but lack true sustain at low gain/volume.This is good for getting that extra decibel or more of boost to carry those notes longer.Doesn't sound good playing fast.The CS400 shines with the longest lasting sustain you can get in a $25 pedal."
While the case is made of plastic, the construction is solid and seems very durable. My disappointment is with the sound. I never could dial in a sound that made me feel like it enhanced the sound of my bass. It was just different. I've switched to using the built-in compressor in my Digitech BP90 instead."
and nice its like really just wow ! you know ?like awesome and really cool i do i do ido like like love it"
To test I installed one pad and left the original pad on the other side of my 440's. The 840 pad has a larger surface area (see my pics with the old pad on the left in all shots) so I guess that spreads out the pressure over a larger area. But it's really minimal and I did not notice a huge difference pressure wise. The material is nicer/softer than the original so that is a plus. Every so often I would flip the headphones around to see if I could tell anything. The larger pad does cover more of the ear- almost surrounds it. But seriously, if you had me blindfolded I wouldn't bet my life that I always knew which side were which. But in general the large pad and softer material seems to be a better set up. I can't imagine any set of cans actually feeling comfortable to have on for an extended period of time.Sound difference? Yes, one side in my test sounded better I felt... until I switched them around! Just like eyes your two ears are not 100% equal and over time they lose their edge but not at equal rates. I think those who make any kind of big deal out of any significant improvement or degradation in sound might be imagining it. I would have to see some measureable proof to believe that whatever millimeters' worth of difference in how the drivers may sit in relationship to your eardrums affects how the sound waves actually strike them. Wishful thinking or all inside their heads maybe? Notice the contradictory reviews- more bassy, less bassy etc??? It becomes highly subjective and I wouldn't buy or not buy these pads based upon those claims. If you need replacements this is no brainer as a cheap way to keep your expensive headphones alive. If you need more comfort then these may do the trick for you but I'm glad I didn't pay any more for them than I did from Amazon. That's my 2 cents."
Brass Tacks:They are Velour. They fit on the ATH-M50 headphones. That is what I wanted.They are not a perfect fit, as they are MEANT for a slightly larger can, but it's more than snug. Looks good too!(Remember: Because of the material, you WILL notice a slight difference in sound.)"
I got these because they were recommended replacements for the Fostex T50RP.  They fit great and are far more comfortable than the stock pads.  For the price, they are worth it."
I don't own the SRH840s, but rather the SRH440s. It was suggested on forums that these are a good upgrade for the 440s in terms of sound and comfort. I didn't believe the sound part, but I bought them because I at least wanted to replace the cracking old pads on my 440s. When I got them, they easily went on and looked just as good as the originals. They are definitely more comfortable. I don't know what it is, but something about the sound is different and I don't think it's placebo. There seems to be more presence in the bass and clarity in places I wouldn't expect. I highly recommend this upgrade."
I have used these pads on numerous non-Shure headphones like the fostex trp50 and the hifiman he-500 and I have to say that these are by far the best , most inexpensive solution to any headphone they will fit.  They ave made the sound quality better on each headset that I have put them on, and they are softer and more comfortable than any other replacement pads I have tried in the price range,  Highly recommended!"
It's tough to shell $85+ for a pedal that is not an effect, but now that I've had it for a few weeks I'm glad I bought it. Although my guitars pretty much stay in tune, warmer weather and humidity levels affect my guitars and they change a little while I'm playing them. The Boss TU-3 is bright and easy to read and keeps me it tune all the time. When you play in a band, you got to have a pedal tuner and you can't go wrong with Boss."
I wanted an upgrade to my TU-2, which I had for years. This TU-3 is easier to see, and is more precise in it's tunings. I recommend it!"
I have this tuner attached to my pedal board and it is fantastic. There are tons of settings and the LEDs are nice and bright for dark stages or bright outdoor venues.Highly recommended"
As with all Boss products, I've been very happy. The tuner is easy to use ... need I say more. I'm from the olden days of the 440 tuning fork for tuning, so this is GREAT!"
I've owned many tuners through the years and I keep coming back to this one. buffer mutes when you play and the quality is great for this price point"
I know spending this kind of money on a pedal that doesn't even add an effect to your tone sounds pretty crazy, but this is definitely worth it. If you think about it, when your guitar is out of tune, it doesn't matter how perfect every aspect of your playing, equipment, and set-up is; you will still sound bad. So, in a way, this is the most important pedal you can have.This pedal works great as a tuner and very vividly displays how far off you are from being in tune. Works great as a mute switch too, just one click and you've got no sound - perfect for switching guitars and/or just muting all sound.The design is quite sturdy as well, it feels very solid. I definitely recommend this pedal."
It works well 95% of the time but sometimes has a problem with the G string for me. I use it in tandem with a snark tuner and together they're fail safe. (the snark tuner will also get buggy once in a while but together it's so statistically unlikely that I don't worry about it)The stomp tuner also has the benefit of being able to hault the signal, hence why I wouldn't just use a snark tuner."
The title pretty much says it all. This is such a simple, great tuner. The streaming light effect is extremely cool yet totally practical! Great deal."
This thing works great!I play out live in clubs and this device is indispensable. Accurate and quick - great for between song quick tuning.It's a Boss pedal - so it is rugged and reliable.I have seen this pedal on the pedal boards of top touring pros, recording artists and session musicians in and around the Dallas and North Texas area. I play locally and regionally in North Texas and see this pedal on almost EVERY guitarist and bassist's boards every night.Great product - well made - worth every penny.** UPDATE **After using this tuner for a month I can say that I made the right decision.Fantastic product that every guitar player needs - period.** ** ** ** ** ** *EDIT 10-23-2012I have purchased another one of these tuners for an alternate pedal board.These really are the best tuners out there - you should get one today!There is no comparison to anything else out there - nothing - I have looked!"
I really enjoyed this tuner, extremely fast an accurate at tracking you. I've been surching for a decent tuner for about a few months now and I've demoed the pitchblack and the planet waves tuner, all never could track me as well as the TU-3 could! What I mean by tracking me, I'm talking about how fast it can respond to me changing the pitch. Its a great tuner, a little pricy, but worth it in the long run... I was even surprised they included a battery!"
It works, and it works well.  It easily cuts guitar strings, ukulele strings, etc.  No damage to blades when cutting  heavy to light gauge steel strings.  If you change your own strings, this cutter is a must have.  It is very durable, the material is made of high quality metal, and it makes clean cuts.  The rubber grips are comfortable to use, and have red accents (and therefore easy to find).My only minor gripe is that it is spring-loaded to open.  I've cut myself with the blades reaching into the pocket a few times when I first got it.  Thankfully I don't change strings too often.  I also made a little leather pouch for the clipper end, and I put a rubber band around the handles to keep it closed.A must-have for your guitar/bass/ukulele bag.  Highly recommended."
As is the case with all tools, you really do get what you pay for with this string cutter.  It's extremely well-built, and performs its task very well.Pros:- Extremely high quality metal- Comfortable rubber grips- Red accent handle makes it easy to find in a bag-of-tricks- Effortlessly cuts even stainless steel bass stringsCons:- Has no ability to lock the cutter closed for storage; the tool is spring-loaded to open.  While this may be a plus for some people, I find it less than ideal.Overall, this is an extremely well-made tool for your guitar kit.  If you're a bassist that likes stainless steel strings, you'll appreciate how they cut like butter."
This cuts strings with no problems. It doesn't take a lot of pressure to squeeze the handles and it doesn't damage the cutting blades like some wire cutters.Highly recommended for frequent string changes."
Good cutter for guitar strings and will take care of most electrical wire sizes too. Handel is very comfortable too."
While this is a simple string cutter (something one can buy about anywhere), it is made well and is of excellent quality. Anyone changing strings on a guitar needs one this tool. It is easy to hold and is a good product."
At first it seemed stupid to buy wire cutters just for guitar strings, but these do work extremely well.  They seem to be very high quality and easily clip guitar strings right to the tuner post.I do agree with the other user who pointed out the fact that they're spring loaded open with no mechanism to keep them closed.  That does make storing them a little akward, but again, I think this is the best product out there if you change your own strings.PS - If you are using scissors to clip strings ends, you are crazy - buy these things..."
I had done a fair amount of research on banjos before I bought this. It has many of the same components of a more expensive banjo and plays very well. Yes there many banjos and some with more frills. There is no indication of where this banjo was made, but the quality is top notch. I am a woodworker and judge workmanship closely. I see no flaws on my banjo. I did not have the problem with the 5th string machine being to tight as others. I bought mine from [...], the same place it ships if you buy it at Amazon best was 10 bucks cheaper with free shipping. If I could give it more than 5 stars I would. I can play a guitar and learning a few banjo chords was easy. I also have very large hands with chubby fingers and was worried about it having a small neck, that is not a issue either. While I am expert on banjo I would gladly buy another and see no reason to spend more money at this point and probably not later on either. A keeper for sure."
So, I ordered this to learn to play the banjo, because of the price and good reviews. It was delivered yesterday, and the first thing I noticed was that the neck was loose, and the strings were easily an inch or more off the fret board. I looked to make sure it wasn't warped or cracked, and it wasn't.So I scoured the internet to find my problem, and most results said to tighten the metal rod in the banjo pot. So I took the resonator off, and found that it had an inch gap between the neck and the body, and naturally that scared me, but I tightened the metal rod, and it brought the neck down to the body, and brought the strings down to the perfect height.Now it's a very beautiful instrument, and it sounds pretty good too, Granted, It's not a Gold Tone or what have you, But it sounds at-least like a banjo that costs 2-3x this much. The only thing I would change is the tuning pegs, as they are made out of a cheap plastic, they don't feel like they will break any time soon though, I just prefer metal tuning pegs. (the part that holds the strings is still metal, I'm talking about the things your turn with your fingers to tune it is plastic)So, I'm debating on rating it 4 stars or 5 stars.. I'd rate it 4 because of the scare it gave me at first, but I think I'll rate it 5 stars because of it's looks, sound, and price. Yes, the reviews are right guys, don't be skeptical, But be warned that you may have to do a little TLC on it, as I did with the neck. No worries though, Now I'm learning my new favorite instrument. (Also, the strings that came on it are pretty decent, but new strings sound a bit better)"
My banjo arrived a couple days after I ordered it. It tuned up very easily, and for me it holds tune nicely. It has a good ring to it. So far I have only had to replace one string, but that was most probably due to inadvertently letting it sit in front of a forced air heating vent."
&#34;Quality of this banjo exceeded my expectations. Great beginner banjo with quality components at a fair price. Sounds good and the action is smooth.&#34;"
I PURCHESED THIS BANJO FOR MY PERSONAL HOBY AND IT TURNED OUT TO BE A BEAUTIFUL INSTRAMENT THE QUALITY IS GREAT AND THE Playability IS GREAT ALSO, I AM A GUITAR PLAYER FOR OVER 35 YEARS AND I KNOW QUALITY WHEN I SEE IT. FOR THE MONEY YOU CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE I WOULD RECOMEND THIS BANGJO FOR BEGINNERS, OR JUST ONY ONE WHO PLAYS JOHN R"
BOY, WAS I SURPRISED AND PLEASED WHEN THE BANJO ARRIVED AND I TOOK MY FIRST LOOK AT MY NEW PURCHASE!  THE INSTRUMENT IS FAR SUPERIOR THAN I WOULD HAVE IMAGINED FOR THE PRICE I PAID FOR IT.THE WORKMANSHIP AND QUALITY OF THE FINISH IS REALLY FINE.  I .RECOMMEND IT WITHOUT HESITATION TO ANYONE WHO WANTS GOOD VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY.  THE PACKAGE WAS REALLY WELL DON E AND ARRIVED IN GOOD TIME.  I HAVEN'T LEARNED TO PLAY THE BANJO YET, BUT HAVE PLAYED UKULELES, GUITAR, TIPPLE, AND LUTE SO I KNOW A GOOD INSTRUMENT WHEN I SEE IT.."
great value, good quality and sound. Very pleased with this purchase!  High value for low $$ risk. You will not be disappointed."
I bought this not knowing what to expect. It sounds just like I hear on tv and it sounds great."
I was disturbed with the price of banjos, until I did some research on the construction of them.  They're not something a regular craftsperson can put together without some serious experience.  At least, they wouldn't be able to put together a quality banjo.  But Jameson Guitars had put together a great banjo and an incredibly fair price.The tuning holds well and the instrument sounds great. I'm a guitar player and I'm excited to explore the different sounds I will be able to get out of this banjo.  It's also very good looking.  I love the neck and the back.  Even the drum.  Quality work was put into this thing.  I'm quite pleased.Now, I just need to get used to playing with 5 strings! :)"
I have been online shopping banjos quite... extensively.  Ebay, Amazon, 3 dozen+ online shops, reviews from multitude of sources, investigating manufacturer home sites, etc.  I did the same for this banjo, and although there is actually very little out there about this particular banjo, I still felt very comfortable with what little I put together information wise.  And frankly, at this price, it gets my warmest recommendation for those on a tight budget (sometimes, you just can't afford 400+ dollars for a mainstream name beginner brand).  Additionally, mine came very well setup from the seller (aside from the inevitable tuning).  And its purty too!  I would also deeply recommendSnark SN-2 All Instrument Clip-On Chromatic Tuner... absolutely the best tuner I have ever used and makes the various banjo-tuning schemes a breeze.Be aware, in order to avoid possible confusion, Jameson Guitars is actually a sub-brand of Davison Guitars, so if you order and look at your peg-head and it says Davison (like mine does) and not R.W. Jameson, its the same maker (yes, I examined Davison's home site as well as the Amazon Seller's)."
This pedal is very exactly and had a tune all the string quickly. It was a good purchase. I recomend it."
Actually i was planning to buy the Boss TU-2 or Boss TU-3 and i found this one, just with 2 mins reading the specification i knew this one is superior in all aspects.SHOULD GET THIS ONE.best 90$ i have ever spend."
I wrote a nasty review of this tuner a while back, blasting its performance compared to its competitors: the Korg Pitch Black and the Boss TU-3. I still own at least of each.Anyway, I have had this tuner for a few years now. Stock this tuner was awful. While attractive and compact, in single note tuning, the needle was not as fast and stable as its competitors, and the polyphonic mode wasn't accurate enough either. Moreover, the display isn't as visible as a Pitch Black or TU-3 in the sunlight. So while this tuner is great if you want something that looks nice and doesn't take up space on the pedal board, stock it just wasn't a truly great tuner.However, that was before a firmware update. After applying the latest updates, the tuner has become very usable. The polyphonic mode is still not quite good enough to rely on 100%, but the single note mode seems just as accurate as any other tuner in its price range now. So now you have a small, attractive tuner w/ true bypass that actually works. So I have changed the review from 2 to 5 stars. Also, given that the price has dropped sharply since I bought the tuner, now it is a much better bang for the buck.So yeah, buy this product with confidence, but if you have purchased it used or if you have an old PolyTune, make sure that the firmware is up to date. Without the update, this tuner was borderline terrible. With the update, it's good enough to be the tuner on my primary stage pedalboard. And in fact, it is, and it has held up to regular practices and gigs."
I found this to be very inaccurate but only on a few strings, so adjustment is not possible. I bought this because of the newer features & I like the strum & see which strings were out function but what good are nice features if the main function of the tuner is inaccurate! It's not a bad tuner, seems well built but unless you play so poorly or loud that tuning precision doesn't matter I'd go with the Korg Pitch Black (which is what I was using in my home studio - well back to what worked!)"
Cool tuner, I have this on my pedal board and it works really well, very easy to seeand is true bypass which is nice when it isn't on...."
I bought this pedal after looking at the Boss TU-3 and Korg Pitch Black for bass. This pedal won over the mini version because of the bass mode. Strumming all 4 or 5 strings works well for a quick tune, but I still use the chromatic function to get an exact tune. The accuracy is impressive and this pedal even worked well with the low B.I read all over bass forums and reviews of the tuner and thought to try it out. TC electronics seems to spend alot of time advertising its products in bass mags and online and some of their products are greatly overhyped IMO, but this pedal and the reviews speak for themselves.I was able to tune an electric acoustic guitar in seconds using the sweep option and even tried a cigar box guitar reading just the AD&G; strings and it worked okay.The pedal is easy to use and switching between tuning modes is a breeze. I chose to keep the clear film over the display for now to preserve the display as long as I can. I tested this sweep option on an old Ibanez artcore guitar which hasn't been played for years and even with old strings, I got a reasonable tune out of it.Strumming all strings at once seems to work better with a guitar more than a bass, but many reviews in bass mags and online also point this out although it works for a quick tune.I am happy with the pedal and hope it lasts as long as my old Boss TU-2. I feel it has changed my tuning needs into a breeze."
I like the pedal.  It's totally silent, very bright display, sensitive meter.  In fact, the only complaint I have is that the strum-every-string-at-once thing isn't as useful as you might think.  Not that I ever use it.  I'd buy this product again if I had it to do over again."
This is a great little tuner for guitar. Love the fact i can tune all 6 strings at the same time"
Wow, I'm really impressed with this tuner.  Strumming the strings gives you a quick overview of which strings are out of tune and as you tune each string it automatically switches to a chromatic mode.  It's quick, it's accurate, and it just works......WELL!!!"
This tuner is wonderful. You can tune all strings in same time. It's halpfull in stage, because you don't need to test each string individually."
I like the tuner and I'm definitely keeping it, but the \"polyphonic\" aspect of it is pretty useless. When you tune using the needle (or LED version of a needle), it will show each string as being in tune. Then when you strum and use the polyphonic mode, it often shows some strings are out! And that's even when I use the neck pick up and strum with my thumb, as the manual says to do. But the tuner works great in the single string mode, and I also like the drop D setting and the easy way to switch between the 2 modes. It also has very cool and easy ways to adjust the 440 Hz pitch, and it is very easy to switch to Eb tunings and other settings. I also like the LED lights and the automatic brightness setting. That is a very cool feature for those folks who still use batteries to power their pedals. The tuner works great, and that is its saving grace after a kinda gimmicky sales pitch regarding the polyphonic setting. So buy it, but do it because the price is right and it works great as a tuner in the traditional sense, not because of the polyphonic gimmick. (August 2013 edit as follows) I just found out a feature of this pedal that I definitely do NOT like!! I dislike it so much, I had to edit my review. I wanted to hear how some of my licks sounded in E flat. So I set the tuner to the E flat setting as explained in the manual, then I tried to tune. All the strings kept showing that they were still in standard tuning. It seems as if my drop settings on the tuner were not functioning. I wrote the manufacturer (they did get back to me quickly) and they explained that the drop tuning functions ONLY WORK in polytune mode!! So if you're like me, and you find that polytune doesn't work very well, then basically all this is is a standard needle chromatic tuner that will not tune in any other drop modes! LAME!!"
I finally purchased this in line tuner to replace my hand held cheap tuner. This thing is way more accurate than my old tuner and because it is true bypass it doesn't suck any of your tone. I haven't used the battery pack, so don't know about battery life. I use a one-spot plug to power it. Another nice feature is you can set it to turn off the volume when in use or leave volume on. It's very heavy and seems sturdy and well built. The display is a little confusing at first, but once I read the manual it makes good sense and is easy to use."
Being a studio owner I didn't buy this for stage work. Being a player of multiple stringed instruments for decades I've had many different tuners including real strobes. So when I picked this up about 8 months ago it was because I needed one where I was at and right now.I don't know about the +/- .1% accuracy but the pegs and my ear tell me it's quite accurate, enough that I can find notes up and down the neck that are slightest bit out of tune when using it. By using a transformer adapter and a stage mic it also works very well for acoustic instruments.I'm still using the replacement battery I put in about 6 months ago but I just use it and unplug. It's travelled with me a few times and airport security finds it an interesting thing for me to have in a carry on but it almost seems durable enough to drop from 35,000 feet and continue working.I was shocked by how well it works. I was shocked by the fact that I could spend so little and get a real tuner and not a device that gets you close. Highly recommended."
I normally tune to drop f on my 8 string, but even in standard, I just cant stand the strobe, and theres no other mode. I ordered a pitch black for $70. Im still waiting on the return for this."
It performs ok, although it takes a learning curve getting used to the strobe dial.  I found it too difficult to see from my pedal board, (I am over 60, so eyes ain't what they used to be!).I was also disappointed to find there was no power plug, just battery.  Adding a 1 Spot power proved difficult as the only way to run the battery adapter is along the side where the pedal is pushed.  I fixed problem by taking my Dremmel and grinding a groove just big enough for wires to be unobstructed.For the above reasons, I have elected to use this as my work bench tuner for guitar set up and have gone to the Ashdown Engineering tuner for my pedal board."
As a musician for over four decades I've owned a number of tuners as the technology progressed.  My primary instrument is electric bass.  This is the finest piece of equipment I've ever purchased and used, and it has helped me solve a 'mysterious' tuning phenomenon all players apparently face without knowing it.  I'll explain.  But first, some details about the tuner....:  it's construction is extremely solid, and it's heft gives it stability.  When you place it on a surface (top of your amp, floor, your knee.... it stays there!).  Secondly, the large backlit display is very easy to read in all lighting conditions,...no guessing.  And thirdly, it is extremely sensitive and accurate, which brings me to my explanation of the 'mysterious tuning phenomenon.  At issue is the inability of inexpensive tuners to properly identify frequencies/tones when setting string intonation at the octave fret.  I've been using $25 to $40 tuners (Boss, Korg, etc) over the past few years that would indicate a string is in tune, both for open string and octave.  But, when simultaneously plucking an 'F' note on the 'A' string, and an 'F' note high up on the 'G' string my ear would percieve that they just weren't in tune....the cycles weren't matching.  So, that meant my inexpensive tuner wasn't nearly discriminating enough.  Once I began using this strobe tuner, it clearly showed me (with proper accuracy) graphically what my ear was trying to tell me.  After setting intonation according to the strobe tuner my bass now 'performs' as it should through the range of notes/frets over the length of the neck.  I guess another way of explaining it would be to say that it's like having a GPS that is accurate enough to get you to the right neighborhood, versus one that can get you to the right house.  For the money, I feel I've done myself a good turn by purchasing this strobe tuner.  I'm satisfied.  I still keep one of my inexpensive tuners in my guitar case as it has a built in microphone and can be used by an accoustic guitar player if I'm jamming with somebody.  This strobe tuner is 'cable input' only....no mic, runs on a 9v battery with connectors for a power supply (sold separately).  My only 'complaint' with this device is the battery connector.  It's the typical type that 'plugs' in to the top of your 9v battery with two wires leading to the internals.  I hate them as a rule.  I would prefer solid contact points and a compartment where you would simply insert the battery, just like inserting any other battery type (AA, AAA, C, etc)."
I got this at a great price so decided to give a strobe tuner a try. If you're accustomed to vibration tuners it takes some getting used to it. While it may technically be more accurate than the cheaper vibration tuners, this advantage is of limited use given that the tuning of guitars still has to have some compromise from perfect in order to be well intonated. One advantage over the clip on tuners (by the way, you can't beat Snarks for the price) is that because it is electronically connected to the guitar it is not affected but other instruments that may be playing at the same time. I've noticed that while trying to tune when playing live by clip on tuner seemed to get &#34;confused&#34; by other instruments."
Every issue I had was ironed out by Mackie support.They are seriously fabulous.I'm using this for a simple weigh station between my DAW and my Tascam 16 track.So far, no problems at all."
I have been using this since the day it arrived, it was very easy to setup although windows 8 reads the device as a speaker so the USB does not work for me that way.  It has a great sound and I am very pleased with it."
I first bought the Yamaha MG102c mixer, but it arrived defective so I returned and bought this instead.First impression of ProFX8 is very good.  It's a lot more durable/heavy than the mg102c, and the knobs are constructed much better.For example, all the knobs that have centering dent on MG102c doesn't line up well, some are off by a few degrees.  But on this ProFX8 every dented knob line up beautifully pointing up.  Knob turning pressure is also consistent and firm.Really like the EQ on the Main output.  As well as mute on every channel.  Build-in FX effects are okay, you have to turn fx knob all the way up to feel anything.When using USB to do recording (with Audacity) there is noticeable buzz sound along side any recording, regardless if microphone channel is turned off or not.Microphone preamp is so-so I guess.  I have a AKG d5 and SM58, with both mics I have to turn gain and channel volume to 90% to get a decent output.But it does the function perfectly.  Runs a little bit on the hot side.  Power cable is kinda short, so you may want to look for a longer one."
I could not be happier... Excellent sound, easy controls, very responsive and is better than advertised.  The effects are excellent, and feel and quality of parts are wonderful.  Buy it."
By now, you have probably read about the problem with the USB connection generating a high pitch sound during recording making the USB functionality unusable (an Amazon reviewer referred to this as a \"fatal flaw,\" and I heartily agree). I experienced this firsthand, then read folks struggling with the issue on the Mackie support blogs. When I called Mackie support to seek a fix, I was told that the problem was well known and the newer lots had been corrected with new hardware. They sent me a new Mackie Board from the newer lots, and I returned my old one. I have not had any problems with the USB functionality since. I am thankful to Mackie for the great customer service, especially since I addressed the problem after the one year warranty had expired.I'm assuming that purchases made now will not have the problem, but if it does, contact Mackie to get a replacement.At this point, I am still running the board through its paces, but thus far so good."
I was unaware when I originally purchased these that there was a threaded mic mount on the back extension pole. I already had a couple 13\" posi-lok boom arms that I popped on them and was able to reclaim two floor mic stands and save a little bit more floor space. They are fairly well constructed for the price and fit perfectly in my small home studio. The mics are now perfectly positioned and dont get kicked around anymore."
The reason I stopped using amp stands was because I couldn't find anything collapsible and non-bulky. It works very well and is very sturdy ... I use it for a Hot Rod DeLuxe."
The box contained a bag with just the bottom half of the stand. The top section with the mic thread attachment was missing. Sent it back and did not reorder."
I love this stand.  I am really disappointed in the cheap, designed-to-fail, bolt-in hardware used to adjust the telescoping rear leg.I think this stand can last a long time if you don't adjust it much, but how much better would it have been had they designed one of those pressure collars with a flip tab, so you are not limited to the holes drilled into the rear leg?  The other hardware isn't much better.For a $50 (list price) stand, On Stage took the cheap route rather than the quality route.  Well, it's only an On Stage product, not Hercules, K&M;, or Atlas, or Ultimate Support.  Cheap stuff, a budget brand, trying to pass as a name brand.Great idea though, and the price is right at $25 street.  Hopefully a better make will put out something more road-worthy."
This stand rocks!  Literally! I don't even have to play the guitar anymore, it does it for me.Kidding aside, this thing is really nice.  I added the boom stand so I can run an SM57 to the surround of my amp's speaker.  I went ahead and ordered two for another amp, just so I don't have to switch them out.  I have a couple of medium sized amps(2 x 10's in each), so I would highly recommend this stand for amplifiers around the same size.  This may not be so great for smaller amps."
I was honestly skeptical before actually trying it. The specs seemed as if it would support my very heavy, very expensive hand-made 1x12 cabinet and matching head. It seemed the only design that would allow me to tilt back the pair and it absolutely delivered. The upright support in the back extends quite a bit and the protective foam is moveable and can be positioned at just the right location. I am truly impressed and after using this weekend after weekend with a gigging band can soundly recommend this product."
I play guitar and stand behind the vocalists. If this does not bring their voices back to me I can&#8217;t hear especially on some of the female solo pieces. It is big help &#8211; be better if we could eliminate the  buzz it causes in the church&#8217;s sound system."
As a musician I wanted both a PA and an instrument amp, but I also wanted extra inputs and outputs. This has it all. Whether you want to output TO a PA or FROM a PA...... TO your guitar amp or FROM it.....and even play your MP3 player while you play AND sing. If you need more inputs, then just output a mixer to it. The tone controls are nice and the bass you can get is quite amazing for a 5.5\" speaker. Link to a bass amp or sub-woofer and you definitely have full sound. Certainly loud enough for a 1-man-band gig and definitely enough to supply an outdoor party with some music. I know it's a copy of other speaker/amps... but its a Behringer. I think it's a wonderful and adequate Must-Have for any musician."
I like this speaker system, behringer makes good products when it comes to this. The sound is good and loud, you can control the levels and EQ directly from this so no need for a mixer. You can connect an ipod or laptop to it. And there are multiple sound options including phantom, and instrument. I used a female xlr to 1/4 trs cable but I have been told you can also use xlr to xlr, although I did not try it. The price was great and the wattage was nice. I must say, when we have people come over it is easier to hear them sing. With me playing on the piano it is sometimes hard to hear their voices but now it is equal and sounds nice in harmony. I also connected to microphones to it and it distributes the sound very evenly so it sounds good in a duet.UPDATE: I recently bought a guitar and started to use this amp for my electric fender, IT WORKS GREAT! The sound is great, the wattage is good, everything is wonderful. Highly recommend this amp if you want a small amp for your guitar."
Love this thing. It sounds awesome and is built like a tank. It sound as good as $300 to $400 monitors and the music stand mounting is clever. Does everything I want in a personal stage monitor."
I purchased this PA after reading several reviews and was convinced that is was right for me. I like that it is small and can fit right into my backpack. I was using the ION system it just got to be to much to carry around. I go around to different venues and sing. I just started in April after taking vocals for a year. I love it so much I've purchased this and my  own Shure mic. B205D is a powerful speaker system. I love the crisp sound and now I can hear myself sing when I turn up the music. I needed something with EQ on it as well. you really can't go wrong with this PA/monitor. I would have rated a 5 except when I turn it up around 45 degrees it begins to hiss. I'm not sure if this is normal or not. you see I purchased an open box speaker. The outer box packaging was questionable but once opened the PA itself was in prime condition no visible damage and all the materials were packed well. The sound is great.  I'm testing it out at home for now still have some time if I'm not comfortable with the hissing. Hope this helps with your decision."
So I originally got the virtually identical Mackie version of this and it crapped out on me after  a couple of years of easy work. Behringer is typically good at making comparable gear at better prices than most. I use this for my vocal monitor attached to my drum rack. So much more efficient than a floor monitor. I have my own volume and tone settings at my fingertips, and because there is more than one channel, I can run a full main mix into it on one channel and mix in a separate feed from my own pa channel. Very cool to be able to mix down a too loud harmony, or turn myself up a little in my ear without affecting any of the other mix dynamics. Definitely recommend ... Hey you get volume and tone and control of your own space!"
I bought this unit for my son's edrums and because of the inputs (RCA, Mic & Instruments). I plugged my guitar in channel 1, mic in 2 & his edrums on RCA and we're good to go. Not as loud as the 10\" or 12\" speakers of course but for small room this will do. Playing music on RCA channel is also nice but you will need to adjust the EQ to get a good highs and lows. Light weight and very portable."
I play 1-2 nights a week in a midi-assisted duo. Our PA is a pair of Mackie 15\" Thumps (powered) on the floor and Behringer 12\" B212D (powered) on stands with a Mackie board. We adjust the PA to the room by adding or reducing the number of powered speakers. In larger rooms we have a regular pair of floor monitors but in smaller rooms where you are stuck in a corner between the coat rack and the waiters station (you know the spot where they generously removed two small tables) we don't have space for floor monitors. These smaller jobs have become much more common and I needed a compact yet powerful monitor. Since we work with midi sound modules to reproduce the drums, bass and assorted extra instuments, it is very important that we hear these sounds clearly. The Behringer monitors do the job well. T
i just got the 3rd monitor.  great price.  got here in 2 days ....so.  my first 2 units have a very bright blue ish color LED for power.the latest one has a very mellow amber color LED.anyone else noticed different color LED's ?comparing the units, the newest one seems to have a differnt type feel on the impact plasctic shell.weight and sound is the same.i use them for everything from full band to acoustic .  great for vocals and guitar.  as stated by others not much bass response ( but from a 5 in speaker what would you expect).mine have been dropped, wet, hot and never missed a beat."
These are made solid and are very stable.  I knocked it to 4 stars because they don't match up.  The holes in the poles for the safety pin are not at the same interval on each stand so it can look funky."
They are well built and can hold almost any speaker system you throw at them. I have already recommended these to a friend and he bought them. He likes them too."
I bought a set of these from Amazon's warehouse deals page with a discount because of some expected damage. They showed up in pretty good shape though to my surprise!I was expecting some damage to the items, but hoping that between the 2 of them that i would be able to salvage enough to put together one full stand. I bought these because I needed ONLY 1 stand with good height on it for mounting my 32\" LCD Hitachi Flat screen to it. I use this TV in my studio so that everyone can see what's going on when we record and work on music. I needed something that was going to be sturdy and hold the TV high enough that everyone in the studio would be able to see it all the time.Both stands showed up in good and working condition. They go up to about 8' tall and are perfect for mounting speakers onto, although I use it to mount my TV about ceiling height which is about the same weight as my speakers if not more. They work GREAT! I'm going to add some pictures of my creation when i get around to it, give me about a month...."
Great speaker stands, well constructed easy adjustments for different setups.Carry case nice addition.Recieved set of Two stands with case promptly and in perfect condition.Two stands and carry case delivered for the price of one stand at many places,Great Deal!"
Bought two sets. Both arrived together and at the expected delivery date. I had bought two sets of the Pyle Pro PMDK102 months previously which also included a pair of 25ft 1/4\" cabling from an Amazon dealer which arrived without problems. Initially, I noticed only a slight difference in the two models which centered around the way the adjusting clamp allowed for the extension of the center speaker poles. Personally, I think its easier to setup the Pyle Pro PSTK103. Later comparison showed that the PSTK103 is also substantially taller in both the length of the tripod legs and the retracted center speaker pole.However, the way it was packaged severely diminished my opinion on how much the manufacturer really cared about its own products. The paint finish was chipped on several areas of the legs. There were dimples and nicks in several areas of the leg tubing. Why I blame the manufacturer's packaging more so than the way it was handled during shipping is simple ... the tripod legs have multiple connections which protrude from the joints and aside from the use of thin plastic bags to separate the two units laying upside down and side-by-side within the small confines of its included unpadded travel bag within its shipping carton, no other fore-thought of protection to prevent each tripod unit from physically rubbing or banging against one another during transport was afforded. Really, how hard would it have been to just separate the two units within the travel bag with some corrugated cardboard or a strip of expanded foam?!!!On the plus side ... after testing each of the tripod stands ... all seemed to function perfectly well. The units were light yet seemed solid and stable once set up. The price seemed right thought and if the manner of packaging were improved ... I would definitely say that thus far it seems like a great buy. Only time and after some use hereafter will I be able to determine if the unit holds up and is truly a bargain."
I ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated. However, the bag was ripped in 3 places. The stands were both scratched badly with lots of paint missing. The most annoying thing was that they did not match each other. The locking mechanism was different on each stand and they were different heights. The holes in the inner poles were drilled  in different places so in order to use the support pins and have the speakers at the same height, you had to adjust the legs to accommodate the difference in height. They looked like they might be relatively solid but I returned them anyway...bit disappointing."
The bag is simple canvas.  It probably won't protect a steel ball from a marshmallow attack.  However, the stands are sturdy, fully adjustable, and look professional."
Both of the stands had parts that had fallen out, or were missing all together. When the pamphlet that comes with them states that they are fully assembled and guaranteed to be free of defects, this is a major concern. It may be that I got a bad box that got missed by quality control, but it does make me suspicious of Pyle products."
These are your basic speaker stands for PA systems...they're functional, durable, and can be set-up within just a few seconds. I would have given this a higher rating, however upon receipt, one of the stands would not lock into place and kept sliding down regardless of how tight I had set the tension. While inspecting the bag, I found a hard plastic block which looked like it was part of the aluminum tubing of the speaker stand. Further inspection confirmed this as this 'block' was indeed part of the tube, and after several minutes of wrestling with it, I was able to get it lodged back inside. The block was part of the tension &#34;mechanism&#34; and once it was forced back into the tube, the stand(s) performed flawlessly."
It's a great strap. It's comfortable and you can wear it for hours. It looks good as while. I got it earlier then expected and I love it. I would definitely recommend it for anyone from beginner to pro."
this will work for just about everyone...but i prefer the walker williams brand...but these work fine easy to get strap locks on...will keep on the side for next guitar...you shouild be happy. enjoy"
I am very impressed with the quality of this strap for how little I paid.  Nice soft flexible leather, and very adjustable.  I had to lengthen the slit one end to fit over the oversize strap attach fitting on my Fender acoustic electric, but other than that it fit perfect."
I was using a nylon strap before I got this one. I love the feel of this and the fact that its a little wider than my older strap. The leather feels very high quality and the end pieces fit snug on my acoustic guitar and I don't have that worry of it coming loose."
I bought five of these when they were being blown out for like $3 apiece, but even at the normal price they are a bargain.  They are comfortable when used for an extended period of time- even with a heavy Les Paul.  If you play an SG, these will help counter the dreaded 'neck dive' that you get when using a nylon strap with those guitars.  Incidentally, Amazon is selling these straps at about 1/3 the price you would pay at GC.  Highly recommended !"
I can use this strap with either smooth or suede side on my shoulder.Actually I like the smooth side on my shoulder so it is easy to adjust position without pulling on my shirt."
Over the past couple of months I've been replacing guitar straps.  This one seemed ideal for an everyday all-around strap.  And, it would be, but the holes are too tight.  Really a major chore to get over a strap button.  I had to elongate the slits just to force on the strap.  I've probably bought dozens of straps over the past forty-plus years, and I never had this problem until the latest straps I've purchased--so this strap isn't the only one with which I've had an issue.  A tight-fitting strap isn't in itself a problem, except when one needs to take it off!  Yikes!  Otherwise, this is a nice strap.  Oh, I tried the strap on three guitars, just to be sure the first wasn't an anomaly."
Its a little stiff and I'm sure it will soften up upon more use. Cant beat the price! I used this on an acoustic bass and it is plenty long."
My go to strap, be it brown or black,Just plain tool leather, can't beat itTakes sweat and breaks in great, always well made."
When you need a no-nonsense leather strap that is not long, consider this. If you need something fancy, or want to sling your guitar low, or if you are a tall person, probably you want to skip this.I'm 5ft 8\" and I'm already using the longest setting with my acoustic that has a strap button on the heel of the neck as well as the end pin, and it's not like I'm trying to hold my guitar particularly low. If you are a tall person, or if you want to mimic Jimmy Page's posture or something, this is not for you.Apart from that, I have to say that the cost performance of this thing is really impressive (it's more so if I believe the \"made in Canada\" sticker on it). Hard to beat it as far as leather straps go. At 2.5 inches wide, it's comfortable, one-ply leather is reasonably pliable yet seems to be thick enough, and the looks of it is not that bad either. Sure, there should be nicer/better product, but you cannot buy them for 12 bucks.The only complaint I have is that a sticker that left some sticky residue was on the back side of the strap. Though it was not a big deal to remove the residue using rubbing alcohol and some  elbow grease, it would have been nice if I was able to use it without any extra work without worrying about some gummy sticky thing rubbed on the guitar."
great leather strap  nice color well made strong and feels comfortable smooth, it wont dig in Ur shoulder like some other straps out there,,, and u can adjust it ,, i adjust mines and cut the unnecessary material,, can am lee and tall so i have no gut to have to need extra strap and i don't like to play low like to my knees, that looks trashy and cant shred cuz of the angle of ur wrist , so i use my strap waist height and looks cool proportional and  it gives me A great angle for my wrist , to be able to play fast and move up n down on the neck,,, so i say great buy,, i give it 5 stars."
My frist guitar strap I like it alot. Dose not cut in your shoulder or back. Will get aother one for 2nd guitar."
I thought I would not have a problem with the length of the strap but low and behold it was just a little too short.  I like my guitar hanging low and this strap doesn't cut it in that department.  Still, for the price I had to give it four stars.  You get a lot of high quality leather at a very good price, just wish it went a little longer."
Adjustments are easy to make and the fit/feel is fine. No fancy designs, but a great value for the price."
If you're looking for an inexpensive leather strap, this one will do nicely. Leather is supple, not hard, and it looks great with natural finish guitars. My only complaint is that it is difficult to attach at first (holes are smaller than usual, probably an anomaly). So for the price of polypropylene or cotton, you can upgrade to leather."
It's no frills.  It doesn't feel like quality leather to me.  The construction is pretty basic.  It is a very good value though.  It does seem like it can deal with some wear and tear."
Good strap, very comfortable and strong."
I searched on Amazon for a banjo strap and this came up. When I received the strap I realized it doesn't fit a banjo. I then looked at the description closely and found it says it's a guitar strap. Just to let you know, this is not a banjo strap  :)  I was able use it anyway on my guitar. It's not the best strap in the world, but it's not bad. I gave it four stars for that reason. I think it would wear quickly with lots of use."
Yes I would ,,buy is a great strap nice comfort nice priceFits nice in to my Fender guitar, a thumbs up"
I bought this strap because I thought the pattern was awesome! The comfort is okay, I never wear it for more than a couple hours at a time. But... just the design man, go planet waves!"
Like the strap and the design specially when is on the shoulder, thank you! highly recommend to everyone who play guitar"
First of all this strap looks super cool. The Hootenany style is sweeeet! I have this on a cream colored strat(like) guitar and it looks great. The reason for only four stars is that the material is a bit thin, but hey, for this price I am not expecting a Levy's strap. All in all this is a great guitar strap. Throw some strap locks on it and away you go!!!"
It works well for holding up a guitar, and it looks good doing it.  As long as you don't ask it to hold up a bass, you'll be fine (the price is hard to beat too)."
My kid is happy with this strap for his guitar. He did have to widen the hole a bit in order to fit the strap over the peg on the bottom of his guitar, but ever since he got it on he's been very pleased. He especially likes the colors."
I'm happy enough with this, it looks okay and fits properly so what more could you ask for. Good deal."
It's very thin, all parts about it are kinda thin and cheap, but it works exactly as it should. Not bad if you just need to round out an order to get free shipping. Not for your favorite guitar though, more of a beginner's or a throw-away, 'gig' strap."
Sweet strap, nice colors, good quality.  Adjusts easily, nice quality leather hookups.  Don't forget your strap locks if you're planning to rock out :-)Looks great with my white Fender Jazz Bass Standard!"
Does what a strap should- holds guitar fine and is built well for five bucks. I like the unique pattern on this thing too. Came in a timely manner, what else is there to say? Made in Canada."
It looks nice, it's really really long and it's made strong but you could also use it for slicing skin and maybe a whip. After throwing it into the washing machine 3x with lots of softener, rubbing it with lard, dirt and baby powder, then soaking it over night. It's finally soft and I could play naked without slicing off my head!  So buy it and prepare to really abuse it for a few days to soften it up!"
This strap is pretty thin.  Not like some of the other for the same price that I have purchased on Amazon.  Still does its job, but we'll see how the quality is after a while,"
The strap is of good quality and since its new it still feel stiff but I am happy that I got it."
The strap looks great.  Very cool design and looks good on my tele.  And all for 7 bucks w/ prime shipping.  So why only 3-stars?  This is my fourth strap purchase from Planet Waves.  I have grown to love Planet Waves' straps for their comfort and durability, and obviously the designs.  I thought that this strap was the same as my others only with a different design.  Mainly because at my local music shops, I have never seen/felt a Planet Waves strap that was NOT made out of their usual thick, soft, and durable material(whatever that might be) that I have grown to love.  This strap is VERY thin and brittle feeling, which makes it very uncomfortable to use.  This strap DOES slide easily on your shirt (which is what I prefer) but once it makes contact with your neck it is SHARP and it makes your neck sore and itchy.  Needless to say this strap is definitely not suited for playing without a shirt on, Ouch!  I have tried running it through the washing machine a few times with fabric softener along with using it constantly to try to get it broken in.  But it is still as sharp as it was out of the package.  Maybe with years and years of use it will finally soften up.  That is if it lasts that long.Overall what you need to know is that this strap is NOT the same as the other Planet Waves straps.  The material is very thin and brittle feeling; unlike the many other straps from Planet Waves.  If comfort is not important to you then get this strap.  The price can't be beat and will give your guitar that 70's look.  If I would have paid $20+ on this strap I would be furious.  But at only $7 this strap is still a steal."
This strap has a fantastic old-school look and vibe, and I've never had it slip off while playing.  The only downside is that it's a bit rough on any loose skin.  I could never play with this strap without a shirt and sometimes if it rides up I can feel it on my neck (but that is very rare and only if playing with a loose t-shirt).  For 99% of situations these strap rocks."
At this price how can you go wrong?Comfortable and sturdy.Works just fine, thank you.Bought another for my Strat."
This is a very comfortable strap.  Because it is cotton, this strap is more flexible than many nylon straps.  It fits the guitar perfect, and is easy to adjust.  Well made, and you can't beat the price."
When I first felt this strap, I smiled...This is so supple to the touch, making playing with it a great experience. Yet it's durable enough even for the roughest of players. It is fully adjustable, allowing for all body types. This is the first strap that I've bought in a long time. I have a Planet Waves strap with studs and I like it very much. I'ts the only strap I've ever used. Untill now. Now I have it put away and I'm using this one. If yore looking for a new strap, I highly recommend this one. Trust me...You will not be disapointed by it. Yeah it looks a little plain, but it doesn't slide around while playing and I love it!! BUY IT ALREADY!! XD"
I got this strap just to try something different than a nylon. At first it was kind of weird since the strap grips your shirt a little bit and wrinkles it up if you try to move it around. But after a while I found it a quite useful feature of this strap because your guitar wont slide around when you're playing and will stay nice and steady while playing. Those with neck heavy guitars might also want to give this a shot since it grips so well. It is also very long, longer than i thought. I have it slung a little low, and there's plenty of slack left on the strap. So it's probably long enough for Shaq to use it and still sling it as low as James Hetfield.  The only complaint I have about this guitar is the fact that it was a little tough to get on my epiphone les paul. But again it adds another feature to the strap, since the thing isn't falling off anytime soon! I almost feel like I wont even need strap locks it's so good. Also the holes are very strong and have not torn open at all, which usually happens on a heavy guitar like the one I have.  All in all a perfect buy for the money."
This strap is nice and comfortable but your guitar will fall off of it easily. I plan on using strap locks so it won't matter to me but if you don't use strap locks, your guitar may hit the floor and ruin your whole day.My advice. Install strap locks on all of your guitars and protect your investment. Then choose comfortable straps that won't scratch your guitar (like this one)."
This guitar strap was so inexpensive compared to the other ones I was concerned that it would be flimsy and look terrible. Since I planned on using it as a mandolin strap I figured it would be alright if it wasn't strong enough for a guitar.I was pleasantly surprised to find it well-made with a clean, simple appearance. I am getting another one for my acoustic guitar and may replace the leather strap on my electric guitar with one of these also."
I picked up a couple of these straps, one for a Les Paul and one for a bass.  Anyone who's ever played a Les knows that a wide comfortable strap is a must-have.  This one fits the bill.  The end-pieces are thick, with a peg-hole that just fits--not so small you have to cut and not so large you're worried about the guitar slipping out.  The cotton strap itself is pliable and comfortable.  It doesn't scratch like the plastic straps do and it doesn't grab your shirt so badly.  Can't complain.  Good strap at a good price."
Leather tends to be stiff and not very flexible.  Nylon has incredible strength but isn't very comfortable.  In my humble opinion, cotton twill is totally the way to go.  It's comfortable and adequately strong.  This strap is sturdy and robust, and it's plain black.  You can't go wrong here.Schaller strap locks are compatible with this strap.  You should buy those too, they're great.It gets five stars for being not only better than most other competing products, but also a lot cheaper."
Looking for a strap that is sturdy, comfortable, and simple in design, I use this strap along with and without the Planet Waves quick release system, perfect for use when I am standing and playing.  I have several, for our electrics and acoustics.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help."
As good as advertized.Rugged and sturdy.Live up to expectations and is comfortable.I would definitely buy a few more of these."
Love this strap! It's a good quality strap and I have three of them. Being comfortable and basic you can let your imagine run wild! Just go browse a crafts store and see what you can find to make it YOURS. I can't let on what I've done to mine because...they are originals...but you can have a blast making a one of a kind of your own. Come on, we're artists so show off your creativity."
This is a very serviceable strap at a great price. I own five of them They last well and are as good as many higher priced straps."
This is a lower quality Leather StrapPros:CheapLeatherEasy adjustment designCons:Leather was low quality - rough and hard to the touchLeather had scrape marks on front and back of strapEyelits for attaching to guitar are not incredibly tight, , I need strap locks to feel safe with the strapLeather lacks give and is rough, rubs neck and shoulder and digs into flesh with heavier guitars or base.It is an OK strap... not great... but cheap"
While not as soft and supple as suede straps, I am pretty sure this solid little strap will break in fairly well. The button holes were a little tight, but thats not a bad thing. It is definitely longer than a normal strap by a few inches and it smells nice to boot. It is fairly thin but that should help it break in quicker. All-in-all it's a good strap for the money, which wasn't much."
This is a nice leather strap, not thick, but very functional and nice looking.  I found it a bit uncomfortable with a heavyweight electric guitar, but should work just fine with an acoustic."
Planet Waves Classic Leather Guitar Strap Black is good product.It's soft and pretty, and looks nice with my Strat.Recommend it."
nice strap, i meant its just a basic strap, so its not gonna blow your mind or anything but its of very good quality from what i can tell so far. should last a while with good care."
This is a single layer fairly thick strap of sturdy leather with a suede back. At full price of 16.99, it is a solid deal. Any lower, and it is a steal. Leather straps are a little tricky to buy online; You can't feel it or see the exact one you are purchasing, and every piece of leather is different. Most of the time with leather straps, you get the quality you pay for. This one appears to be an exception to that rule. But if you are looking for buttery soft fine Corinthian leather with gold stitching, you need to understand that you'll have to pay more. If you want one made from Wild Buffalo Leather or Free Range Mastodon Hide, you'll need to hitch a ride in the Tardis. If all you want is a solid deal on a basic leather strap that won't let you down, this is a safe bet. Oh and tight strap button holes? That's a good thing in my universe, as gravity is often as irresistible as the lure of time travel (on this Planet, anyhow)."
Nice strap for the money. I ordered black but got brown."
Nice solid no frills guitar strap. I used this on my stupid heavy Agile guitar and it helped a lot."
I bought this strap because I wanted to draw on it with sharpie and then cover it with a clear coat to preserve the sharpie. This is a good sized strap with a  nice drawing surface. My plan worked, and this is a good quality strap to do it on. And such a good price."
Good leather good build, made to last  and age nicely.  I like leather best of all things it feels proper, and I like simple let the guitar stand out, keep the strap simple but elegant."
I ordered two of these based on the review and indeed, this guitar strap deserves 5 stars.It feel like leather but I am not 100% it is true leather. However, at 10$ a piece, I have to give it 5 stars.I used to have nylon straps and these twist too easily. This one does not twist, saves me lot of times, especially during gigs.I will order two more (I have 4 different kind of guitars, acoustic, classical, electric and bass), it fit all of them."
Like many others here have pointed out, this is a very good leather strap at a very good price and it is made in Canada. It is a simple design, but it is plenty long enough for a taller than average player, is solidly made, and did you notice how low the price is?I have looked at leather straps for some time, and could never pull the trigger on ordering one because of sticker shock on the price. Most straps I have seen in guitar stores of this quality start in the $30+ price category. I just cannot justify spending $30 or $50 or more for an overpriced version of this same guitar strap which has some fancy brand name label on it and is of no better quality. This strap was barely more expensive than a cheap nylon strap! (A nylon strap may work adequately but lacks any real sense of style)Also, most of the name brand straps are two inch or three inch wide, and this 2-1/2 inch wide strap is just right for me.I like this strap so much I am now placing an order for one in every colour I can find them in for use with my other guitars!"
Nice strap but a bit too stiff ... might loosen up in time but certainly worth buying.  Well built and good adjustability."
Good quality and very comfortable for the material and with of belt, no matter how heavy your axe is. Can't go wrong with this one."
This is a very GOOD General purpose strap! A little stiff, but I'm hoping it will loosen up with use."
This is a great guitar strap for the money.  I have a similar strap made of thicker leather that I really like but it cost 4 times as much. The strap is comfortable and adjustable. I liked the strap enough that I bought a couple of more in different colors."
As the title says 8 weeks in and no issues at all.  It's comfortable and sturdy.  What else could you want in a guitar strap?"
Most better quality leather guitar straps are typically $20 or more, so in retrospect, the low cost of this Planet Waves Black Leather guitar strap should have served as a red flag.  I bought it anyway, hoping that it would be a decent product, but unfortunately, upon receiving it, I was almost immediately disappointed at the quality of the item.While the strap appears to be 100% leather, and isn't a piece of junk, it doesn't appear to be of very high quality. The leather is thin and soft, and I would not be at all surprised, if the edges soon begin to curl, and the strap begins to wrinkle. I don't expect the leather around the holes for the strap nuts, to hold up well long term. If you use this strap, you probably want to use some kind of strap locking system.I have leather straps that have lasted for over ten years. The leather is thicker and stiffer, and has resisted fraying along the edges. While the leather has developed some cracks, it is still holding up fine, and there is no chance that the strap will tear. I could be wrong, but looking at the Planet Waves strap, I have doubts that it will hold up anywhere near as well or as long.If you are a casual player, this strap is probably fine, although strap locks are recommended. The leather may start to curl up and deform, but the strap certainly isn't going to fail immediately. While serviceable, more serious players, or those with an aggressive style of playing, might want to spending a little more for a better quality leather strap. I decided to keep this strap, but it is installed on a secondary guitar that I don't play that much."
this real leather strap is nice the price is Evan better the only thing I should warm if your a extra large person or you have a beer belly then this strap will not fit you"
For the price it is mostly comfortable and of sturdy build.  It matches my Epiphone Sheraton II well although it doesn't &#34;twist&#34; easily (my neck strap pin is on the backside of the guitar)."
This is, for the price I paid for it here on Amazon (far less than what it is currently selling for) a very good buy.  At the current price of almost 30 bucks, I would pass or look at other options but that is just me.  The leather is attractive, thick enough, soft enough for the price, and I found the length to be more than long enough for me personally.  I almost have it on the shortest possible setting and there is far more room to let out.  Only really tall people, big people, or \"low players\" will be disappointed perhaps.  I only have a few very MINOR complaints and of course my complaints are subjective so YMMV.  One, the back side of the strap is not black.  It's a blue/grey color and I didn't realize that.  You can see a tiny bit of the greyish color in the photo but not enough to really get an idea of what the backside looks like.  I assumed incorrectly that both sides were black.  Two, the embossed design is a little feminine for my tastes.  All that said, it is nice and some will love it.  Quality at the right price.  Easy to adjust.  Looks like it will last.  Solid four stars despite me personal opinion."
I purchased one of these a few weeks back and loved it so much that I just had to order another one.  If you want comfort, styple, at a good price, I highly recommend these guitar straps."
I don't like these too much. The back side will shed for a while before settling down. The leather is rather soft. I've purchased other similar straps that work better and feel more comfortable. This particular one is just ok."
Would not say it is the best feeling strap but does look very nice.. It is a little stiff feeling compared to the others I have purchased b
The material used is fine.  The looks are fine.  The length is horrible.  This is too short for most adults that play guitar.  It felt like I was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders.  I attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what I could use.  To me this was a worthless purchase.  I just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again."
yes, a iittle white flaking but no biggie unless you have a black case interior...easy to install strap locks...use on blue strat and looks great..enjoy"
I'm very impressed really thought it would be pleather but it's real leather highly recommend this strap and it came quick"
The only solid white leather strap I could find that didn't have any ornamentation.  It is of average quality but for the price I wasn't expecting much.  It looks nice and is mostly comfortable on my black Ibanez RG550XX."
It isn't the softest strap. But the width makes it feel better till it's &#34;broken-in&#34;. Good leather that should last a long time.  I have very similer straps that have lasted 30+ years."
Nicely made and a good value but it seems to be a bit stiff right now.It is a single strip of leather with no padding.Maybe it just needs to be broken in.Compliments the color on my Lake Placid blue strat well.For the record, this strap is actually quite long - even in the second strap hole.I am about 5'9\" and a trim 155 lbs.At the shortest setting I can manage, the strap is too long to keep the heastock up effectively when I am sitting.Update 2011-Jul-31: The strap is still rather stiff.I will probably pick up a white cotton strap.Those fit well and can be resized a lot more efficiently, in my opinion."
Strap was a much better quality than expected for the cost.  Clean well packaged .  Has adjustment for length the hole size is per very good will take some working to get it on the guitar so you need not worry about slipping off.  I will still use a strap lock .  Nice product I suggest it ."
i felt i needed a white strap for an extra one to have around. This makes a good spare, but I would not use it and trust it on stage. It is thin leather and doesn't seem like it will hold up under any abusive situation. That's just my opinion of it, you may not see it like that and have no fear of it. I would fear it."
It's the same as the other flavors, which all work fine, but it looks great with my new white Gretch."
I bought this strap for my new American Deluxe Plus Stratocaster. The &#34;Strat&#34; is Mystic Ice Blue, with a maple neck and fretboard. With the light metallic blue, and the natural maple neck and fretboard, the white strap looks great! I'm very pleased with it."
I do question the leather part but since it doesn't say what kind of leather I suppose thats fine, its still a good strap either way."
It's well made. Not much else you can say about it. Buy it. It is worth it. Packaged very well."
I ended up ordering this cable to connect a 535Q Wah into a Dyna Comp on my Pedaltrain 2 board. It's the perfect length, as the 1/2 foot cable was just a little bit too short. Since then, I've ordered these patch cable in other lengths, and they've done a great job of cleaning up the look of my pedalboard."
I have had really good luck with the planet wave patch cables.  They haven't had a huge amount of use, but none of them have went bad or caused any excess noise, and I've bought over 10 of them."
I got a few of these as a Christmas gift and they're just bad.  I put them on my pedalboard where I previously had longer cables and these just didn't stay in the jack.  I have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these.  If I play loudly and my room vibrates a bit, the cable even works its way out of the jack a little bit and cuts my signal.  Awful."
Perfect for patching effects pedals together that are further apart. Good quality cable with a good price. Most of my cables are from Planet Waves and I've never had an issue."
These cords work great and helped me (finally) clean up a mess of longer cords running between various voice processors and mixer.  The set-up went from a mess of eight neatly wrapped 6 ft cords to these 1 footers.  Looks great.  Cords are sturdy - I haven't had nor do I foresee any issues with them.  Would definitely buy again."
It comes with a lifetime guarantee and feels really sturdy. They come in many lengths and it is sleek and effective. Great price as well."
I purchased a BUNCH of Planet Waves Classic cables for my new pedal board. The cable is a little fat at the connector for pedal board use so if you have a tight fit this is not the cable for you. However, I am very pleased to find the cable itself is quite flexible. My complaint, like other reviews I read, is that the end doesn't seem to fit snug on some connections. For me these cables fit very well with the MXR pedals, Dunlop wah and the Ibanez pedal. The Boss pedals however, were hit or miss. Can't say for sure if this is Plant Waves design problem or Boss, but it does seem odd it seems to be mostly the Boss pedals. I have a couple EHX pedals also, one side is snug the other loose. Anyway, for the money, I think you will be happy with the Planet Waves cable, nice moulded ends with a good flexible cable."
awesome patch cables for your pedalboard. they are not as rigid as your typical patch cables which works for winding in and around pedals easier and you can twist and angle them however you want without stressing your input jacks. love Planet Waves gear."
I like these short planet waves cables for short runs where there won't be a lot of abuse going on. They have good quality connector jackets similar to Monster cables. There are better made cables out there but few are in this price range."
What can I say? It's a cable. It works very well on a pedalboard. I personally use it to cable my pedal together from the first row to second row. That requires a cable longer than 6\" or 1 foot. The 3 foot is perfect and it works great!"
Planet waves knows hot to make great quality and economic stuff. All of the cables in my pedalboard are planet waves"
Good cords with a decent length.  I like the right angle as sometimes it gets tight in a pedal box.  I order the longer cord to go to my wah pedal which I always set outside of my pedal board.  Works quite well."
Nice quality plug. I used this plug to connect my lower row of pedals on my pedal board to the second line of pedals. Works great and no noise! The shielding on these Planet Waves cables are great."
Using this as a line from my amp to a single pedal. Works great, no noise. Well made cable with bullet-proof molded TS protection. The cable is slightly on the thin side, but it functions well. Without a doubt, a very sturdy cable."
I ended up ordering this cable to connect my bottom row of effects to my top row, on a Pedaltrain 2 board. It's the perfect length, and the very slight bit of excess can be zip-tied against the Pedaltrain, leaving a total stealth install. Since then, I've ordered these patch cable in other lengths, and they've done a great job of cleaning up the look of my pedalboard."
This is just another cable out there - There is nothing special in particular about it. It does what it should. Cheers!"
They work great, they're quiet and they're cheap. What else can you ask for? I'm very happy with the product"
I really like the soft flexible cable these have. They were perfect for my pedal board. Highly recommended. You will find yourself wanting more than you purchased."
exactly what i needed to set up my pedal board. the flexibility is awesome, you can wind it underneath and around the pedal board and still plug it in to the pedals with out straining."
This jumper cable is a decent cable used for jumping from one unit to another when longer connections are required & a 10 ft. cable is too long. I would not depend on it for night after night abuse but, it just may last longer than I think. Planet Waves does make good products."
I love these strings. I'm a novice and have been using the strings that came with base which were roundwound strings. I don't like the sound my fingers make when moving between notes. With these flats, the sound is gone. What more, the sound of these strings is a lot more bold and has some awesome tone. It's easy to tell what strings are for notes, but just in case you have a hard time telling thickness for some reason, they are color coded to help with that. I can't speak out about other types of strings, but I love these over roundwounds in both how they play and the sound. I will experiment with other flats over time, but I am very happy with these."
I absolutely love these strings. I'm used to playing higher tension strings and these fit the bill perfectly. They have a great full sound and after breaking them in after a couple weeks of playing they give a really good classic P bass sound. Its not for people who want the modern brighter sound but for the classic 50s 60s and 70s sound these are great!"
Who would have thought you could buy \"quality\" bass guitar strings from the same place you can buy your DVDs?The strings are, with out a doubt, real Fender strings. And even with shipping coasts they are STILL comparably-priced if not cheaper then buying them at a nationaly franchised music store.But...Because you don't have the opportunity to compare strings; I do recommend that you know what you want.I've also purchased \"top shelf\" guitar stings, as well as a variety of other products, from AMAZON and have ALWAYS been satisfied with the qualiy and service."
Good bottom, the stainless give's you a nice treble,there's still a good flatwound sound, i use roundwound on my other basses but it was nice to come back."
In a world of round wound strings, flat wounds (the original bass starings) aren't as popular. These are nice and bright ... love 'em!"
Strings are so subjective and perform so differently depending on the instrument, I have a hard time reviewing them. I have them on an older MIM P bass and am quickly falling in love with them. I tried GHS flats on this bass previously- about all I can say is meh (too rough - they feel more like half rounds, just not the right tone on this particular instrument). I've got another P bass (fretless) with Labella Jamerson's on it (which are still my favorite flats), but these are a close second. Add to that they're half the price of the Labella's, and we've got an easy winner. They're silky smooth, and probably more versatile than the Labella's as there's plenty of top end for a wide variety of styles and music. My tone knob has never been more useful!"
Great flatwound strings. I put these on my J-bass over a year ago and they still sound and feel awesome. They are stainless steel and very smooth. I have never tried other flats except for chromes on my Tele and Fender tapewounds on my fretless, so my view may be biased. For what I paid and how they sound, feel, and have lasted, I am very pleased."
This is my first tube amp and after doing a TON of research, I found that the VOX AC15C1 was just about perfect for me.It came down to the AC15, Fender Blues Jr. and the Ibanez TS15. The Blues Jr. has a somewhat small enclosure for a 1x12 and I felt it had a bit of a \"boxy\" tone, otherwise, it's a great amp. The Ibanez has a classic Tube Screamer circuit built in and a switch which cuts the wattage in half for playing at lower volumes, but it lacked a reverb circuit, which was a deal breaker (silly reasoning, I know). The AC15 has a larger enclosure than the Blues Jr., and it has a reverb AND tremolo circuit, so it had the features I was looking for and most importantly, it produces some killer tone.If you've ever seen or read a review of this amp, chances are, you've heard about the classic VOX \"chime\", which this amp has, but I fell in love with the natural tube saturation on the top boost channel right away. The normal channel will break up nicely too, but I would suggest an A/B switch and run the normal channel fairly clean and the top boost pretty dirty.I was worried at first that 15 watts wouldn't be enough, but fear not, this amp is LOUD... maybe too loud as I'm just a hobbyist that plays in the bedroom, but that's not a bad thing. It totally blows away my 100 watt Marshall solid state and I haven't put the volume much past 8 O'clock for fear that my wife may beat me to death if I do.While there is no effects loop, it takes pedals well, but for distorted tones, I've found myself just plugging straight in just to get the unadulterated tube crunch, which I've come to love so much. As stated above, the lack of a foot switch to change between clean and dirty tones will have to be solved by either running a dirt box in front of the amp, or as previously stated, running one channel clean and one channel dirty and us an A/B switch to go between them. As far as other effects, I really like what it does to my TC Electronic Flashback Delay and Corona Chorus. Note that there is a foot switch jack in the back panel, but it controls the on/off for the built in tremolo and reverb, but it's sadly not included with the amp.For my first tube amp, I don't think I could have done much better; I love the tone that I can get, the tube warmth is just sooo much more soulful than the sterile sound from a solid state amp, it's feature rich, and takes pedals well. The other two amps that I was considering were a little less expensive, and while I really feel that the VOX is just a better all around amp, I don't think you can go wrong with any one of the three.The weight (about 50 lbs), and the lack of an included foot switch are really the only two cons that I can think of. While I would have picked up all three of the amps that I was looking at if I had the means, I would not hesitate to recommend this amp to anyone looking for their first or next tube amp."
This is an amazing amp. It works great, a lot of power, a little bit heavy for it's size but it is simply a beauty. I play a godin a6 ultra and the The sound of this amp is so clean that i can play my acoustic and my electric trough this amp and both sounds perfect. Even the acoustic sound is majestic. this amp adapts to any need you have, from the cleanest sound to the heaviest distorted sound."
I've had this for about 3 years and I agree with every one here that this is a fantastic amp at a good price point.  It's a wonderful sounding amp and gives you good chimey cleans and lush distorted breakup.  It only gets better as the speaker breaks in so make sure you put lots of hours on it initially and you will be rewarded.  If it was between this an a Blues Jr. which are similarly powered and priced I'd opt for this in a second.  I think the AC15C1 is actually a better blues amp.(Opinions vary of course)I only have a couple is \"wishes\" as they're not really gripes.  One is the stock reverb.  It's really overboard in a way that I didn't find musical.  I ordered a new tank and now it's great.  I hope Vox changed this out because I found anything over 2 on the stock tank way too much.  Second would be an FX loop.  Not a deal breaker as the amp takes pedals well but it would a good feature as wold be channel switching built in.  Third and last I wish it came with a footswitch to turn the Trem and Verb on/off and switch between the top boost and normal channels.  I know you can get it aftermarket but it would have been nice.  Probably one of the reasons it's so affordable.And speaking of foot switches do yourself a favor and get an a/b/y switch for this.  It allows you to switch between the top boost/normal channels and also allows you to run through both channels at the same time and let me tell you there are some really sweet tones when you run both channels at once.  I've gone through a fair amount of gear in my time but don't see getting rid of this.  It's such a fun little amp that it's nice to have around even if it were not my main go-to amp.  It's certainly loud enough for small venues and jamming with a controlled drummer but it's not going to shake the paint off the walls like an AC30.  Highly recommended."
At the $600 price point for an all tube amp PLUS reverb and tremelo (well, there are two pedals I won't have to buy) this is insane. It is not only REALLY loud, but you can do anything from jangly pop to Pink Floyd to hard rock (high gain modern metal heads, though, might want to look at ENGL). I dialed in a Richie Blackmore tone the other day and just started blasting away.It's also a hefty beast and should stand up to sustained use.The only thing that was a drag about it was that the footswitch, which controls the reverb and tremolo, is sold separately (at about $40 street) and everybody was out. I managed to snag one, but it involved a bit of luck. They should be restocking stores in a couple of weeks."
I play in our band at church and as such, I've been wanting a Vox AC15 for quite some time.  For those of you who do not play contemporary Christian music and are wondering what the heck I'm talking about, let's just say that it's an unwritten requirement that if you do play that kind of music, you must utilize a Vox tone.  Because of U2.  I know this is sounding weirder by the second but just take my word for it.Anyway, for the past few years I've been utilizing a Line 6 Floor POD Plus to achieve this tone.  I've been using the \"Class A\" sound, which is close, and quite useable, but for some reason it sounds mushy on the low strings of a strat and I've never found a way around that.  I just sort of dealt with it.  Then came Father's Day of this year when my wife surprised me with a used Vox AC15C1 and I love everything about it.  Doing a little research, it seems that its predecessor (AC15CC1) was decent but there were certain things about it that sucked until mods were performed by the owners.  Well, the AC15C1 implements those popular mods and what you end up with is an amp that's awesome right out of the box.  I've seen some people complain about the fact that it's a PCB inside and not hand-wired, and that it's made in China.  So what.  It sounds very nice, especially for the low price.The amp's overdrive is very rich, with lots of harmonic overtones the higher you crank the master volume.  I cranked it to 10 in my living room and was quire loud for a 15W amp, but not window-shattering loud.  In a church setting this is obviously not an option.  Fortunately, you can lower the master volume and the amplifier still retains much of that glassy Vox tone, just at a more manageable level.  You need to purchase an optional foot switch to toggle between the \"Top Boost\" and \"Normal\" channels.  I've opted to just use the \"Normal\" channel and push it with a Joyo Ultimate Drive pedal, which by the way, is the most impressive $40 overdrive pedal you'll ever hear.  That overdrive does not interfere with the Vox tone at all.  I used it this morning with a stratocaster loaded with DiMarzio HS series pickups and the Joyo pedal pushing the amp, and it was classic Vox chime all the way.  I also used a Boss DD-5 delay (also required if you play in a Christian band - same reason as the other thing I mentioned...)  Pure tone heaven.Some have noted noise or \"hiss\" problems with this amp, which were usually solved by installing a better set of preamp tubes.  Mine did not have this problem.  Actually, I thought it did, and I was certainly getting a loud hiss out of it for a while before I realized that it was the way I had the amp set up:  As I stated earlier, this is a 2-channel amp (Normal and Top Boost), but which one you're using is determined by which input you plug your guitar into.  I was plugged into the Normal channel, and didn't realize that the Top Boost volume was dimed and that's where the hiss was coming from.  I just shut that volume completely off since I was not using the Top Boost channel anyway.  Problem solved.I'm amazed at how such an affordable amp can sound so nice.  I've owned Marshalls, MESA/Boogies, a Laney, a Music Man, and other oddball tube amps over the years, some costing several times the cost of the Vox AC15C1 and the Vox can hold its own with those others.  Think of it as an affordable \"boutique amp\".  If you can pick one up used like I did, all the better.  Interestingly enough, this amp was advertized as a used Vox AC15 with no indication of whether it was a C1 or a CC1.  Fortunately it was a C1.  It's a value at full price also.  Get one."
Works great for what it is designed for"
This is a very high quality strap. The supple leather is excellent as is the workmanship.However, I don't like the plastic end pieces. They are large and -- well -- plastic. So I'm sending it back.I'm going to go with an inexpensive nylon strapProtec Guitar Strap with Leather Ends and Pick Pocket, Blackand straplocksSchaller Security Locks - Nickelfor about the same price.This is mainly a matter of personal preference. If you don't mind the plastic end pieces, this is a beautiful strap."
I'm a beginning player so I'm trying to make things as simple as possible starting out.  I was looking for an easy way to get my strap on and off my acoustic, and really didn't want to mess around with changing out the hardware to mount straplocks.  This strap performs exactly the same function without having to do anything additional to my guitar.  The ratcheting heads are kind of wide and my top button is fairly close to the neck so at first it was a really tight squeeze, but a little customization of the strap head with a file and some sandpaper solved that issue.The locking mechanism works by way of a keyhole that rotates closed with a ratchet gear to lock the strap head to the button. To attach, put the keyhole over the button and rotate it closed.  Your strap is now locked in place. To remove it, hold the release lever and rotate the keyhole back to its fully opened position.  That's it.  Really, it's that simple.I'm a taller guy (6'3&#34;) and after adjustment there is plenty of strap to spare should I need it longer at some point. The leather feels robust, and it was pretty soft and comfortable right out of the box.  Can't wait to see how it does after it breaks in. This was a great choice and I couldn't be happier."
This strap is perfect!  It locks on your pins, no worry about sudden disconnects and is comfortable (it's not padded).  Highly recommend!"
I can see this strap lasting a long time. I love how I don't need new strap buttons, considering that the screws may be smaller than the original strap button screws (which facilitates the strap button falling out and your guitar smacks the limestone floor!).You can lock each strap button with one hand- great product!"
In October 2009 I ordered a custom Strat and a Bass and the Custom Strat came with these strings. I recommend going with these. The bullet style makes its easier to install. You know what I mean if you are a professional."
For a Fender guitar bullets are the best choice for tone and longevity of strings. They seat snug and enhances sustain. Quality can be found behind the Fender name."
These original bullets are great for my Strat. They are made specifically for the Fender tremolo bridge and fit perfect. The strings sound great and hold up to the &#34;whammy&#34; just fine. Sound great and look great."
No string expert here but these work great,  they stay in tune like I can't even believe,  actually thought someone was tuning my guitar it stays in tune so long."
Fender Accessories 073-3150-406 Pure Nickel Electric Guitar Strings, Custom are very good!I got it for my Strat guitar and they sound much better then Ernie Ball or D'Addario (at least on my taste).Recommend it."
These strings are nickel which greatly reduces fret and saddle wear and they sound good.  If you are using stainless steel strings you are wearing those two critical guitar components down and they will eventually have to be replaced.  Saddles are easy to replace fret wire can be costly as that type of work is best left to the experts which with it comes an added cost to the player.\\So I (and many others) play nickel.Bullet end?  If you are playing a Stratocaster with a tremolo bridge the bullets are designed to fit into the string receivers in the trem block and in effect add more mass to the tremolo block which adds and aids the transfer of tone to the guitar as a whole.Those two beneficial features alone convinced me to give these an honest try and over time (I've been using these for years) have proven to me to be the optimal string for the Stratocaster.These are durable.  Do they last?  Well, yes they do.  I rotate guitars on the gigs so I would say that if I was using the strat exclusively and playing it as much as I do through the week - I end up changing them out every 2 to 3 weeks and I'm playing 4 nights per week not including rehearsal or noodling around and I put them through a rigorous workout.What would that equate to  in hours?  Hmmm...  60 to 80 hours perhaps, maybe a bit more.  Add to that sweat, natural oils, oxidation, and that I don't use cleaners or chems on the strings, although I do wipe them down after a playing with a dry shop towel."
... might be my abusive bends though ;-)  I'll try a ticker gauge next time.Other than that, great strings."
If you have a trem system on your guitar - these 'bullet' ends really do transfer tone energy through the trem block for sustain. I added a big block and these strings and it has really brought my strat to life. Highly recommended."
These are the same strings I paid much more for in my store. The are the same as came on my Guitar. Work and sound great."
The jam man solo is an AMAZING pedal. Yes it is a looper and an amazing one at that. The one thing that i thought was so awesome was that after you have played something you can save it to the pedal. It is a very handy tool. Another thing that is awesome is the pedals ability insert drum beats. If would %100 recommend this pedal to anyone. It is a looper that will loop all day and does way more than just loop. What more could you possibly ask for??"
the product is great. a lot of nice features. i am running it through a little Cube amp to practice withand it is not the kind of amp you want to use. best results are going to be with an amp that allows you toloop through another available channel and bypass any effects you have on the amp like distortion. if you havethe amp overdriven, then the loop comes out that way too, and the byproduct of that as well on a smaller less capableamp is noise cancellation.Trying to solo over a rhythm part for instance cancels out the signal being sent from the pedal through the speakerand clobbers what you're trying to play over.Great pedal, but have a good amp with multiple inputs to put it through."
A looper pedal has been on my list of things I'd like to get some day for a long long time. Why I waited so long to get one, I can't say. All I can say is how glad I am not only that I finally got one but that I got this one. It is fantastic. Here's why.First, ease of use. I really thought I'd be slowly working my way through a long manual, then slowly figuring out how to use the pedal. On the contrary, I got this out of the box, plugged it in, and was recording my first loops in a matter of minutes. The instructions a brief, clear, and walk you through the steps. This manual wins on brevity and clarity in the great manual wars. As I delved deeper into the options I was able to quickly figure out how to do everything I wanted to do.Second, user interface. It's a pedal. It's got knobs and buttons. This makes me very happy. It's well laid out and easy to get to all the settings. Once you've got it up and running, I strongly recommend setting it up so you can set a rhythm on a new loop by tapping the pedal. The work flow with this thing is just very logical and simple.Third, features. It has built in drum beats that are simple but sound better than just a metronome and help you get in the mood to jam out your loops. The beat is like a guide track, not recorded into the loop.Fourth, plays nice with computers. There's a usb port and you can connect this to the computer with a standard cable (not included) and copy your loops to the free downloadable loop library software. There you can make some basic adjustments to them and organize them.Fifth, comes with an AC adapter. It actually has to since it does not run on batteries, but still, I was happy to see it in the box.Sixth, you can add an SD card (not included) to expand the memory substantially.All of which gives you some specifics but misses t
Just wanted to say that they pack a lot into this pedal. I practice more now in the past 2 months than I have in the past two years. I highly recommend it if you are looking to spruce up your song writing skills and most of all your soloing skills. We got a good deal too. Amazon rocks!"
I would give this 5 stars for the way it works but a 49 page instruction book to utilize all it potential is a bit much. Something simpler would suffice. Really just wanted to record a rhythm track and play lead over it. If you don't mind spending the time to learn all it's capabilities it's great."
sing that in a drivin and cryin 90s alt rock way. why? cause that's what this bad boy (or girl to be pc) does. It is instant ideas. The thing that makes this so simple and effective is you can simply record a riff (or melody/top part), then create around it, loop by loop, or just one idea with another on top. As simple as this sounds, otherwise, you would have to record a track, then play over that, taking time and killing inspiration in the process.There are others on the market, to be sure. I had the boss looper with 2 pedals, and it was noisy on playback. That was years ago, and I couldn't get rid of it fast enough! I've used delay pedals my whole life, and being a fan of shoegaze/dream pop, I have always had a love of layered guitars/loops, a la the church or the chameleons, or chapterhouse, lush, house of love, and stuff.I looked on youtube and read reviews for a while before my purchase, as I don't have money to waste. This seemed to be the best choice for me. The use of this live, especially without the footswitch (sold seperately), would be tough to be sure. There are some stop and start moments, as to be the case with loopers. The only one I've seen that seems seamless is the boss one or roland one with like 5 pedals and is like 700 bucks maybe more. There are demos of a guy looping himself with different instruments all running into it. For the price, it should be and is great.This little wonder though, is fantastic. The price can't be beat, and it doesn't suck up tone as some of the other ones do from what I've read. The thing I would say is, it's best for recording, and to use as an audio notepad in a way. You can use saved loops in songs, but since they are already formed, so it's silly to start a song with 5 guitars in a dense dance!my last thought on this, this is a secret, come closer......closer now...come on I won't bite..........A VOLUME PEDAL! that way you can layer with different adjusted levels and not bending down and fixing levels and such. sounds simple, but you'll see. I am going to look for a decent one."
This is a great pedal. I bought the extra footswitch to go with it, it makes it alot easier to operate. Does all I need it to do. Wish it were stereo. Stores 99 loops, doubt I'd ever in my lifetime need that many. I haven't tried the computer interface yet."
Although there is a great deal to learn to fully utilize this pedal, I was recording in an hour & had the software on my Mac talking to it. It sounds great with little of it's own noise. The percussion loops are fine & at least provide solid guides for recording. I have a GNX4 that I love & as far as this pedal goes, I am just as happy. I echo the other reviews that suggest getting the footswitch, it does help avoid having to spend a lot of time bent over & fiddling with the small knobs. ( Update ) The software works well & is very useful. It loaded right up with no problem. Memorizing the instructions will be a lot easier once I start using the pedal more often. That's the only problem with so many features squeezed into a small pedal. More than worth it though."
Very fun to use.Comes with a power supply.Very easy to control.I enjoy using this to play alone - It is easy to lay down a rhythm and then play over it.It can be used for drum tracks or to practice a section of a song that you want to repeat."
I just got this thing and have only learned the basics of looping (I've done two jams so far) but I can already tell it's an amazing tool for any serious guitarist. The reviewer Shawn in PA hit the nail on the head with his comment that he's \"playing guitar twice as much and getting twice as good\" - that's a great compliment on this pedal and I agree 100%.  What I especially like about this pedal is that it feels like it was the \"missing link\" in my collection of gear and brings it all together. I'm using my guitar, my mixer, my bass, my drum machine, my monitors whereas before just doing recording seemed like a bit of a chore - this thing really puts the FUN back in playing.  I think this is the one piece of equipment that will really bring out my creativity and I can't wait to see what I come up with, with my new \"band\" :-)"
I have used the Line 6 looper in the past -Line 6 JM4 Looper. The Line6 is basically the same as the electronics on the SpiderJam amplifier. It's a decent looper, but it's too big and I don't need all the guitar tones, backing tracks, etc., that go with it so I decided to look elsewhere.I wanted a looper that I could fit onto my pedal board that could provide some basic functionality (multiple channels, etc.) and this one fit the bill. You can adjust the loop volume, switch quickly between tracks, turn the background percussion down (or off), etc. I purchased the extra foot switch to have a little more control over switching tracks.The only fault that I've found thus far is that the foot switch cable that DigiTech includes with the switch has a straight input instead of a 90 degree. This is weird, as all pedals on a board need a 90 degree connection or the cable will be sticking into the next pedal. To solve this, I bought a Hosa 90 degree stereo connector (it has to be stereo) -HOSA RT. ANGL. STER. 1/4\" PHONE (F) - STEREO 1/4\" PHONE (M). I've added a photo of the JamMan on my board and you can find a full photo of the board if you look at thePedaltrain MINI With Soft Casephotos.One other great attribute of this pedal is it's built solid and is easy to stomp on (you don't have to have perfect aim, just good timing). There are a few strange nuances, though. For example, you have to step on the pedal twice and hold to clear the current track. This gets the track started before it clears it. Not good if you were using it in a performance. However, there are workarounds (like just switching tracks). Overall - great deal for the price and, if you are looking to improve your lead guitar/improv, I would certainly recommend a pedal like this one."
This was a gift for a friend who is a fan of the Beatles. He was very happy with his gift."
I got these for my dad for Christmas. He loved them all and won't quit playing with them. I figured he would put them into his collection of cool things he's amassed, but he uses them daily to play the Ibanez acoustic/electric I got him."
What's not to like? 15 Beatles picks. A super cool little tin. Rocks my world and back to the garden!"
Not only are these great picks to look at they are great picks to use. I love the picks, the tin they come in and the ease of use."
If you are a Beatle fan this is such a cute item. Was more than I expected for the price. Nice for collectable or to use."
Planet Waves Signature guitar picks - always the best, always reliable. An excellent useful product that I not only use myself, but often give as gifts to other musicians. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'"
I was very pleased when I got my Beatles Tin and Collector Picks. The service was good and prompt and the price was very reasonable. I was surprised at how cool both the Tin and the Picks were, they are a real talking point and a must have for Muso's who like individual items in their collection. Thanks again Cheers !!!"
For whatever reason I excpected the tin to be a little larger then what it is.  I thought the size of an Altoid tin.  I was thinking I could not only store the fifteen Beatles picks, but also store my hundred other picks in the tin.It is very nice looking tin and the picks are cool,  well worth the just under $8.00 price tag. I may order another one with different print on the tin, but it is a small tin.  Just a little larger than a zippo lighter."
If your a Beatle fan or just someone who collects picks, This is the perfect item for you, Great graphics, I'm a guitar pick collector, And this is by far the best that i have, So if you don't have this Beatle set go and get it."
I've been playing in bands since 1969 and have used every wireless ever invented and this beats them all, hands down!"
So heres the thing that no one else wants to say. The thing is built like a piece of s***. It jingles and rattles and parts are always moving around. I used this 3 times and it shorted out. The lights started flashing and it got hot. I called line 6 and they determined it was bad so they opened a \"ticket\". FYI if you want to deal with the worst customer service in the industry just call line 6. Not only do they not know what they were talking about but in the backgrounc I could hear them lauging and joking like there was a big party going on. I wish I would have never bought this but hopefully I get  a new one soon. Well see how helpful they really are."
I have always loved line 6. This product sounded great for about an hour then total gave up. It went dead. I changed channels and it worked for like a minute then went dead. I am sorry to say that I returned it. My AKG wireless guitar bug has lasted years with no drop outs.I am really disappointed."
I love the freedom the G30 gives me. I'm a real klutz with my cords...especially on the ML designed guitars. So I figured this product would actually end up saving me money over the longrun. The sound is a lot more, there. Between this & the Bill Lawrence humbuckers that the sound is unforgiving and those mistakes will come through real clear...making you work on your technique and become a better player.I took off a star because I don't like the prospect of being a slave to Duracell. I am hoping that rechargeable batteries will be good enough for my needs and I'll give it 5 stars.Side-Note: the 2 foot cord they provide was junk for me. I suggest ordering some better ones."
I actually purchased this item refurbished on eBay.It is out there for $230 to $299.No buzzing and crackling and NO MORE WIRES!No more shorts in the cables, or stepping over cords.Finally, the technology is here for inexpensive wireless.The Relay G30 has perfect frequency response because it is in the 2.4GHz band like a wireless WiFi router or cordless phone.All the soft clipping is there for every nuance.In fact I don't hear any interference at all even with a single coil.Some feedback is good, but not that screaming feedback loop from cables missing their grounds.I play directly into a Line 6 POD and can piggy back Wah pedals and other effects with the Relay G30 on front. It is just like having an adjustable length guitar cable.This is a professional wireless system.Best purchase I've made this year.You won't be disappointed; it is worth the price."
The MXR CSP202 or Dunlop Custom Comp is exactly what I'd been searching for...For years I played with only a crybaby and a phase 45 on the floor and everything else in a rack system. The rack systems had amazing studio quality compression and big complex delay boards, blah blah blah... but these days everything I have sits on a Furman SPB-8C Pedal Board (Highly recommended) and so I've been quietly searching for a serviceable foot pedal compressor, and that is harder to find than I had previously imagined... apparently they aren't easy to make..? I've been through 4 (coun't 'em four) foot pedal compressors and wasn't at all happy... an engineer mixer buddy said go try this pedal MXR CSP202 - so I did - and it's perfect...Benefits:1) It's easy to match your output gain on the pedal - so when you step on it - the pedal activates quality compression and NOT output volume suppression2) It's easy to understand right away - 3 seconds of looking at the pedal and you're done - 3 minutes of fooling around with it and you get it3) It's quiet but very effective and professional sounding4) It's solid and works exactly like very expensive rack compressionNegatives:1) It's expensive considering there are compression pedals for 1/2 this price2) It's got the 9 volt power supply connector on the wrong side of the input quarter inch jackOver all the thing is a Home Run - you can work around he poorly located 9 volt connection - you can wait a few weeks and save a few more dollars if you need to, but you can't fix a bad compression pedal if you buy the wrong one... I highly recommend this pedal, after a long process of searching and being disappointed I'm glad I found this pedal"
Wanted a good compressor on the front of my signal chain for a pedalboard setup for electric guitar and this pedal is working great for my purposes at a good price. Have it set for a little compression to smooth out and add some sustain to the signal before going into anything else and never turn it off."
After trying about every comp out there for years, I came across this, I have a Wampler Ego Compressor too, it is the same quality as the Ego Compressor.Better than the Script Reissue, it was too noisey for me."
Compression is possibly one of the most misunderstood pedal (or rack) effects for guitar players, but I can say confidently that the MXR Custom Comp gets it right, and makes it easy.WHAT IT DOES - First, a quick word about compression.  The easiest way to describe compression is that smooths and sustains the level and intensity of your guitar's pure tone.  When you play an uncompressed guitar signal, you can experience annoying volume swells if you strum too aggressively.  On the other side of the problem, you may want to use strummed chords or arpeggiated sequences for a continuous \"ringing\" effect, but find that the individual notes die out too soon.  A quality compressor pedal takes those extremes and normalizes them.  It also can \"sustain\" the notes by boosting the levels of individual chords or notes when they would otherwise fade away, depending on the settings.BUILD QUALITY - If there are complaints to be had about the MXR Custom Comp, they aren't related to durability.  MXR pedals, like BOSS pedals, are built with heavy-duty metal, yet the pedal is surprisingly light with the battery removed.  Unlike BOSS pedals, the switch is in the form of a metal button that \"clicks\" when you press it.  My understanding from veteran MXR users is that the switch is very reliable and long-lasting.  In my case, however, I intend on having the thing on all the time, so this is not a major concern anyway.One gripe with the pedal is the accessibility of the battery and internal \"Attack\" control.  The pedal has knobs for Output (volume) and Sensitivity (basically, amount of compression).  The \"Attack\" knob, which is found on some rival compressors, has to do with the degree of \"pick attack\" sound you want when you first hit the note, and whether the sound comes on aggressiveness or more subtly.  But on the MXR Custom Comp, you need to remove the back plate (4 Phillips screws) and adjust the Attack know with a screwdriver.  You also need to remove the back plate to get to the battery, though I've switched to a power adapter/daisy chain (OneSpot) for my pedals anyway.  So, yes, it's an inconvenience, but with this type of effect, it's not like you would want to adjust the Attack the way you would mess with Tone or Gain on a distortion pedal.  I consider this also to be a non-issue.TONE/SOUND QUALITY - The sound quality of this effect is outstanding.  It is far more \"transparent\" than other pedals I've tried in terms of retaining the tonal characteristics of my guitar, but leveling everything out for a great \"finishing touch\".  Whereas I used to think of compression as an \"effect\" I would turn on for a specific type of tone, I could envision always leaving this effect on with the MXR Custom Comp.  It simply makes my underlying clean tone and other effects more manageable and better sounding.COMPARISON TO OTHER PEDALS - The toughest question to ask about the MXR Custom Comp is whether it is worth the extra money.  The top-end professional compressors (Keeley pedals, rack units, etc.) are usually north of $200, which isn't practical for a casual player.  Boss makes the CS-3 Compression Sustainer, which is the pedal I traded in for the Custom Comp.  The CS-3 is more affordable (about $50 to $75 new) and more customizable, with 4 knobs on the exterior of the pedal, adding \"Attack\" and \"Sustain\".  It definitely does the job in terms of adding sustain, and might make sense if you only want to play around with compression from time to time.  But much like with MXR's entry level compressor (The Dyna Comp in the red casing), it simply isn't up to the quality of this pedal.ADVICE - While compression doesn't \"color\" your guitar tone the way a distortion pedal does, it's arguably as important to yo
When I do my reviews, I consider how well does the stompbox do what it does versus the price. I give the MXR Custom Comp five stars because, while it sounds nowhere near as good nor is as easy to use as a Keely, you will pay substantially less. On the other hand, it sounds better than a Boss CS-3 and is more versatile than an MXR Dyna Comp. It is also cheaper than the MXR 76 Vintage Compressor (which has no LED or AC adaptor). So, I think that the MXR Custom Comp is worth considering when shopping for a compressor. You should watch demos on YouTube and many stores sell MXR so you can try one out. If you want an inexpensive compressor with LED, AC adaptor, and a versatile sound palette, then the MXR Custom Comp is pretty good.Anyone who argues that compression does not change your tone has not fully explored the potential of a compressor. If you would like some evidence, consider a song like The Fixx \"One Thing Leads to Another\" which was created in part by cranking a compressor up. The manual gives three settings you might try--\"Chicken Pickin',\" \"New Wave Reggae,\" and \"Chime Bloom\"--each of which sounds different. The MXR Custom Comp can also give you volume boost if you wish to use it for that function, and I think it does so wayyyyy better than the Boss CS-3 (which seems more apt at volume drop, you have to crank it all the way to get a boost).One problem with this compressor is that there are four control knobs, two on the exterior (Output & Sensitivity) and two in the interior (Attack & Trim). In order to set it as the manual suggests, you will have to open up the case with a screwdriver and turn the two dials inside the box. Because of that, I just set it on \"New Wave Reggae\" (for 80s sounds, funk, etc.) and manipulate the external controls as needed. If I was playing country, I would simply switch it to \"Chicken Pickin'\" and leave it. If you are playing multiple styles, I would seek a different compressor like a 4-knob Keely.A second problem with the MXR Custom Comp is noise. If you crank the Output up, it creates a buzz (in my rig) that can be taken care of with a noise gate. The Dyna Comp does the same thing, but I did not hear that as much on the Keely or Boss CS-3.I find that leaving the compressor on all the time sharpens my tone without taking it over, but at the same time I can easily vary the Sensitivity to get different tone/sustain. It can give an awful lot of bell-like sustain on clean sounds and works great with a chorus pedal.BOTTOM LINE:(1) Nice compressor for the price, especially if you want versatile sound palette, good volume boost(2) Hard to work with due to interior controls (dumb!)(3) Generates noisy signal when cranked(4) Gives sound like MXR 76 Vintage Comp with less cost, plus on/off LED & AC adaptor at cheaper price(5) Good compressor in its price range (Keely is far superior in sound but you pay for it!)(6) OK paint job, doesn't really catch my eye"
These days on my pedal board I have several MXR Micro pedals...They have slowly earned their way on the board and eventually pushed some expensive boutique pedals into early retirementThe MXR Mirco Chorus is a perfect \"One Trick Pony\" it does one thing beautifully and simply - and that one thing is create a soft velvety chorus effect with good chime tones - when I activate the MXR Custom Comp pedal in conjunction with the MXR Micro Chorus I can easily copy the Andy Summers Police sound and a few other notable chorus stylesNote:It works great with distortion and with clean compressionI never have to bend over and adjust a bunch of NOBS in the dark - simply control the one speed NOB with my foot (on the fly quite simply)Presently I use these MXR products:The MXR Custom Comp = I highly recommend this very subtle very professional compression pedal (read any review of this pedal you'll see why)The MXR Micro Flanger = Easy, sounds amazing, never have to bend over and fiddle with it, does Jet airplane to subtle wavesThe MXR Micro Chours = Easy soft sounding with good chime - never have to bend over and fiddle with it - simple foot controlAnd the old standard (Ive had this since the 1980's) the MXR Phase 45 - simply the best phase pedal ever made - and I've tried them all"
I've been using MXR Micro Chorus for over 30+ years.  They just don't get any better than MXR.  Might be a little old fashioned, but . . . You get what you pay for.  And the sound . . . Wellllllllllll, just give it a try.  You'll love it.  Best, Doc"
Excellent pedal, I love this chorus... It is perfect to me...the effect is really great... MXR has a very good quality"
Well worth the [...] bucks i paid. Analog with true bypass. Easy to use with one knob. And has nice high quality chorus effect. MXR built like a tank. Works with my Boss DS1 AC adapter too."
Very nice tone and effect for a one knob pedal. If all you need is a simple chorus effect this will satisfy."
This is a super easy to use pedal. You just choose the speed of the chorus effect and the rest of the parameters are preset. Don't worry they sound great for that classic chorus sound. If you really want to be able to tweak everything, then get the MXR Analog chorus instead. It has about six knobs. I like the ease of use on this one, and I omly use chorus sparingly. Another cool feature of MXR pedals is the rubber knob cover that comes with it. It allows you to adjust the chorus rate with your foot."
I was very excited to try this pedal when it finally arrived. Just to find out it WASN'T WORKING!!! it is defective, and because i brought it to Mexico, now i can't get a refund or a replacement.I will try to fix it through some local electrician or something. Very dissapointing!"
This is a simple analog chorus.  Its straight forward and perfect for any board, and guitarist, that needs a little chorus from time to time, like myself."
This is the Godzilla of volume pedals. It is a beautiful, massive, piece of metallic magic that appears to have no loss of tone as I run signal through it. It appears to be indestructible. I like that it has a &#34;tuner output&#34; and that the stiffness of the pedal action can be adjusted with a large slotted screwdriver. When a friend offered to sell his for $30 bucks I bought it without hesitation. I now have one in the front of my system and the second is placed farther down right after my Ditto looper so I can fade it out. Volume swells can be done from either pedal with slightly different results. If you need &#34;light&#34;, maybe keep looking. If you don't mind the heft, you will be pleased."
I like this volume pedal because you can beat on it and drop it and kick it and misuse the hell out of it and it still works. Why that's overly important in a volume pedal I'm not sure but this one is built like a tank and can stand the beating of regular gigging. It takes up a huge footprint on a board so I generally run it at the end of the chain and to the side but the large footprint allows for getting your whole shoe/boot on the thing and that is comforting while playing. Overall the pedal has a good throw or travel to it and doesn't suck the tone like other volume pedals. Good buy-"
It works ok if you are used to using  a volume pedal. I had a hard time making small volume changes while singing. I decided to return it. It is well made, so if you like volume pedals, it's probably one of the best. I have also owned the Moreley Lil Alligator volume pedal. It has a mimimum volume knob which allows more subtle changes between rhythm and lead volumes. The Dunlop does not have that feature."
I bought this pedal, tried it out and returned it.  On the plus side, it is quiet, sturdy, has a reasonable footprint, does not suck tone, and it is passive.  But the feel was not quite right for me:  Even with the adjustable tension - I couldn't lock it in to where I wanted it.  I'm very used to the Ernie Ball pedals, and I also like the new Morley Volume Plus.But to be fair, pedal tension is a pretty personal factor, and this might easily be a 5 star product for you."
Outside of a vintage Show Bud volume pedal - this is possibly the finest volume pedal on the market today.Very smooth and accurate - I like the feel of this unit - and the sound is transparent - I cannot tell if it is in or out of my signal path.I run this volume pedal AFTER my pedal board at this time - I have a dirty pedal, delay, chorus and tuner on the board at this time. But I am upgrading to a larger pedal board soon - and will place the volume after the dirty pedals and before the delay and chorus pedals at that time.The pedal is heavy - sturdy - thick rubber pad on top - nice rubber the bottom that covers the entire underneath of the pedal.Built like a tank - brushed finish - connections on the front.It is very big - I wear an 11 1/2 shoe and it fits my foot very well - so this is not for a small pedal board.There is a tension adjustment on this unit so the end user can dial the feel of the pedal in to his or her liking.If you need a volume pedal just buy this one - you won't be sorry.******************************************Just as a reference I have used an Ernie Ball - the one with the string - and the Morley volume pedal - this Dunlop Volume pedal is finer than the other two - the fit, finish, sound, feel while using it, ease of use and build quality far exceed any other pedal on the market today."
I bought this USA Fender product to replace an imported piece of junk. Imports often have threads other than 1/4 inch SAE. It fit perfectly on the jack socket threads. Quick install, works like a dream."
This was exactly what I was expecting.  Seems to be better quality than other cheaper products I researched.  I'd definitely recommend paying the little bit of extra money for a better quality Fender product like this over other generic output jacks."
Es el output original de fender.. que mas se puede decir.. producto de calidad.. me gusto! Saludos  a todos desde Venezuela!!"
This is a genuine Fender Switchcraft brand input jack. It is a bit bigger width wise than the import copies, but that's an easy adaption if using a copy strat. It works perfectly. Great price from the seller as well. If you want a sturdy jack, this is as good as it gets."
Just good ol' genuine Fender parts. Nothing to complain about here. I'm a stickler for the OEM parts so I typically by only Fender stuff."
Spent next to nothing on this part, but it saved the day on a side project for a friend.  Thank God I buy spares. this simple and admittedly cheap little part enabled me to finish a project quickly. It doesn't get any more elemental, but I soldered it in and it's doing fine.  Not for real heavy usage anyway."
Great product, with a little soldering knowledge (really basic in fact), you can fix that noisy jack in no time at all. Nice and snug with my American Stage Cables (D'Addario is great! Hey, R. Ford uses them).  Great price too, much less than what my local music shop asks for these."
Great output Jack, i love this one much more because is more durable. Works fine with any guitar. Try one."
This is an A+ pedalIt's small and fits on a complex pedal board nicely - it does one thing and it does that one thing perfectly...The MXR Micro Flanger works great with distortion or just turn down the effect level and speed up the rotation and it works beautifully on clean passagesIf you want a Flanger to do any more than that you're just goofing off - mostly I need a subtle wash for flanger work and the MXR Micro is perfect for that"
Simple and nails a lot of the sounds for a working musician.  Three big ones are the jet sound, choral/flange and leslie speaker!"
First off the pedal is constructed of metal and feels really durable. Turning the knobs on the pedal reveals the the smooth and efficient quality of the pods. The pedal &#34;gets along&#34; fine with no interference with the other pedals on my board. The sound is exceptional and can be adjusted  within a wide range to one's liking. I can't say it's my favorite pedal, but it sure does play a nice role on my pedal board of various effects."
I am not a big user of flanger and my only comparison is with the flanger that is in the Boss ME 70 multi-effects pedal. This unit sounds good and is adjustable. It appears to give a few db boost whether or not you want it. There is no apparent degradation of signal when not in use. There is no &#34;subtle&#34; setting on the flanger, and so when it is on you know it. I think it is pretty cool and I mostly use it on my Fenders when I looking for heavy rock sound with overdrive.."
awesome stuff just what i want it"
I purchase this because my older springs wont return to it original place leaving my guitar tuning a half step up or down when using the whammy bar, This fender springs work excellent and fit perfectly on my Jackson dk2 ,  I'm using 3 springs right know and stay's in tune no matter the abuse.the only Con on this product is that they are noisy, is not that you will hear it in a rehearsal with a band or a concert but you definitely will hear them when you are alone practicing."
I ordered these because I wanted to deck the tremolo on my Strats because I don't really use the trem. I have a modern American Standard and an American Vintage Reissue Hot Rod 62 Strat. There are differences in the bridge and tremolo block but as far as I can tell the springs are the same other than the modern ones are black. My Standard now has 3 black and 2 silver springs but the 62 Hot Rod has 5 of the silver which are a perfect match for the ones that it came with. Easy to install and works like a charm."
I replaced the tremolo bridge assembly in my Indiana guitar, and what a difference!!!  The original equipment spring  tension was so stiff that the tremolo didn't even work.  Now it sounds great!"
I think a set of five is a bit overkill since i only needed three, but these are a direct replacement for the originals."
I purchased a set of Fender Vintage Tremelo Tension Springs in order to \"beef up\" the tremelo tension on an inexpensive Squier Jagmaster guitar that I recently purchased.  These springs clearly are better and more consistently made than the springs that came on the Jagmaster (the loop actually goes all the way around, which is not the case with the springs that came on the guitar) and it seems that they are of a higher tension. Highly recommended as replacement springs, or to supplement the three springs that come on less expensive guitars."
At first I wanted to get these to replace the 3 cheap springs to came in my MIM Stratocaster for it was the last thing I needed to change to have a functional reliable floating tremolo. After installing these tremolo springs (which by the way have a nice flexible tension) I notice that my tone and sustain greatly improved. I did some research and found out there are other websites out there that sell vintage specs tremolo tension springs for like $20-$30 to enhance tone and sustain on Stratocasters! So at $8 this is definitely a WIN!!!"
works great! pretty simply to swap out the old springs for the new ones, I'd say there was a slightly more smooth feel now when I use the whammy bar"
Good upgrade, Fender vintage springs. Use 5 of them (in my case) and they work well. I would recommend this."
There's no substitute for the right part. These are great.  I like having extras around, just in case I rescue another orphaned guitar, to rebuild.  The springs are almost always missing. Cost less here, than at Guitar Center, so bada-bing!"
I purchased these to replace the springs on my USA Standard Stratocaster.  These hold a lot more tension than the modern style black springs.  Holds your Trem solidly in place and reduces travel during bends.  Using 10's on my Strat, 3 springs was sufficient, if you want to hard tail it, just drop all 5 in. Great product."
Fender springs. You'll need a pliers or needle nose to grab and stretch them to reach the hole. There's too much tension to do it with your fingers. My American Special Strat came with 3 springs and now has the five. I find it stays in tune like a &#34;instrument&#34; should now."
Got this to put into my Pseudo-caster project guitar. Love it! Be warned, it does NOT come with springs, claw or trem bar. If you order this, get the tremolo bar for the Mexican model. The threads are smaller on these.If you like to do &#34;dive bombs&#34;, you will need to grind a bevel on a small portion this massive sustain block. It will hit the back of the cavity before getting anywhere near absolute floppiness.Last important note... Make sure you measure your outer pivot screw distance. If it matches spec on this Trem, all the screw holes will match up."
I gave this a 5 star for the simple fact that this tremolo has a bigger block for more sustain and a better all around intonation on any cheaply made guitar, I replaced this with the one that came on my squier affinity strat and let me just say the sustain and over all tone has been shaped on my guitar, it now stays in better tune and sounds amazing, I did also replace the tuners on my chinese made squier as well so that also helps with this tone, sustain and intonation and playing ability of the guitar"
This is intended to replace a MIM 6 screw Stratocaster bridge.  It only comes with the bridge, no body screws, no back springs, no arm... nothing.  That's why it's so inexpensive.  What you see in the picture is what you get.But that being said, it a great value if you want to spruce up your MIM Strat.  The block is HUGE compared to a standard MIM bridge.  It was incredibly easy to install.  And the sustain is improved.One tip which I forgot, do not tighten the 6 screws into the body all the way. The bridge has to be loose enough for the bridge to move like a hinge.  The springs in the back keep it back.  The string tension keeps it balanced in the front.  What I did was tighten the body screws all the way, and then loosened them one 1/4 turn back."
Very nice bridge. This was an OEM part so didn't come with screws, springs,claw, or tremolo bar, just the bridge itself. Not the best but for the price was a killer deal. The block is full size, probably zinc or some mystery metal, vintage bent saddles. Would be a good replacement for an older MIM Strat with the smaller block, or other Asian import, or just to replace one that's wore out. Like I stated it was dirt cheap and decent quality."
This bridge is heavily constructed, so the amplified sound is much more vibrant and alive.  It must weigh twice as much as the bridge from my old Indiana Custom S-Type Guitar.  I'm glad I replaced it.  Now I have a lot more guitar for my money.  I probably spent $200 total on my Fender bridge assembly, locking tuners, and Tex-Mex pickups, as well as the original $59 for my used guitar, and I would say I now have the functional equivalent of a $500 Fender Stratocaster, based on sound quality and ease of fingering.  This was time and money well spent."
Excellent replacement upgrade for the inexpensive but fantastic Squire Strat series.  This Bridge has more strength and solidness than the original.  Replace the Tremelo Arm with the one offered on Amazon as well.Key:  This bridge is slightly thicker/higher than the one it replaces on the Squire, so the back plate won't fit back on...something to mod if you need a backplate, but the difference in the quality make it worth the loss."
This comes COMPLETE with bridge, saddles and full size block... and it's FENDER! I don't think this is a true steel block. I believe it's Zinc Alloy but that's Fender's fault. The company I bought it from, Ant Hill Music via Amazon, is very honest and likable people. I have nothing but respect for them and bought two of these for Squiers. They made my cv50's sound fuller with greater sustain. I'm sure I'll buy more in the future.I should add it does not come with a whammy bar but your my old squier whammy bars fit perfectly into it!"
This is a cheap and easy upgrade!!!  At about 20 years old, my MIM Standard strats' hardware was starting to show her age.  Most of the screws and the bridge had some surface rust.  For about $40 bucks, I was able to replace all the screws, springs, bridge, neck plate.  This is stage one of my rebuild.  The tone block on the replacement bridge has about twice the mass as the original which increases the tonal quality 10 fold.  Don't forget the bridge screws as this bridge replacement does not come with them."
Works for a cheap bridge on my cheap Stratocaster knock-off. Needed one that was better than the bridge that came with it, and this was a cheap, but not cheaply built option."
replaced my old bridge assembly with this new one and it really brought the strat back to life in terms of looks and feel. also this was priced right in my opinion...."
It's not an entire bridge assembly but it's exactly what I needed. In my opinion it is worth the money."
You can mess around swapping parts, pickups, and capacitors.  But the biggest change I've experienced is with the tone block change. The Mexi Tremolo bolted right in to all my Strats and even my MIK Squier.  It went from thin and tinny, to being a real tone monster, with superb sustain.  The combination of the mass of the tone block, and flat steel saddles, has given me the exact sound i was looking for.  Couldn't be happier."
Yes, ever so slightly. Does it give you more sustain? None that I can really tell. People have been debating whether a steel, brass, or pot metal block makes a difference in tone and sustain. I think the main difference is the actual weight or mass. This is what is giving the deeper sound. The strings go over the bridge pieces and so I don't think material matters for the block much, if at all. I think it is about the actual mass. People who will say it makes a big difference are suffering from the placebo effect. Without debate, this will add weight to your guitar. I think for the price, it is worth upgrading the thin old style Mexican blocks. This is pot metal as well, which, again, is fine. The rest of the assembly is well made, as well, and seems just like the stock bridge you would find on a stock MIM strat. If you are thinking of going GFS blocks, this is cheaper, and will fit perfectly without you having the problems of not having holes line up etc., which is a common complaint and indicative of GFS's crummy products in general. I used the bridge pieces on one guitar and the block on another."
The strings have a nice feel to them.Used the to replace factory strings on a recent guitar purchase.They improved the action considerably."
good stuff"
These are great strings.  I thought the bullet end was BS hype, but I really think it makes the string stronger and the sound clearer. And even if that is my rusty ears lying to me, I can say with conviction that they definitely fit better with my G&L Legacy guitars - regular strings had the little extra wind from the ball end coming right up to the saddle in some cases - these solve that problem."
I use these strings for my Telecasters and I have to say the tone is wonderful, beside they last for weeks without turning a different color because of the use. Very bright and really convenient for the looks of the guitar."
With a twang twing twong nothing wrong... gotta love these strings that just wanna sing."
I am revising my previous review on the 3250L's...I have now only had these on my American Stratocaster for two weeks.  I loved them so much at first that I ordered 5 other sets and restrung several of my other Strats and other guitars.BIG mistake.  Why am I so impatient?These were unbelievable right out of the box, bring my Strat to life, giving it an unbelievable feel and sound.But, with every positive, there's usually a negative....and wait for it.....wait for it...yup, there was.I changed pickguards only two weeks after installing this on my Strat and noticed all three smaller strings. G,B &E; were all flat on the fret side.  They were already worn out.  I suspected something as the sound had changed already too, becoming flat after only about a week.This is NOT mu only guitar, I now have 17 total and rotate playing so I bet I hadn't played the Strat for more than6 hours or so.Now, I'm so disappointed.  I'm going to step up to the 250's, then the 150 if I have to.  I love the sound but don't want to change strings every week.To make a long story short, I wouldn't buy these again unfortunately and the search goes on for the perfect set of strings."
These are great strings and were my favorite until I found Fender Pure Nickel strings.  Some may like the sound of these some may like the Pure Nickel"
I've been a Fender player since I first picked up the guitar. I've used different strings from D'Darrio to Ernie Ball and now I always use Fender strings. For Stratocasters I always use Super Bullets and for Telecasters I use Super 250s. The only difference between the two is the bullet end vs a ball end on the 250s. The bullet end is designed to give you better tuning stability with the tremolo on a Strat. I don't use the tremolo very much so I don't know how critical it really is for me but since the super bullets cost the same as the super 250s I figure I might as well get the ones that are designed for the Strat. Also, these are the OEM strings that Fender installs at the factory so you can't go wrong with that. I highly recommend them."
Having trouble with my usual D'Adderio strings I decided to go back to the a well known brand.  These are solid strings that never let me down.  They go in tune and stay in tune.  I just wish they had a little bit slinkier feel to them."
Great strings! Used them for years -- always loved them. Put them on an Eric Johnson strat. Wouldn't use anything low quality for that guitar."
I have been buying this string for many years and will continue to do so john  View tips and guidelines | Headline & 20 more words required.///"
I put these on my instruments with the confidence that they will sound as expected each time. Great strings and great value"
Theses strings really have a good tone and tremolo stability greatly improves!!! The heavy bottons 32, 42 and 52 adds a BOOM in the tone. The others, 10, 13 and 17 are nicely and decent tone also. I don't rate it 5 stars for the lack of VCI. When i opened the pack there were no plastic anti corrosion protection. The high strings were plenty of flakes. If fender solved that it would be perfect."
These seem to be quite well constructed electric guitar strings which I will appreciate for a long while.  Rock On!"
I had an issue with my new Squire Guitar, and Fender hooked me up with a set of these.  The String Ends have a Cylindrical or Bullet Shaped end, rather then the typical small loop.  The theory is that the larger bullet end makes better contact in the tremolo cavity.  I say they sound great and are worth trying.  I just order 3-packs so I can have some on hand."
Thsese are the perfect size for my Jazzmaster.  Too bad the seem to get dirty so quickly.  Maybe my hands are just sweaty"
These strings sound super awesome! I'm not sure what the engineering specifics are, but if your looking for responsive, easy on the fingers strings with nice bendability and sustainability, these puppies won't let you down."
the strings are very comfortable on the fingers and sound pretty good the bullet ends work well with the trem on my axe"
These were the strings I started on a year ago ,and have tried a few different brands in this time frame. They hold up IMO as well or better than most brands I've tried ,especially for the price. I probably change my strings more than necessary so I have gravitated to finding the lowest price strings of at least decent quality. These fit that requirement well."
I ordered these for my son who is a whiz on the guitar. He uses them for both electric guitar and acoustic guitar. He swears by them and loves how they stay in his grip without slipping while picking and going nutso on his guitars! Buy them, you won't be sorry. Plus, wow its a great price."
I use these and the next heavier and have since they came out and the standard model before that. Great grip, slow wearing and they don't break. I've been playing since 1973 and switched to Dunlops way, way back and have never found another I prefered. So give them a try."
This is my go to favorite pick especially for strumming. I Love the added level of control the grip surface gives me."
Easy to hold onto. I'm a big fan of the Dunlop picks and these are great for playing live because you simply won't drop them."
These are a little \"flubby\", thick and soft, for my taste in guitar picks, but they mellow out the tinny sound of my mandolin beautifully. The textured grip surface is great."
I have tried other picks like this that had points which wen't as confortable. This one is more confortable and has great grip. If you drop your picks a lot then this is a great pick to try out."
These things are so great! I get sweaty hands when playing so the slick celluloid picks were wanting to slide in and I'd have to keep dryin off my fingers and adjusting the pick. With these I can play anything without having to worry about the pick goin anywhere. The .88 thickness is also ideal for just about any sort of music since you can chug some heavy riffs and go up and shred without any hiccups. Very nice. One thing yo note is they like to cling to each other, so if youre using one of those little pick holders when you pull one out they all want to come with it. but not that big a deal. Definitely recommend these if you're sick of picks slipping out of your hands!"
these come in multiple thickness and are great because of the thickness and the grip that is on the pick. makes it much easier to hold the pick as your hands get sweaty"
Picks are picks right? Select your material, select your weight, and you're done, right?No! these picks have this difficult to describe pattern molded into them... They &#34;grip&#34; your fingers... It's uncanny... They do not slip.I wouldn't touch anything but Fender mediums for years and years... Tried these on a whim... Not I have piles and piles of picks going unused... These are THAT good!"
I pick a lot when I play the bass (fast, rock stuff) and these are perfect! They bend just the right amount so I don't make any loud plucking sounds while playing. They really grip too. Short of using superglue on your fingers, these definitely do what say they do!"
I have been playing music for years and often I lose my picks during a performance.  I took a chance on these picks a few years ago and since then not one have slipped through my fingers!  Best pick ever!!!"
I mostly play metal (7,6 string extended scale) and usually lean towards heavy duty picks such as Dava for riffs. But these picks are pretty amazing! The diamond-steel pattern creates a lot of grip and it is pretty hard to drop one of these, compared to a basic pick. This is a great product and would definitely recommend this to any level of player."
Not too hard, not too soft. My friend gave me this pick and i missed it after using .36mm. Everyone has their own preference and i just didn't like the feel of those. I bought this 12 pack and they... Are... AWESOME!! I lost like 3 already but hey, there's more. I use them for my electric and acoustic guitar."
I decided to try these because the &#34;normal&#34; picks I was using kept slipping out of my fingers. That was several months ago. I am still using these everyday. Pretty durable and reliable. I do recommend these."
I was expecting these to be like other dunlop picks I've had in the past, but these are rather cheap-feeling. Dislike."
I purchased several thicknesses for my son so he can test them all to determine which ones he liked best.  These 1.0 are not the ones he likes.  I would not get these again in this size.  A little too stiff.  The quality of the picks and grip are great and that is why I rated 4 stars.  The stiffness is just due to preference.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help."
I started using these a few years ago.  Picks always slip out of my fingers and this rougher surface really helps."
I've always been partial to .88 picks.  I used the standard dunlop nylon for years.  The max grip just is very difficult to drop, effortless to hold on to.  Because it's so effortless to hold, I can focus my attention on other things."
I use this pick for first time and it feels great and MAX GRIP for sure. Now I do not have to worry loosing pick and my mind while I'm leading and playing in worship. It feels little bit stiffer than regular .66mm nylon pick (I used to use this one) and I love feeling and sound when I play guitar!"
I've used these for years....acoustic and electric. Very hard to beat. I like the feel and texture of these &#34;pics&#34;. They do the job brilliantly."
I normally use Dunlop&#8217;s 0.60mm nylon picks, but decided to give the 0.60mm Max-Grips a try, when the price dropped to $3.00 for a dozen.The top half of the Max-Grips have a special surface with tiny ridges, that gently bite into the skin to provide a nice secure grip.  The feeling is a little strange at first, but you should get used to it quickly.I like the feel and playability of the 0.60mm Max Grip&#8217;s, but they are little more flexible than I prefer, so if I were to get another set, I would get a thicker type, either0.73mmor0.88mm."
These picks do have a nice grip, but they deaden the sustain on the guitar considerably. They just aren't quite my cup of tea."
Although this light is a little pricey in my opinion, it really gets the job done. I do like the fact that you can use batteries or a/cadapter to power the light. The nine led's really light up my music stand. The carrying case that comes with it is well made & makestransportation & keeping it stored easy.R. Joyner"
That's why I got this...I needed light without the heat!  It works fine.  Just sorry it's a little pain to keep taking battery out if I want to use the AC connection.  Other than that, it's fine, and pretty well constructed.  Seems to take a few bangs without problems!"
I have used the Manhasset orchestra light, and this is definitely an improvement, it distributes a nice soft light evenly through the whole page, unlike the Manhasset light which tends to be rather uneven.  It illuminates my entire largeManhasset M54 Regal Conductor's Music Standquite well by itself.Having said that, for a 40 bucks light, it feels rather flimsy to me. In both construction and light brightness, it does not compare well with traditional clamp or desk lights, all of which are usually much cheaper (the issue being mainly the light switch, the jury is out about the clamp, though it seems strong). Of course, as an orchestra light, it couldn't be much brighter without defeating its intended purpose, I am just pointing out that I feel it isn't worth 40 dollars, when you consider the whole field of similar lights (those not intended for orchestra).I bought this because of reputation and reviews, but it should probably cost the same as its closest competitor, theRechargeable Music Stand LED Light Clip-on 9 LEDS with Adapter.  That one has the same negative issues as this light, but at a much more acceptable $18.99 plus free shipping.One more thing, you should ignore the \"Frequently Bought Together\" suggestion to get theMighty Bright 80910 Bright Light Cradlefor this light.  I bought it, and can confirm they are totally incompatible, and anyways, this light has a huge clamp which can be used to carefully balance the light on a desk without clamping, if desired."
Nice bright light.  I have the might bright twin lights, and have used them for about 4 years. As with many things, I'm a little older now and need a little more light to read the sheet music.  This light comes in a very nice soft case (though they call it a bag) that holds everything. The switch is conveniently located on top of the light. The clamp is very well constructed and is less likely to move...unlike my twin lights."
Let me start off saying that you cannot go wrong buying any of the series of Mighty Bright music stand lamps.  The Orchestra lamp in particular is a fantastic product.  It provides plenty of smooth, even light and is sleek in design.  And the carrying case makes it very portable.  Fits best on flat metal, and has a tight clamp.  I have a portable stand which does not have a flat metal base...so I used a sturdy piece of foam board to clamp to...works great.  The unit uses three AA batteries. I started off using 3  batteries and they do work but light drops off within about four hours.  I prefer to use the 13 foot adapter cord.  I am an older person who has old eyes. Sometimes lower C and lower A look alike.  Mighty Bright Orchestra Light to the rescue!  The clip is also much larger than the image would let you believe; however, the base is curved to allow your music to easily lay on top.Some comments have indicated that when plugging the AC adapter into the base apparently did not disconnect the batteries as expected. The unit I purchased does disconnect the batteries upon insertion of the power cord into the clip. To confirm this on your unit: (1) DISCONNECT the AC adapter from the wall and from the light, (2) load batteries into the clip, and turn on the light, finally (3) with the AC adapter STILL DISCONNECTED from the wall outlet, plug the cable into the base. The light should go out. If it doesn't, your unit is not isolating the batteries from the AC adapter, and may present a fire hazard if the batteries are installed when the AC adapter is plugged in."
I bought this because I had a gig in a dark bar.  I used this on my music stand on the lowest setting and it worked perfectly.  For some songs I have three sheet of paper (which overlapped about an inch) and the light covered all three pages easily with no dark spots.  I can't imagine in what situation I would ever need to use the brighter setting. I was thinking of getting the cheaper/smaller version, but didn't want to risk it not covering three pages. The gig bag is a square and softly padded. There is a lot of dead space in the bag and no support in those empty areas or the corners so I don't expect much protection for the light or adapter.  Treat the light like it has no bag and you'll be fine.  They include 3 batteries (I didn't see them until I pulled out the adapter for this review) to get you started using the light, but the adapter works well and has a very long cord so if you are using the adapter at a gig you shouldn't have to worry about it making it to your power supply."
I've owned a half-dozen LED music stand lights over the years. This one puts them all in the shade (pun intended; sorry).The 9-LED bar spreads the light well in a wide fan pattern. The light is concentrated in the desired area and doesn't spread everywhere like it does with incandescent lights. The little fin at the back of the light is very good in keeping it from being an annoyance to other musicians when it's pointed back at the music. The light is two-level: normal and BRIGHT! Normal is plenty good enough for shows in a darkened theater. The fact that the light is white rather than the yellow typical of stand-light bulbs is a definite plus. If you need to put a color filter over it, you don't have to worry about a hot bulb melting holes in the filter. The light spread is so smooth and consistent that I don't have to waste time maneuvering the heads to find the optimum light pattern like is necessary with two-head stand lights.The gooseneck is reasonably stiff and should hold up well. The included AC adapter has a much longer cord than typical for these lights. The included zipper case is fairly big and bulky, but will squash down as much as possible in an instrument case or bag. It has a pocket inside the upper part for batteries, a clip attachment for the light base and elastic holders for the top of the light, and a small pocket for the AC adapter. It's hard to fit the adapter cable back into the pocket, but there's plenty of room for it in the case. I don't know about battery life yet, but at least they include a pack with the light just like they included the AC adapter (usually an optional purchase).This light is a bit large compared to other LED stand lights, but it's so good that I don't really care. I've gotten years of service from Mighty Bright lights, and I expect the same from this. Even if this one doesn't last, I'll keep buying more."
Excellent stand light. Provides a cool, bright, clean white light and will cover three or four pages.A  &#34;must-have&#34; if you play in pits or other dimly-lit venues.Get it!"
Never used this seller or site for this purpose before. Sat and went through everything and chose these strap locks. They fit perfectly  and I have used them on Strat, and a Levinson Blade, not forgeting my Ibenez. Easy, on time delivery, no hassle with either the quality or service. This seller is worth supporting. Thanks!!"
A terribly easy install and good quality straplock.  I am pleased that they match my Telecaster.  Straplocks are a must for any electric guitar and these exceed that need."
Nice straplock system! Very easy to install as compared to other systems. The system is a secure locking system. This is my favorite locking system I have in my arsenal."
Love these things.I feel a little guilty because I put a pair on my Epiphone Les Paul plus top. I also have them on my Fender Marauder and now I can easily swap straps between guitars and I'm secure in the knowledge it's not going to land on my foot.Yeah you could put one of those plastic Dunlop pick looking things on a regular strap to keep it in place but these look and feel so much cooler. They use a quick connect of the kind found in natural gas, and compressed air connectors. Pull up on the locking ring, slide it on and release."
I have been using strap locks of all types for years. This new Fender Straplocks make installing them on the strap easy. I'm impressed with them. You will be too."
I bought these for my new Strat. They look great, they're easy to install, and they work very well.I like the release, it's performed by squeezing with your thumb over the \"F\" and with your finger on the the metal ring on the inside of the guitar strap. Hard to explain, but I prefer this to some of the pull-style strap locks I've seen in the past.The only down side is that they aren't as easy to install or uninstall from the strap as the locks that attach with a Hex-type nut. Make sure you have the strap set up at the correct length (for vintage-style leather straps) before you install the locks to avoid having to rework later."
My revised review (after about a year of use):The one thing I hated about these is that the screw that is suppose to hold the two pieces on the guitar strap together slowly backs its way out, so if you're not careful, your guitar will fall. It is now a habit of mine to tighten these two parts on the guitar strap, once every few days.My original review:Very easy to install; didn't require drilling. I have these installed on my stratocaster in minutes. Although it looks a little bit big and clunky, it's a small price to pay for stability. I probably will get another set, but may get the black ones instead of the silver because I think the black color may hide the \"clunkyness\" a little better. Overall, a very good product."
One of the ball bearings designed to catch and lock the side mounted to the strap dislodged, and my very expensive Fender Custom Shop Telecaster fell flat on the ground."
The best look and performance on a Fender guitar.  I've used the Schaller & Fender pinch top and found these to be the best performing, easiest to use, and best looking.  It does have a larger profile, but I find it flattering to the fender guitar form.  Easy to install and have never failed me.  I like that there are three pins to ensure a proper grip rather than one pin holding in in a channel like the Schaller & its clones. Outside of security (which I find greater with 3 pins) it all boils down to personal preference when it comes to strap locks."
These Fender Q/R knobs came in and looked Good on my Schecter.. I haven't had any Problems with them, They installed just Fine. I did have to put a Tooth pick in one of the Screw holes to tighten it up."
everything on a fender should be fender parts - these hold as good as dunlops and are easier to get off with sweaty fingers. these give me more comfort because they are locked on solid and requires a push then pull to come off. I get furious when my guitar comes off the strap so this stopped it and kept the fender mojo going."
I gave this strap lock a 4 star only because it is too large for me and is not interchangeable with all of my Schaller locks. It is a great lock and works fine, but is not for me."
This is one beefy string winder.  There is really no comparison between this professional tool and those cheesy $2 toy string winders you find 100 to a bin at the accessories counter of your nameless local guitar superstore.Pros:- VERY sturdy- Rotates extremely smoothly- Well balanced- Fits every guitar tuning key I've tried- High-impact plastic body should withstand years (decades?) of abuse- Clandestine compartment in handle was a nice bonus -- for earplugs, extra end pins, whateverCons:- None whatsoever.Buy this immediately and save your wrists for more lucrative pursuits."
I am a bass player and most winders don't work very well with the large tuning keys.  This one works better than anyone I have tried.  None of them work as good as I would like.  Once you learn to loosen up on your grip you will get better results."
This product does what it is designed to do, very very well. It is not used very often but when it is, it works beautifully."
I use it to wind my strings! I recommend for the use of stringing up your guitar easily and fast. Very easy to use!"
This is a great winder. Steel shaft will probably last.One of these should come standard issue with every guitar."
Unquestionably a top-of-the-line manual string winder, but still the user must careful not to scratch a guitar's headstock.  On some tuners this might work great, but on various of mine, still sloppy.  For now I'll stick with good old fashioned fingers and thumb."
It is sturdy, well made, feels hefty in your hands, with an extremely smooth action - everything the Shubb winder is not.Well, it is made in China, while the Shubb is made in USA. But what is the point if it is so much inferior?I think it proves that it is not about where it is made but how it is designed and manufactured."
What does anyone really want to know about a string winder.  Yes it will help you string your instrument quicker.  And Yes, it's still in one piece. I would buy it again.  You may even buy 2 because the same gnomes that steal pick's and capo's take these too."
There are many cheapie string winders out there, they all look pretty much the same....but they most certainly are not. This one built like a tank. with thick, solid construction. It's built for the long haul. It fits every tuning peg it's ever been fit to, has a cool little compartment built in thats perfect for extra acoustic bridge pins and extra pics, and simply is tough as nails. This is the last one you will ever need to buy."
This thing is a TANK!  I don't think you could break this beast if you wanted to!  The last string winder you will ever buy!"
I have a Martin HD-28 with the large Grover tuners.  This string winder fits the tuning knobs perfectly.If you change your strings regularly, this does make it significantly easier without risking damage to tuners.For $6, these are pretty high quality and this should be the only string winder you need to buy for a long time."
Works awesome :)"
Can't complain about a price like this!!! Does the job just fine for what it is, not really anything more you could ask for.  Comes with the proper attachment pieces that you need for most (if not all) microphones, folds up nice and small.  Happy all around!"
We bought this stand for our son's new guitar amp Mic, and it works fine for his set-up. It comes with the Mic clip to hold the Mic as well. The height adjustments seem to work flawlessly."
Good unit for the money, for sure.  It is not road worthy however, in our opinion.  Still, for any smaller gigs, it does a fine job.  Delivery, packaging etc were very good."
Needed boom arm stands and these filled the bill.  Tripod base to get over stage cables, and a boom arm with clips.  Works just fine.  Be sure to check is the length of the arm is OK.  These are slightly shorter than other stands I have."
I did not think that an amp this size would sound good. Boy was I surprized. This amp out does my old Roland Cube 60.  THis amp is LOUD...VERY LOUD!!!!!  And the tone is adjustable from great cleans to nice heavy dirty sound. All in all a super amp."
The ZT Lunchbox is some sort of new technology that allows LOUD and GOOD sounding tone to come through a box the literal size of a lunchbox! I was amazed at how small the amp was when I first purchased it - tiny. Then I was amazed at how LOUD it could be and still have clean headroom. Others have reviewed and written about a hissing sound, but I have not had a problem with that. After trying it with 3 guitars (1 passive p/u's, 1 active p/u's, and 1 acoustic electric) it remains nice and quiet. I have been using it as a practice amp as well as in a band setting.Now here's the thing... it does NOT have a lot of bass frequency to it, but I noticed that setting it on the floor does help some, but still not enough if you're looking for that heavy metal \"scooped\" sound. So, I would not recommend it for you metal heads out there; however, for all you jazzers and rockers, the tone knob makes a big difference. I keep my tone at about a 9o'clock setting because I prefer a little darker sound and it has enough mids to cut through the mix nicely still.Bottom line... I would recommend this amp (obviously I gave it 5 stars). I don't think you will be dissappointed."
I have purchased several amps over the last 7 months (see the reviews). I attempted to move to tube amps becuase I wanted to set up a pedal board and dial in my own effects. And really, any reading you do on web pages will eventually take to tubes. I went Vox AC4 and realized I didn't want a tube that already has a defined and limited sound (no fault of the amp - I just had to experience it myself). I also didn't want a modeler impersonating a tube. I loved the Orange Crush, but it was totally unreliable.Enter the ZT. Holy-moley. The amp has limited gain available to give you traditional tube behavior. Nice break up, very reactive to your playing and literally miles of clean head room. But unlike those tube amps - my pedals can come into play and I can manipulate that clean sound at any level without losing a bit of clarity or depth. It also has an iPod jack, headphone jack and ambiance (i.e. make it sound kind of boxy). It does not model. Like the Crush or Roland Cube, it has it's own voice. I've heard it compars to a Fender Tweed in tone. I guess I can see that, but it still has it's own voice - which is important to me in any amp. I should note - an AC30 or Fender Twin or high end 1x12 Tube still are louder and much fuller. But we're talking $1000+ tube amps.I don't have the matching extension cabinet because I just don't need it. It is REALLY loud. I have a Mustang III and it gets destroyed by the ZT. At 75% volume on the dial, I can hit my DS-1 and actually make out the notes. That is something the Vox AC4 or Fender Blues Junior cannot do without getting muddy. It is fully giggable. I haven't played live with it yet, but in a rehearsel environment, keeping with a loud drummer is no issue. A friend plugged it into his Marshall 4x12 and it was thunderous. Really, just stupid powerful for $300.For blues, jazz or light rock, it's brilliant right out of the box. It not only can do medal with a pedal board, but check youtube for videos of the Lunchbox being played in a live setting by a metal band. It has tube power in 10 lbs with solid state flexibility. I would also encourage anyone to scour the net for reviews and video. You simply will not find a negative thing about the ZT Lunchbox anywhere. It really is a solid state aimed to take prefessionals away from their bigger, heavier, more expensive tubes. If you play effect laden music, boy are you going to have a hard time walking away from the ZT.If there is a drawback - $300 for a solid state amp that really needs external pedals to shine could be a turn off for some - especially for players looking for a swiss army knife for an amp. Roland, Fender, Line6 and others still have that niche dialed in."
Well this amp does have it's pros and cons, however the cons are overshadowed by the pros.Pros:1) Small!!!! 2) sounds like a big combo amp 3) makes overdrive pedals sound better 4) sustain 5) big bottom bass 6) HD construction and components. 7) I can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback. 8) it soundsREALLY good!Cons:1) yes, it \"could\" be louder 2) Not \"bright\"Now the details,  I have a tube combo amp and in comparison the ZT is a bit on the dull side as far as presence.Its not that it does not have it, just could use more. However this is made up for when you step on your overdriveor distortion. Solos just sing on this amp.  I feel like my guitar pickups and stomp boxes sound better. The ampcompliments your rig in some mysterious way.  I stopped using my combo amp all together because the sounds so good. I also kinda detect some what of a processed chorusy sound plugged straight in when I first turn it on (seems to go away). I know it is an analog path but has some digital modeling processing internally. It also seems to have a positive compression/pumping release that make the notes sing and get louder as they ring.Volume?  For a conservative band in a small room it fits the bill. Mic'ing for larger venues would work just fine.If you're in a LOUD band, you might consider plugging in an external cabinet as it does have that option. (darn I meant to test before this review). TIP- so on youtube and some other forums guys are making the amp louder by plugging a blank cord into the1/8\" aux input on the back. I tested this and yes, it does go louder for whatever the reason. (I'll be getting a blank 1/8\"jack to put it that aux port) A small but very noticeable volume increase. If you need to be LOUDER then I suggest the larger ZT, but its double the price. A friend of mine has one and he no longer uses his mesa boogie or marshall amps anymore. The 12 club ZT is super loud.I can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback.1-100 I rate this a 98% gear head satisfaction. Remember we are talking about a lunchbox with a 6.5\" speakera tremendous feat of technology to get that much sound out of a little box.Check it out the reviews on youtube.PART II -Ok, the extension cabinet option: Hooked up a 8 ohm cab and it sounded bigger and louder. However do NOT use the internal speaker together with the extension cabinet - Turn the switch off. It WILL overheat the amp and start acting weird. I found out the hard way, verified with the manual that you should shut off the internal speaker. I would assume that at a low volume you could conceivably use both. You'll know if you touch the back of the amp and its more than warm, but I would not recommend it."
I have been using a ZT Lunchbox Amp for about a year.  Blindfolded you won't confuse it with a Marshall stack or a blackface Deluxe but for a small, portable, solid state amp it works as advertised.  People that say it is loud aren't kidding but there are limits.  The sound from the 6.5\" speaker requires some space to develop.  Up close it can be painfully loud but the sound is rather directional and it lacks bass.  I use mine for practice at home and for low-volume band rehearsals.  I played it once on stage, mic'd through a PA, but wasn't happy with the sound and switched to a tube amp with a 12\" speaker.To me it sounds best with humbuckers but I've played single coil guitars (Fender and Gibson) through it with usable results.  If you are after clean volume you might be disappointed.  It only gets so loud before distortion (and noise) becomes annoying.  Players that use a lot of distortion (e.g., Metal) will get a lot more out of this amp than players that need cleaner sounds at volume.  While the ZT Lunchbox isn't as versatile as some other small amps, it is great for a \"one trip\" load in at rehearsals.One thing to consider is adding the matching ZT extension cabinet.  It makes a big difference in two ways: two 6.5\" speakers move more air and the doubled speaker cone area helps thicken the sound.  Also, because the speakers can be angled and separated the area covered by the sound is increased.  This is a big help at rehearsals.  I point one cabinet towards myself and the other into the room.  I've tried using a guitar speaker cab, a PA speaker, and a PA floor monitor as an extension speaker but the ZT extension cabinet sounds best to me.  It's the same size as the ZT Lunchbox and they thoughtfully put the handle on the back so you can stack them.For an ultra-portable guitar (or harmonica) amplifier that can get decently loud the ZT Lunchbox is hard to beat.  But if you are particular about tone you might find that a lower wattage practice amp with a 12\" speaker works better."
This is an overpriced item. That is my only complaint. There's enough reviews on here that state the obvious. It is small, it sounds good, and can keep up with a little jazz trio by itself which is amazing. HOWEVER I have to say I'm super uber pissed that the day after I bought this amp at sam ash for $450 it dropped to about $250. How does an amp just come down half price over night? I mean, what kind of scam was this company running if they can afford to stay in business and sell them half the price than they were originally marked at? It's like the blue blocker sunglasses. On TV They're sold for $80. 6 months later you can get them in the barging bin for $2 at CVS. This is not ethical business, this is trying to get as much as you can from your customers with no regard to true value.. PS the ambiance was a better feature than newer verb processors.Edit: Just read another guy who gives it 5 stars because it can be \"used as a weapon to knock someone out.\" Not sure if this amp deserves the 5 stars it is getting, and certainly not because it can bludgeon someone to death in an alley. I stand by my logically opinions of this item. ZT should not have sold this for $450 in the first place. It inadvertently turned customers like me off to the company name."
I've been playing with my brother's Lunchbox and when he first plugged in for a jam at his house I thought he was joking. This amp can easily cut through drums, even in the close confines of his practice studio. Granted, I am not a heavy hitter, but we were messing around with come classic rock from the early 60s and this amp at three on the volume knob was plenty loud.The tone is very good, but not exceptional. It's not as clean as a Fender or Jazz Chorus, but it's still better than many of the amps I've listened to. If you want to make this a spectacular tome machine plug aBoss FBM-1 Fender '59 Bassman Pedalinto it.About the quirks. The ambiance knob is no substitute for reverb. It does give a hall-like sound as you increase it, but was designed to simulate an open back amp more than a true effect. The gain controls the input signal to the amp, and according to the manual is more like a soft overdrive. The volume level is solely controlled with the volume knob with the gain knob playing no real role in how loud the amp gets. Finally, the speaker switch on the rear is for turning the internal speaker on and off, not the speaker out circuit for routing the signal to an external cab. That means that you can use ths amp as a head by turning the 6.5 inch internal speaker off, or have it active with a cab as a set of external speakers in addition to the internal one.Plugging phones into the headphone jack will NOT turn off the internal speaker. You need to do that with the speaker switch. Personally I love that feature because you can also use the phones jack as an output to a PA with the amp's internal speaker still active.You definitely need to follow the instruction manual, and especially the advanced user's guide, or you may be initially disappointed. My brother returned the first unit he purchased because there was a pop when it was turned on or off, as well as a slight hum when it was idling. The replacement amp exhibited the same problems. However, if you follow the manuals (plural) you can prevent both problems. I mentioned quirks - the power on and off procedure and positioning the gain knob to the mid level are the keys to smoothing the amp out.Bottom line: this tiny amp packs a punch and has sound characteristics that have to be heard to believe. If you want true reverb you will need to plug in a pedal (check out theBoss FRV-1 63 Fender Reverb Pedalif you haven't already), but for small venues and practice rooms the ambiance feature is probably all you need. Do take the time to read the documentation before you start using it because when this amp is properly used it's simply amazing."
Let me preface this review by saying that I am not a professional musician, but I have some experience with guitar amplifiers and sound reinforcement equipment. I bought this amp for a couple of reasons- I wanted a combo that was light in weight, easy to move,store, and carry, and also was clean sounding and slightly loud. I can get the sound level I want out of this amp without turning the volume knob up more than 1/4, but if I ever want more, there's plenty of headroom there. It is definitely a clean, noise-free amp at moderate sound levels, and I can add effects through my Line6 Pod Pro if I want to, like more drive, reverb, etc.. As far as durability goes, I've only had it for a day, so I can't say. It has a year warranty period. Price through Musiciansfriend was good, I buy everything for music through them( no offense to Amazon). It's solidly built . All in all, a beautifully designed and executed product. Thanks, ZT!Update- 3/1/12 So far, so good! I've played through the amp for a couple weeks now, and it's great. Clean, low noise, I'm used to the controls and love the sound of it. No need to even use my Pod Pro. I'm now thinking of adding an extension speaker cab of my own design, using Eminence Designer software and an Eminence Commonwealth 12\" guitar speaker. Also considering the Lunchbox extension cab. I don't really need more volume but a 12\" speaker might change the sound enough to where I like it, although I like the sound through the 6.5\" speaker it comes with. Always experimenting with my sound. To think some people buy $2000 tube amps, wow I'm not that kind of expert!Update- 3/10/12 I hooked the amp up to a JBL PA cab, and it really rocked! The JBL 15\" woofer in the cab had a lot more bass, so I adjusted the ZT tone to give the signal more treble to compensate. Hooking up an external speaker is definitely a way to get more volume if so desired. Now thinking about an Eminence Deltalite 12\" neodymium speaker in a 1 cu. ft. As an extension speaker."
These picks sound great, very durable and grip is the best I have used. My main complaint is the very small size,I haven't got enough room to vary my finger position and get different tones out of the pick. I find the Dava master control more to my liking for most things, but I still use the jazz III's from time to time when I just want a simple clean pick tone."
I started with the flimsy grays. A couple years ago I switched to yellows. Recently I've been learning the art of arpeggio sweeps and this pick is the (  )! For all that are having tone probs with this pick, consider this. Your used to using big picks, which strum hard easily. With these I noticed I have to strum in a tighter, stronger pattern than before to get the same tones. Anyway, the attack on this pick is so just..YES! It flows in sweeps like .... YES! I will never switch from the pick. Oh ya, the grip is perfect. Haven't popped one outa my fingers yet. Just my two cents."
nice grip,,,,  the are great and a excellent quantity in the box for a musician that lost  constantly are lossing guitar  picks"
I have some neurological problems with my picking hand, and can't seem to hold onto picks. I really like these Max Grips a lot, and have found that they are excellent for soloing. Great tone as well. For my tastes, they are are a bit stiff for strumming, but perfect for everything else. I love the size and wouldn't want anything larger. The advantage of these over the Dava jazz picks is that if they do move about in your grip, you can still pick with them. The Davas have a rubber coating over the grip part and can only be used on the sharp side. I would say the Davas are slightly more flexible (literally, not figuratively). I use the Dava jazz for more rhythm oriented playing. Cannot recall how these picks are with my acoustic, as I've been on an electric fixation lately.Also a fan of the regular Jazz IIIs and find they don't slip as much as my Dunlop Tortex picks. I think this is due to both the materials of the pick and the raised lettering. Still, in terms of grip, they don't hold a candle to the Max Grips. Both picks have their own unique tonal character.I've tried a variety of picks and I think that once you get used to smaller picks, you will find the larger styles feel clumsy and awkward. These jazz picks are also great for pinch harmonics. They are just a bit difficult to adjust in my hand on the fly because they are so grippy.Overall, these are my picks of choice, for my style, which is blues-oriented. Surprised there are so few reviews.EDIT: The strumming issue can be overcome with playing around with pick angle. It's getting easier with these. I have also since found that while these are fantastic picks, I actually prefer theDunlop Jazz III Pick Pack, Red Nylon,1.38mmdespite lack of the Max-Grip raised lettering. They are just the most wonderful picks I've used. I do plan to try out some 2mm picks, however, as I suspect I'm going to prefer a thicker pick; the III nylons feels slightly thicker than the Max-Grips, which I believe is why I prefer them."
I'm a bass player and so I don't deal with cut picks much.  These picks are really hard and last forever.  I did not notice any additional string wear or damage.  These would probably better suited to guitarists."
exactly what I was looking for. A Jazz III- sized pick (smaller than a common-sized guitar pick) that works better for me because the grip nubs make it easier to keep it in the proper angle/position"
I have tried many picks in my 25+ years of guitar playing and this one is by far the best. I have been using Dunlop for the most recent years, but these are the best. The Carbon Fiber of these Dunlop Jazz III make them as long lasting as you want - when playing rock (slides and picking) they are better than any other material, and still very comfortable for softer rythms and styles like blues or jazz. Their grip is excellent and they feel awesome. Gotta try them! Highly recommended. Cheers!"
They are tiny. About half the size of a regular pick. My fingers keep hitting the strings.  Nice grip area. Will last forever, sound great. A bit too thick for me."
With the grips these are comfortable and not as prone to falling out of your and when your hand gets moist from sweat"
I had no reference point to judge the size of these picks perhaps compare pick with a quarter in the shot as a sizing method.Good picks though."
These will not wear down which is amazing and they have all the same great qualities as all the other jazz III's. the only problem I have with them is dirt can get between the grip pretty easily which makes them slip but if you clean them well then its not a problem."
I bought a number of these because after the first one I used I fell in love.  They have a fuller sound than other picks and the grip on these is fool proof.  However they don't pinch harmonics well at all, and they will not do scrapes up the Low strings at all.  Two disasters for Classic rock music.  I never seen picks that wouldn't do these things, however I really struggled with these things that seem so easy with other picks.  However minus these two quirks, these are fantastic picks."
Unless you know what you're doing, these things are too small.  If you feel comfortable with your picking skills, the size and stiffness (along with the built in grip) are pretty good.  These are for lead, and not rhythm. The picture won't show it, but they are about the size of a dime."
I think these jazz picks are awesome, nice and light with a gripped texture so you don't have worry about them flying when you solo! I only wish that more came in a single pack."
These picks are a good change of pace. They are easy to grip and do not slide and slip through my fingers. Good investment for the price."
I buy these for my son.  He loves the grip on them as they help stop them from slipping out of his hands.  He also likes the small size.  They last forever and don't break."
I ordered them because they are carbon fiber, but love them because I DON'T loose picks anymore! I used to lose a pick every other day. Bought six, still have six a week later. :)Here's how I keep it: about midway over the fretboard, slide it between the E, B, and G strings (the three smallest strings) and slide it up towards the headstock. It has little gecko-like protrusions that grip the E string. Stays in place and CANNOT slip out. Wonderful!"
These have the correct thickness and texture that I want, but they are smaller than a typical pick. So be sure to try them out first before buying. One just cannot tell the size from the picture Amazon has. I wish they put a reference picture by the side of this pick (may be dim the ref image a little so people won't get confused). Some people swear by these, but I that find my fingers get a little numb after playing these for an hour or two. May be you need to get acclimated to this pick before you can fully use it effectively and for long duration. I won't be buying these again."
These picks are fantastic, but smaller then picks I've used in the past, but easy to hold onto due to the shape and texture, very durable, believe these are smaller for Jazz use."
If you like thick/heavy gauge picks, but find they wear too fast for you, this is the pick for you. They have a very solid grip to them and are very stiff, but also wear (as in don't wear down) like nothing else. These were a very nice find!"
I got these after using Dunlop Standard Tortex Picks, 12 Pack, Purple, 1.14mm for some time.i would choose the Jazz III are better for ME personally because i used to hold my picks wrong.Due to the smaller size of the Jazz III im forced to be a better picker and player."
One day I was getting ready to play a show and stuck my hand in my pocket...my pick was gone. I checked in my case...no picks. So 3 minutes before I start I'm scrambling all over trying to find a pick. Luckily a friend of mine had a spare and handed me one of these. As soon as I touched it I though, this feel weird. I went and played my set using one of these and I absolutely loved it. The pick feels great in my hand and plays really well. And this was the first time I've played with a pick that I knew wasn't going to come flying out of my fingers. After I got home from the show I jumped on Amazon and ordered a pack for myself. Like I said, I love these things."
This is not a pick for windmilling guitarists.  This is a pick for the precision player.  It's really small--noticeably smaller than the red Jazz III picks.  With large fingers like mine, it almost disappears.  But the aggressive grip pattern keeps the pick right where you want it.  It's a very stiff pick, with just enough give to keep from sawing your strings off.The picks are first-rate.  Based on my previous experience with Dunlop picks, this 6-pack will last me for years.  I'm inclined to lose a few along the way, just so I can give Dunlop some repeat business."
I've always used jazz picks for my electric guitar work.  Danny Gatton did so, and I wouldn't have it any other way.  These are the absolute best picks I've ever used.  They don't wear down as easily as delrin, tortex, or some other materials.  And, these have a really, really nice textured surface that keeps them from slipping out of your fingers.  I think I'm going to order these in massive bulk quantities and stash them away in case they ever decide to stop manufacturing these..."
These picks are nice but just  too small. My only regret is that I had taken more time to research the size.  They work well just need to be a little bigger."
The Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III carbon fiber picks really helped improve my accuracy, no doubt in large part due to their relative stiffness and profile. I tend to drop picks and have tried numerous brands and types of picks, but for ease of grip these are hard to beat. I am a relatively inexperienced player, and while more experienced players can address technical subtleties better than I can, I have come to depend on these as they have helped me to hugely improve my picking accuracy in a relatively short time. As far as durability goes, they are the reigning champs. I bought a pack of six, and I've been using them for a while now and can't tell them apart: the three I've used look like the three that are still in the bag to my eye. I doubt seriously I will need to buy more for months (who knows, maybe years) as they just don't seem to wear even after hours and hours of use. I recommend these picks without reservation."
I do like these picks too.  It has a bit different sound obtained when I use this one.  Will keep them."
To me, this is a pick to pick notes and leads. It does not seem like a chord strumming pick as much. I use light  or medium regular size picks for strumming. I really like the fit/feel of this plucking pick. Smaller, but stays in your fingers and glides fast over the strings. You might balk at the price but I do not regret it in the least. Some nice picking with this pick. I don't play a lot so I figured 6 ought to last me quite a while. I have an old thick stone pick with is an interesting experience, too. But the Dunlop is better to me."
I don't use these alot, but when I play jazz style music or ballads, they work better without playing with heavy attack and give a more mellow tone to the solo's."
These picks are smaller than a regular guitar pick and they are thick. I use them for playing bass. They work well for that. I have not used them for a regular guitar. I prefer a standard pick for that."
A very nice pick, both in feel and texture. Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Jim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz III, the yellowish ones, and Dava Jazz Grip 9024 red picks, and I think I like the Dava picks the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size, but they're all good. These picks have a great grip, though, and feel dry and gritty even when they're clean as a bone. Nice!"
I probably got the wrong gauge, these things have no give at all due to the thickness but I like the small size. They are about half the size of a standard pick, so they are very easy to control."
Sounded good. Warmer sounding than stock tubes in my ac15. I rocked all night and loved the sound. Next day i turned it on, my amp was crackling out and wiping out the signal i checked the tubes and one of them was making violent purple flashes before the signal burnt out. I then noticed that one of my fuses blew out as well. I changed out the fuse and checked again and the tube was still doing the same thing so i just swapped the tubes back for atock. Id like to see a real set of jjs, im sure one of them was a dud."
Replaced the stock tubes (Groove Tubes) in my Blues Junior with a matched pair of JJs.  Much better tone IMHO.  The sound is exactly what you want in an EL84 and the tubes have held up very well.  I am coming up on needing a complete retube of my Palomino V32 and I will also be using JJs."
My first amp with EL84's is a totally scratch built older single channel Trinity AC15, which is based on a Lightning. Initially installed JJ EL84's after reading so many good reviews about them. They sound great to me (personal opinion of course), and are priced right. Thought about New Sensor Mullard RI's or Sovtek EL84M/7189's. Glad I went with the JJ's, and not looking back. I'm running 365VDC on the plates and 340VDC on the screens. First set, one red plated slightly. Bought a second set from Doug's Tubes, Ruby EL84CZ's (select matched JJ's). Performing nicely with a stock MIM Strat. Also using a Sovtek 12AX7LPS in the PI spot and a post-PI master volume, just like Matchless."
tubes come out of the same two or three places anymore...there is a definate consistancey issue and a few places where the seller (JJ Tubes) can specify specs to make their particular tube stand out. JJ seems to have a smoother sound than most. I've recently replaced the tubes in a little VOXAC4 mini and two Epiphone Valve Jr's that came with Sovtek EL84's and 12AX7's and am really impressed with the discernable difference in tone. There was a real payoff in this small change, the pre-amp tubes made the rest of the difference. You don't need to spend big money for tubes...these JJ's work really great."
Purchased these to replace some failing power tubes in my Vox NT15H, and all I can say is that they are great.  After a little break in these brought some new life back into my amp. Greatly improved the tone over the stock Sovteks that where in there originally. Great product for a great price."
Bought a couple of these as replacement tubes for my bass amp, and I think they improved the sound over the original EH ones.  These are considered \"boutique tubes\", but I think they're popular for a reason."
Had for over a year, hasn't failed. Bedroom Vox amp, never leaves the house, never turned up above conversational volume level, so I can't elaborate on sound, can only comment on reliability for my usage."
JJ Tubes are the best sounding vacume tubes & the only tubes that go into my vintage & boutique amps,"
I purchased this to teach myself to play a keyboard instrument.  This device has delivered everything I wanted and more."
This keyboard far exceeded my expectations for the price - the quality of most of the \"bread and butter\" sounds is very high. This keyboard also has tons of neat features - there's something here for musicians of any skill level (check out Yamaha's product blurb).To get an idea of how good this keyboard can sound, search YPG-235 on YouTube and check out \"trying out my Yamaha ypg 235\" by JoshTheMusician90.Since it's also 76 keys (unweighted), MIDI(USB) compliant, very portable and can even run on batteries in a pinch,the YPG-235 could be used in a variety of situations.One star off for a couple of caveats below - Other than that, at around $200, this instrument is a steal.*******In my mind, the only \"negatives\" (aside from trying to install the USB MIDI driver/see below) are that Yamaha sells this keyboard without the AC adapter and sustain pedal as standard accessories, and you really need both. Yamaha should note that a lot of people feel burned by the non-inclusion of the AC adapter.********NOTE FOR THOSE WANTING TO USE THIS KEYBOARD VIA USB/MIDI ON A WINDOWS 7 SYSTEMThe USB MIDI drivers for this instrument are provided on a CD - the disk I got only contained drivers up to Windows Vista - I tried cheating and using this driver on my WIN 7 system, but it didn't work. The CD will supply you with a link that should take you directly to the latest driver downloads, but it doesn't - I ran into a lot of problems going that route - I suggest you bypass trying to use the link the CD suggests and just go directly to the Yamaha website to get the latest driver. Much easier, and my YPG-235 now works fine with my computer, but still surprising since most USB MIDI keyboards are plug and play."
Okay it works and is really neat and the price was fantastic.  A great addition and will serve me well"
After having played the Yamaha YPG-535 88-key Portable Grand Piano Keyboard in a showroom and loving it, I was torn, wondering what all I would be missing out on if I went with the more economically priced YPG-235. I now own the 235 and it appears as if I am missing out on twelve keys. That is, I am not experiencing even an ounce of buyer's remorse after opting for the cheaper 235. This is a lovely keyboard with more beautiful voices than I will ever know what to do with and extremely user friendly functionality. Of course, my opinion should be taken with a grain of salt as I will be the first to admit that my experience with other products of this variety is extremely limited. As such, it might be best to say that, for a novice, one could not ask for a better instrument for the price.So what is the difference between the 235 and the 535? Based on my previous comparative shopping, I have come up with a few differences. First is the obvious fact that the 535 possesses 88 keys, while the 235 has 76. The 535 also includes a stand, sustain pedal, and power adapter, which must be purchased separately for the 235. While I am unaware of the specifics, the 535 also has greater storage capacity and capability as well as a few more voices. Beyond these definitive differences, having now played both models, the 535 also wins out with regard to aesthetics in that it looks and feels to be of a slightly higher quality, from its display to the apparent craftsmanship in assembly.Why buy the YPG-235? If price is not an issue, go ahead and get he 535, it is a beautiful instrument. However, for those on a budget or for those who simply do not need 88 keys, purchase the 235. Like the 535, the 235 possesses piano style Graded Soft Touch (GST) keys, which are not exactly weighted but occupy that perfect gap between pure synth keys and weighted. The feel is perfect for one who is used to standard synth-style keyboard keys yet longs for a little more control without sacrificing playability. The 235, like the 535, also features USB connectivity and general MIDI compatibility, as well as almost all of the same high quality voices, which separate both the 535 and the 235 from many other models in their price brackets (besides the pianos, the multitude of stringed instrument voices are amazingly realistic). While it is unfortunate that Yamaha decided to not include a power adapter with the 235, theYamaha Survival Kit D - Accessory Kit for Yamaha YPG-235 & YPG-235 Keyboardswhich includes a power adaptor, extended warranty, and a couple of other low quality extras can be purchased relatively cheaply. In my opinion, the YPG-235 offers the buyer more bang for their comparative buck. Again, the 235 sounds great, feels great and is hard to beat for the price!"
This keyboard sounds good, but the inability to go below that low E is just killing me. The speakers are good. Buy a good sustain pedal.M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action for Keyboards"
this is a super beginners kit to get ya going and to build from.....the pencil condenser are questionable......they have picked up outside noise(like birds etc) but with a decent bit of white noise (but I may have had them running a bit hot too) the strange clamps have worked well for me"
I was looking for a cheap way to get some drums miced up in a hurry for this Saturday's St. Patrick's Day parade.  I took a chance on this kit, even though I have never purchased anything that says \"Pyle\" on the label.  Upon receiving this kit, my first surprise was the quality of the case, and then upon opening, I was surpised to find that these were the EXACT same microphones as the ones I borrowed once from a friend to do some recordings, but branded differently.  He paid about 350-400 for his kit (still cheap by today's standards).I pulled out 1 overhead condensor and the kick-drum mic and mounted them, fired up the PA and had our drummer play a bit and was shocked at the clarity of the overhead mic!  We could probably get away with just using this one microphone to mic the entire kit, or two overheads; they pick up everything very clearly.  I turned up the volume on the kick-drum mic and was even more surprised to hear the thump of a much more expensive mic coming out of this seemingly too-small mic.  Now, I have a wonderful drum mix coming from only 2 microphones and my mixer has more channels free than I would have expected.  For fun, I added one of the tom/snare mics and they sounded equally clear.After purchasing this, I can tell you that there is absolutely NO way I would purchase one of the \"high-end\" drum-mic kits.  If you are looking for a solution for recording or live sound, this is it.  I promise you will LOVE the sound and you will be ecstatic about the price you paid to get that sound."
Shipped in time. Didn't test microphones yet, but I think this is best price for 7 microphones. According to the rewievs the sound quality should be quite well. I'll check it later."
The good:InexpensiveContains most of the hardware you need, drum mounts, etc.works with 3/8 or 5/8Has a carrying caseThe kick mic has a good low frequency responseThe bad:Has locking clasps with included keys, that are too big for the key holes.Does not contain any of the cabling and you will easily spend as much on that as you did on the microphonesNo instructions on how to use the mounts, or little things like you can use plyers to remove the 3/8\" adapters from the mountsKick mic needs a mic stand, one is not providedThe ugly:The two condenser microphones are incredibly sensitive but at the cost of an incredibly high noise floor. There is a ton of hiss at any level setting and it will make your recording sound like a 1/4\" casette tape unless you EQ out all of the highs on the condensers to kill the hissssss."
I have used these mics more than any other in my mic arsenal. The kick mic's base is beginning to fall apart, but I have used these things on the road all this (brutal) summer and the sound is still the same... I have other more expensive mics, but often use these in clubs as a backup (when the drummer doesn't have a favorite or bring his own kick mic). While it cannot stand up to say (my favorite) the D112, it does the job and the overheads are the easiest o.h. mics I have tried yet. The tom mics work on guitar cabinets and the mounting hardware is still in one piece (except for the kick mic mounting bracket) after months of use. I would suggest these mics as a backup for your expensive mics.UPDATE: Now that I have been using them for a while I can say they are reliable, durable and sound good. My AKG drum mic kit sees more action than the Pyle's, but the Pyle mics are always on hand to mic guitar cabs, percussion instruments like congas and whatever else needs mic'ing. The kick drum mic's mount is falling off, but considering how many times these mics have been hit by errant drum sticks and dropped by inexperienced technicians, they are in great shape. These mics have more life left and I have gotten a good amount of use out of them to this point."
For the money, I doubt you can beat these microphones. I just needed something for occasional outdoor shows and didn't want to spend a ton of money. So far, so good. I will say that the first shipment had a bad mic, but Amazon replaced it for free and paid for re-shipping, so I am happy about that."
I purchased this sometime around September, and when I received it, I tested it, and it seemed to work correctly. I've had no trouble with it that I can remember/think of."
This is a great microphone. It's light, sensitive, and looks professional. I used this alongside my Xonar DG sound card and my recordings sounded clear even when boosted +22dB. I would recommend this for anyone looking to do amateur voice recording."
All I can say is, sometimes you get more than what you paid for. While this isn't the new break through tech or the rave of the much, much higher end mics, it does deliver. With a decent mixer you can get a very nice response. Been giggin' since the early 70's and have been hosting an open-mic to boot. I get some seasoned players that grace my stage and none were the wiser of this very nice, super affordable microphone ... it's a charm! 'b' B"
I ordered two PDMIC58's and they came with an XLR to 1/4 cable included. However, the quality of these cables are mediocre at best, I recommend purchasing a higher quality cable with your order.Now to the performance. This mic is built like a tank, yes, as others have said. It is somewhat heavy but not too heavy, in other words, it doesn't feel like a \"cheap\".As for the sound quality, I would have to say 3 out of 5 because the mic doesn't sound as clear as I would like it to be. Now I'm not a professional, but this is just my opinion. I'm not saying it sounds muddy, but it sounds tinny, you'll have to see for yourself.Other reviews have also said that this is a great back-up mic or karaoke mic, I agree. However, if you are looking to record professional sounding tracks, you won't find it at this price.Value? To me, I think it's definitely a mic worth having, even if it's just laying around, at this price, you can't beat it. It's a great mic for the price.-Update-After using this microphone for a while, I find it to be somewhat lacking. Don't get my wrong though, for the price, it definitely performs as it should. However, if you are looking to make quality recordings, I would pass on this purchase."
great microphone at a very good rice"
This could be a great mic and is similar to the Shure SM58.  But I've found that most of these pyle pro audio products tend to have a much higher signal to noise ratio..even plugged into my best preamps in studio.  Spend more money, get some quality mics.  These are only good for garage practice on a budget."
I use it as a practice mic. It's fine if no one hears you! But if your gonna use it live. just suck it up and buy a shure sm58. But if you just need something you can ware out and not care, this will do fine."
It doesn't seem to be loud enough for a recording device that I have, but other than that, it works as described."
I would recommend this mic for any application from home studios to a spare mic for any musician. They use a heavy metal casing that appears durable, and the cord is decent enough for live sound, but a very slight hum was present with my guitar/harp amp. I would pay this price for just the element! It is truly a great buy, and I would use it for armature work any day. I use it for harp (harmonica) and it works great, and it sounds smooth with vocals too. I would recommend it to any friend, and I already have... Worth every penny!"
No on/off switch is a bummer, but it works! Solid construction, decent sound, comes with a cable for convenience.UPDATE After playing in a small shed for a while, the bass player was complaining of some crazy rattling when he played a B note. We messed with the PA and all the electronics. What it came down to, was my mic (Pyle-Pro PDMIC58 Professional Moving Coil Dynamic Handheld Microphone) placement. I switched mics and kept them in the exact same position, and the rattle went away. Whats all this mean? The quality of this mic is just ok. If you've got a lot of sound going on, maybe get a better one."
I bought this for my kids aged 6 & 8, they love it. However it has not proven to be kid-proof. The microphone cable is too fragile and they quickly broke the connectors on each end forcing me to buy another cable.When it's working they love singing and it sounds fairly good - no complaints about the sound quality."
Great value! Using it as a back up stage mic. Sound very good and for the price it can't be beat. It does not quite come up to the standard of our professional mics, but gets the job done when needed."
Great mic for the price. Is it a SM58? No, but sounds pretty damn good. It's light, don't know if it would handle major abuse, but wow...for 12 bucks. you really can't go wrong. Plus, they throw in a cheapo cable for a backup. It also looks pretty damn sharp. Don't see how they even afford to make these things for this price. If you want a really good SM58 clone, I would recommend a Behringer XM8500. If you are looking for a back up mic, or you are a cheapo, this will probably satisfy you. I would have knocked off a couple of stars if it was over 20 bucks, but for 12 bucks...I don't think you are gonna find a better microphone."
I just received this mic today and tried it out. I purchased it after rave reviews from other Amazon purchasers. This is a heavy solid high quality mic. Are you kidding me at this low price. They giving it away. Heck, the microphone cable it came with his heavy duty and long and it's worth $10 all by itself. I recorded a song today with it and I sounded very clear and clean with no hissing or popping.  You can't beat this deal. Awesome nice mic."
It was delivered fast. When I hooked it up I didn't expect it to be so loud and clear. So powerful it picked up every breath I took between the lyrics. When I put a wind screen on it, the sound was so nice I couldn't stop singing for another hour. I only meant to test it when I unpacked it. I'm buying more. At that price it's a steal! Get a couple NOW! Before supply and demand kicks in."
How in the World can they sell a very good microphone for $15??The cord that comes with it is worth more than that.Bought it to hear how my harmonicas would sound amped.Very good sound quality, plenty of gain.Would reccommend this for voice or instrument use. Has a 1/4in jack to easily plug into a guitar amp.If you need a good Mic or Mics & don't wan't to break the budget get one or a bunch of em'.You won't feel so bad when one falls off the stage & breaks. You'll still have a nice cord you can use on any Mic!!Very good purchase.Joe"
Works well on my amp, not so well on my computer workstation. It's a decent dj/announcer mic or for a PA but i wouldn't record anything like singing or music and expect great sound. Has that great heavy mic feel but is definitely no SHURE mic despite the similarities."
Very close to the sound of an SM-58. Not quite as &#34;warm&#34; as the Shure, but this mic has the best sound for the price. I'm very impressed."
I needed a cheap good quality mic, and this fit the bill. Bighter than the SM58 it mimics which is fine for me because my speakers stink. I bought 2 and they were both of the same consistent quality. There is no on/off switch, so expect that you'll shut it off at the mixer."
wow...so pleased with this $12 microphone, packs less of a punch than the Shure SM 58 but works great, very happy so far, used it to microphone some percussion and it worked great, could not really tell the difference from the real thing. If it breaks...so what...it costs 12 bucks, great microphone for someone on a tight budget. Highly recommended."
Very cheap and great for price but recording with this isn't the best idea. good for live performance on a budget"
After first receiving the wrong item (not a mike at all) Amazon promptly corrected the error and sent the microphone ordered.This microphone feels well built from all metal construction and the XLR connector mates firmly with most cables. The included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect. For under twenty dollars, Pyle-Pro can't be beat. Just be mindful it's inexpensive because it's made in China, but it doesn't feel cheap in any way.The mike exhibits rich vocal tone throughout the midrange and upper registers while the low end is slightly attenuated. For most singers, it will be just what they need. The cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production.One issue I have with this mike is when using it on a Tascam D40 portable recorder with an XLR to XLR cable, the Tascam generates a digital pulsing noise into the input electronics. Both of my Pyle Pro mikes have the same problem, but both mikes work perfectly with any other device. The Tascam D40 is known for this noise issue, but it usually only occurs using an unbalanced non-XLR input. In this case, the unbalanced cable that comes with the mike actually works better with the Tascam than the XLR to XLR cable."
Haven't used it with the singer in my band but hooked it up to my amp for a short test. It doesnt appear to be DOA and as some of the other reviewers say, it doesn't appear that I have to be within centimeters for it to pick up. I looked at all the wires inside and they look OK. Nothing out of the ordinary.I'd say if you were Carlos Santana, you might want a better mic, but for those of us in garage bands and local bars, for the price? come on. How do you beat it?"
its perfectly done but it seems its not fitting Squire fender guitar in terms of E-to-E string spacing, The Low E string out of range and not fit in the hole :("
Great tone and tuning stability. Was a direct drop in for my epi wildkat.  Really helped with the bigsby tuning stability"
good,  but it not fit properly,  Defenley better then bone thogh  I did have  to sand it to try to make it fit good, and I did Put it on my epiphone LP,  It does give a nice blues tone,  Beause it's not bone.  But I had to take it off case it just did not fit right"
Perfect replacement.  Did have to take off a little on either side, but other than that it fits.  I used it on a First Act ME501."
Such an easy part to install even if you are a clutz.  Makes a massive difference to the sound and can be a half decent price sometimes.  Worth every penny mind you...  Does require some length and height adjustment for some Epiphones and you should have some basic tools and glue to make it stay put..  So far so good."
For the money you cant beat this cable. Works with the new mic my daughter got for Christmas and nice quality cord. Will buy more in the future"
Cheap and good.  Just what I needed.  No issues in over a year.  Must less expensive and just as good as others."
Good, flexible cable.  The connectors are well fitted.  Fast delivery and a good price. I've bought an additional two since my initial purchase."
I own several of these and general buy from GLS direct but I needed some quick and had other orders from Amazon so I got them hear at same price. GLS is great quality and durable. I use there 100', 30' and 25' cords and have never been disappointed!"
Pretty simple, not much review needed for a cut and dry product like this.  Good quality XLR cable that works 100% fine.  I'm happy with this purchase."
Possibly the best quality mic cable I have come across to date in my hunt for reasonably priced cables and gear. For the working musician or home recording man this is great! Extremely high quality at this price point and are used by professionals all over Southern California and the nation!"
I received my cables very fast. The xlr male & the xlr Female are well built.No humm so that is a plus.Thank You."
Good quality cord and connectors.  I had zero noise level using these cords.  Seem to be of a good value."
cords are cords but these are very nice, packaged great, good deal instant turnaround... easy, affordable, fast, why go out? Just go to Amazon. These guys did a super job getting them here fast.... they care about musicians.... we are a tough act to follow...right so look for accesories and cables/cords..etc...at orange County and Amazon...Thanks for caring guys..."
This is my 3rd set of cables I ordered from Amazon. I needed a lengthy cable for my requirement so ordered this one. The finish  is not bad on the outer PVC layer and coated zinc alloy body. Works fine with my mixer. My previous set of cables ( totally 4 cables) , each one of them develop some kind of problem after few months exactly on the same spot. I guess the inner strings somehow gets broken and stops working. I would see how this goes and update the review. If this one also would result in same condition, I would look for something better. The only reason I ordered the same ones again and again was because of the pricing. They are not expensive to replace."
Some items of GLS work great, others are awful.  Don't trust the products anymore.  It's unfortunate but I don't feel safe with their products, that they'll perform when I need them to.."
I received a pair of these two weeks ago and am happy with my purchase. They seem well put together and just feel nice. They also came with two Velcro ties each. With proper care I'm confident these cables will last a very long time."
I just did a quick mic test with this cable and everything sounded good.  It coils nicely and has good connectors."
this is a good quality cable and works just as I expected it to.  I like the extra cable 'clips' that came with it so I can keep it wrapped up untangled."
I always like to carry extra cable when performing, you don't know when one of the one you have breaks and you don't have extras what do you do then, it works and it's great to have extra."
I was sure glad that I ordered this cable as a backup. It gets the job done and seems durable for my needs."
Work perfectly with my guitar, good price. No problems with static, crackling, hum or other sound artifacts. Great for amateur vocal recording like me."
What we have here is an XLR male to XLR female black cable. If you're looking for some ridiculous review, this won't be one.Quick pros and cons.Pros1. It's a nice, thick cable.2. It's 25ft long as promised. I measured (not really).3. It worked (didn't arrive dead).ConsNone really.This seems like a nice, high quality cable. Are there better? I have no clue, I'm an amateur. I needed an XLR to go with my GLS ES-57 and this fit the bill. Plugged into my mixer, plugged into the mic, and transmitted proper audio from one to the other. That's really all it's designed to do thus, 5 stars!"
This was a great addition to our studio here at [...] The price was great and quality was awesome. Highly recommend"
GLS cables are quality cables at a good price. I suppose you could spend more, and still be happy, but why not spend less if it works as well? Then spend your savings on something else! I've been happy with all of GLS products so far."
I ordered these as my first mic cords for a pair of dynamic mics I recently bought. They are very flexible, easy to handle, and of good quality. Even though the jacket material is flexible, it seems strong, and I have no fear of it tearing. The ends are sturdy metal, and they include a pair of velcro straps to keep the unused length (if any) under control. I am very satisfied with these cords, and would highly recommend them."
I bought this audio cable and all I gotta say is that this thing can last and it will not give you any trouble. Good stuff!"
These cables seem to be better quality than Nady or some other cheap brands I've seen. They work great for me. I'll wait and see how they hold up in the log run. Fingers crossed.I haven't had any problems with them at all so far."
Needed an XLR cable for a gig and ordered one of these the week before...it got the job done, my bass sounded great through the PA, and the crowd loved the band. Home run!"
I am president of the International Press Association a global organization of photographers, videographers and journalists.  We have been teaching our members to convert from shooting stills to videos on their DSLR cameras. I needed this cord and a shorter one for an important assignment on a cruise ship and these guys came through in time for me to use both cords.  You can see them in use at our online publication IMPress in this article and video.  Thanks guys will be shopping with you again.[...]"
When you're looking into a quality cable you wouldn't expect to find such quality for this price range. The construction is solid, well insulated cording, and having done some test recording with it I will definitely be purchasing more of these as the studio expands.While there may be more expensive cables out there I feel that for the price you are getting something of a higher quality than you would expect. Didn't notice any defects and no static/noise-bleed despite being around lots of other audio equipment, monitors, etc. Even touring or in a mobile studio application I wouldn't be worried about this cable failing or noise bleed.Only regret is not picking up a few more at this price, but I'm sure to order more for future expansion.Not worried at all about using this cable as part of my signal chain and was relieved to have it shipped out and arrive in a timely manner.Quality product, quality vendor."
works great, appears to be well made, good connectors, twenty five foot allows a great deal of movement, good value"
This is actually quite good, no problems after 2 seasons of work, and the neutrik knock-off connectors plug into devices well. The funny thing is they don't connect that easily to each other, like you might do for storage or to extend a cable run, but a little finagling will get them to mate. I'm not one to cheap out on a lot of things, but some cable prices are kinda ridiculous nowadays. I'm not saying there isn't a place for high quality cables, but If you have jobs were you don't need cables made of pure spun 100% angel's pubic hair, these will get the job done."
Good quality cable. I have other cables around it and was unsure about its shielding, but have never noticed any feedback or hissing. Seems like it works just as described.Good delivery time, too."
Purchased this cord to help set up mic for some band recording at home.  The cable is great because it's long enough to allow us to move our mic where we need it.  I got this item much quicker than I expected.  The shipping was fast and the product was in perfect condition.  Seller is A+ in my book.  If we need more of this type of equipment would certainly buy from them again."
These come with two Velcro straps to hold the cable in a bundle, which is convenient.  I use this for a microphone, and it seems to be solidly-built.  If I need more, I'll probably buy this again."
So I went for budget pricing without going to the absolute cheapest.Using for audio acquisition for film / video purpose.Pleasantly surprised at the construction quality of this cable, considering it's made in China; We'll see how they hold up over time.So far, clean sound using a shotgun mic straight into a Zoom H4 recorder.My only gripe is that the rubber grommet between the metal connector and cable was obviously not put on straight during manufacture, and will not go on all the way. (on the female side) Probably one few out of many, let's hope.It's those small attention to details that worry me about stuff made in china.Overall though, a great value for a quality cable."
I read many negative reviews on several sites.  I can understand how the quality may not be consistent, but as a seasoned folk and ethnic musician, I must say that the set I just purchased is quite good, especially the lower pitched harps in G, A and Bb.  There are minor tuning issues with all instruments, especially folk instruments.  This is what gives them their charm and voice.  I find my whole set to be of very adequate quality and I will not need replacement harps right away, as many have stated they had to do.  The set is quite nice, for the price!"
This is certainly a step up from the Hohner Piedmont Blues Harmonica Set that Amazon sells.  I have that one too.  I thought it was O.K., but I found that some of the harps don't work well and the gawd-awful smell!  Actually it went away after awhile, but in the beginning the plastic odor made me light headed.Anywho....This is a nicer set.  All harps work.  They feel substantial. No smell.  Pay the extra money and get this set.**UPDATE**  The letters designating the key wears off pretty quickly.  A nusisance."
I bought these just to add a layer of sound in my blues tunes I record, the notes don't bend easily...if you think your will cheat the big boys harps, youll be dissapointed quickly...these are little more than toys compared to $40 dollar harps, they feel cheap but have a decent sound ...i dont know if they will last, but to make harp noises without decent bends ... Ill use these sparingly...Jim"
Nice presentation, although the harmonicas are plastic, they look and sounds great. Also the price is great, so go ahead, buy it and have fun."
Great for the beginner!"
A very attrative, complete assemblage of blues harp.  With one in each key and relatively small size this is a must have."
I play harp with some some that I perform. I found that all of these Harmonica's the note's are off and it's hard to play, I have G Blues harp that I compared the G harp to and the notes were a little off. The C harp was terrible. That said the only thing I like about this order is the case. I going to see if I can return them for store credit."
you really have to have a lot of wind inside you to play these harmonicas, they are great but you really got to blow hard to get them rocking, adding distortion to them helps to brings out a better sound live or in the studio. These fit my budget and plus you get EVERY KEY you need for any song......WOW... Hohner has been around forever, well constructed instrument and very reliable company."
Let me start by saying that I never even opened these. I've given it a 3 star merely out of respect for Hohner. I have no clue how they play, so you'll have to look at other review for that info.I ordered this product based on the fact that the description states \"Includes a deluxe, red pro type hard shell case\". Well... not from Music123 it doesn't. When I asked Music123 about this, they said \"oh... well, we provide Amazon with our catalogue, and we leave it up their discretion to input the pictures and descriptions of our items\". REALLY!!!???Not only did this not come in the red case (which I didn't really care about anyway), it didn't come in any version of this case style (which I was interested in). The case that's shown, is the case that's sold individually on many sites for $19. So I figured... wow!... what the heck? I'm getting 7 harmonicas that cost $6 a piece if puchased individually, and I'm getting a $19 case with them. You'd be silly not to bite on that, right? Well... they came in a cheaper, nondescript black zipper case, not the one with the Hohner logo on it. Save your money and order this through Musicians Friend. It's the same price, free shipping, and you get the actual item as it's described on their site.In closing... it's been a week since I sent this product back to Music123, and I still have not received my refund. Do yourself a favor and avoid them!!!"
I bought this mostly for the case and to have a few backup harps kicking around if I need them.Some of the harps are out of tune slightly, not a big deal, especially considering what all you get here...This is an alright set for a beginner, and a good cheap backup set for a more advanced harp blower.I'll use the case for my higher end Hohners as needed."
If you are a broke performer of harmonica blues and need to get back on track, these will not help much. That being said, these are not junk, nor are they cheap nasty instruments - there are plenty available that are much worse than these. Straight from the case, these don't bend well, but do not despair. Having an experienced player break them in gets one of them behaving well in a couple of days (about eight hours of playing) So far I have persuaded the G A Bb and C to bend enough to satisfy curiosity, but they will not hold up to serious playing. I do not destroy my harps easily, so am not the most aggressive player out there, but I felt like these would certainly be something even I may wear out pretty quickly. For the purpose I intended these to perform they are about perfect - with me breaking them in, I can pass them on to my non harp playing relative for them to learn the basics.  Better use these inexpensive harps to over-blow and squawk through, than the set I will be buying in six months; if the promise of musical ability follows through. The advantage of the plastic comb is that I don't need to pass on any germs with them - they wash very easily, with no damage. For the price, you get seven good harps, that make presentable learner instruments, with just a little prep. Without the experienced blues player to break them in, it will take a bit of patience to learn bending on them - there are many YouTube videos that will teach the method, so try hard, persevere and you will crack it with these harps  - try learning bending on the lower key instruments first; they will be easier."
Nice and thick, the adhesive is very strong. I have used it on microphone electronics to shield out RF noise. If you don't have the shielding grounded, or in a continuous loop, it won't work. If you hear hum, it's not the shielding, it's your technique."
You really need to double the quantity and charge accordingly. The single order wasn't really enough to do one guitar and I doubt you could do a bass, either. I used the copper under a clear pickguard, which matched the rest of the guitar pretty closely. Then, I finished the pickguard compartment and the jack area with aluminum foil tape from my local hardware store."
This is the best thing I have done to my Telecaster. I had some noise, even at moderate volumes. After shielding, it is absolutely quiet. This peel and stick tape has conductive glue, so you don't have to solder the overlap joints. I overlapped about 1/4&#34; and had a 3 1/2&#34; X 8&#34; piece left over after shielding two humbucking pickups and the control cavity. The tape is petty easy to use, sticks well inside the cavities and is strong( I didn't break or tear any pieces). I will definitely be using this product on my next guitar build. There is probably enough tape to do two telecasters with single coil pickups."
If your electric guitar is noisy and crackly then you need this tape to shield it, even with humbuckers my guitar was picking up noise, interference , I installed this copper tape and the only sound comin from my guitar is sweet sweet music, no more hum, noise, crackling et
Great product! Easy to use and I was able to shield my entire Jazz Bass. It would have been nice to get a little more of it though, since this was JUST enough."
Item is as described. You receive 3 felt picks, plus a bonus ant hill music pick. (mine was purple) Picks were defect free, but the bonus pick was noticeably dusty from the felt picks, which a clean moist cloth will easily fix. But because the picks were a bit dusty it could transfer to your instrument. None the less the picks make my uke sound louder but you may be hearing the pick a little bit. But over time this starts to disappear. The picks are pretty comfy to hold."
Too thick, no flexibility. Sounds really harsh and like it is ruining my ukulele strings. Tried on bass too, again with less than satisactory results."
These picks are ok if you need them to be on the stiff side. I was looking for a semi-soft felt picks."
I bought these picks because the description said they were for the ukulele. I am having a hard time using the picks on my uke. I guess, I don't like the way the uke sounds when using them. It sounds too harsh because the picks are so stiff.But I am sure other people may disagree. As far as the quality and vendor delivery, I am happy and I have no complaints.I use the picks occasionally. Yes, I would recommend them to other uke players. I would like to let people know they are very stiff. I guess I thought being felt they wouldn't be so stiff. But I am new to playing an instrument, and I guess I just don't have much knowledge about picks."
The picks work well with bass, but they are just too thick to use with ukulele. The pics also shed easily, making your instrument dusty in no time."
I actually use these on my bass if my fingers are too worn from heavy playing, they have the same sound as a finger on a string, it is actually a really neat thing to have in my bag. I recomend trying one out some time."
THis is a 5 star stand, considering the price. Sure, it's not as sturdy as one costing a lot more, but it does what it's supposed to do without any problems.  I don't forsee any mechanical issues because the construction seems solid enough.  It's a music stand, so I don't see how it would take a lot of abuse."
I bought two of these, one for each of my sons (12 and 14). I wanted something sturdy that would stand the test of time and of boys that age. So far they seem awesome. They adjust easily, were easy to assemble and have a great weight to them. Definitely not a flimsy stand."
Attaching hardware is a bit cheap but over all it is better than I expected.Bag was ripped so I almost lost the screw and washer.This will work fine for me I think."
I'd been shopping for a music stand at local music stores, all of them at the cheapest price for this type with a solid backside are $45 plus tax. This item including shipping cost me only about $23 here from Amazon, and the seller Musician's Friend sent it promptly, got it within 10 business days without any problems. I had no trouble putting the stand together without any instructions. The bolts aren't as easy to adjust compared perhaps to a more expensive stand, but I don't care about that. It's not hard to adjust, and most of the time I have it at a certain height, so no need to fiddle with it, but during a group performance, it did need to be adjusted for different people and that was ok but could be smoother. If you're someone who needs to fiddle with the stand height constantly you might want to get a higher priced one that makes that easier, but if you are only occasionally going to adjust the height, it's no big deal. Other than that, it is a solid and handy stand that meets expectations and does what it should, for 1/2 price off retail. Excellent. I'm completely satisfied with this."
A great item for the price. Comes in two pieces and is easy to assemble. You only need to put in the two screws that attach the head to the stand. Each screw has a wing nut that you tighten by hand. It took me about 3 minutes to put together with no directions. It looks to be very solid and goes much higher than many other stands. Its also pretty lightweight and as I said the head comes off with two screws if you want to break it down for traveling. I am very satisfied with my purchase."
I bought this for my granddaughter to use at home for her flute practice.  Very sturdy and well made stand and adjusts very easily even for a 12 year old.  Should last her a very long time."
The stand seems sturdy, the base is like a tripod base of a mic stand, so it may hold up better in the long run than my other stands that have the \"clamping\" type of base. The top of the stand is shorter than my others, not really a problem but worth mentioning. The only gripe I could have with the stand is that the top takes two screws and two wingnuts, so it is not practical to use for gigging / setting up / tearing down. I will leave this one in my studio and use the others for shows. For the price, very sturdy and seems to be nice quality."
This is definitely a sturdy and well made stand - I have no fault with it about that. Solid materials, everything snaps and latches tightly. Good materials. Works just like it's supposed to.I have two complaints about it, though.1. The part that holds the music isn't as wide as other stands. I probably could have read the description and realized that, but I made the assumption that all stands are the same size. It's just wide enough to hold two regular sized pieces of paper. It will hold bigger things, of course, but the edges will go past the edge of the stand. So it works, but to me, it looks unprofessional to have the stuff leaking over the edges. The ledge is nice and wide, though, so it can hold some pretty thick stuff. But if you are using quite wide materials, especially if they are loose-leaf, you will want to look for a wider stand.2. Adjusting the height and tilt is difficult. To alter the height, one has to twist and untwist the tightening ring (like one finds on microphone stands). It doesn't just pull up or push down like the majority of music stands I've encountered in life. Adjusting the tilt requires untightening and tightening a wing nut on the back, which is a bit difficult to reach. Unlike every other music stand I've used that one can simply force into position. The good news of this is, though, that because everything is held in place with wingnuts or that tightening ring, everything stays right where one puts it. No slow sliding down in height, no slow tilting backwards.On the plus side, they are sturdy, and the feet can be retracted (is that the word?) so that they are parallel to the stand, making moving them around or stacking them up quite easy. I love the fact that the feet do this.These are excellent music stands."
Sturdy, portable, and the little extra weight is worth the investment if you ever want to put a music book (rather than single sheet music) on your stand.  Those flimsy, backless music stands are worthless IMO, especially on a breezy evening.  My bandmates are upgrading to this stand as well and we primarily play indoors!  I guess at least one of us is a bit of a windbag."
The music stand is similar to the stands used in schools.  This stand is durable, firm and easy to assemble."
This does exactly what a music stand is supposed to do, this thing is awesome!!! I love it... Thanks forsuch a great affordable product"
Needed a music stand of a certain width to fit in my gig bag.  This one fit perfectly.  It's adjustable and allows me to fit a clamp-on microphone boom arm.  Saves space at cramped gig sites.  Don't lose the wing nut, though.  It tends to fall off (since you must completely remove it to break the stand down for transport.  Not worth lowering to 4 stars, though."
heavy duty, pretty sturdy, finish is not the best in the world but it certainly does the job it was intended for, holds secure and adjusts easily"
Steady and stable with the lip to hold material without slipping off when turning pages and deep enough to set my metronome on it too. Easily adjustable, good finish, solid, much more stable than the folding ones. Just what I need."
This is an all metal (exc. for the adjusting screw) stand, full-sizedfor 20 bucks.  Exceptional value!!  What more's to say?"
These stands are great for my lesson business.  I bought a couple of them and they are just the right height and weight."
Yea how could a music stand be amazing?  Well compared to those worthless folding portable pieces of junk- this is a godsent.  It actually hold by 500 song fake book (you know the one- that weighs about 10 pounds!). It stays where you set it and works wonderfully.  NO complaints!"
Works as expected. Clips onto pretty much any mic stand. The movable head is awesome."
I have this pop filter clamped onto myOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone StandThe pop filter is double layered and spaced out fairly well. It provides at extra layer to reduce the p's, f's, t's, etc. It also is good for preventing moisture and spit from going into your precious microphone.Surprisingly, the gooseneck really does not make any noise when you move it. The gooseneck is sturdy. It is flexible yet stationary.This product does exactly what it intends to do with a quality build.Buy with confidence!"
This is a pop filter. It does a fantastic job at that. The plastic rings feel a little cheap, but that is just because they need to be lightweight. Ultimately, this is a great pop filter and the goose-neck is very strong but flexible. I would highly recommend this piece, as it also enforces a strong habit of stepping away from the microphone just a bit and not getting too close."
Works solid, looks solid, and had a good price. I would recommend it to anyone!I really like this pop filter."
This On Stage ASFSS6 GB Dual Screen Pop Filter performs great and makes me sound professional.  I particularly like the flexible gooseneck, which makes adjustments on target.Also, the filter arrived well packaged and in perfect order.  A well deserved 5 star rating for this affordable product."
The gooseneck holds its position well when adjusted into place in front of the microphone.  Also, the clamp works well.  However, the gooseneck initially made some snapping sounds when flexing it - that now seems to be in the past, generally; perhaps, it's a tubing issue.I have yet to try the pop filter with my microphone."
They sound pretty good. They tend to get un tuned pretty easily the first few days then they stay in tune for ages with minor adjustments."
I guess the tension on these is more than my uke was used to and when I put them on the neck became severely bowed after a day or two. Sounded lovely for the first hour, that's why two stars. Granted my uke is one of the cheaper lanikais, if you have a better built uke it might be able to take these but I simply can't recommend personally."
Bright tone.  If you have a dead sounding ukulele, as is sometimes heard in laminate ukes, or you want added volume, the Aquila strings are second to none.  There are other wonderful strings (Fremont flouros, Worths, etc.), but Aquilas remain the pinnacle of affordability and enhanced sound.  If you own a less expensive ukulele (under $300) and it came with \"no-name\" factory strings, or strings known to be of lesser caliber than the Aquilas (strings such as Martin, GHS, etc.), please just try a set of Aquilas, and you will hear a major difference.  There are internet videos showing the painstaking process of making these Nylgut strings in an old factory, owned by a middle aged couple, in Italy.Winners."
The absolute best strings money can buy for a uke.  Installed on a cheapo soprano, they helped a lot, but they won't do magic.  Good luck."
I have a cheap soprano ukulele and it came with plastic strings?  I put Aquila strings on it and now it sounds so good. It is amazing what difference the strings can make. I have 3 ukuleles in different sizes and they all have Aquila strings. Highly recommended."
I only have a low-cost Mahala ukulele so I wasn't expecting much of an improvement when I replaced the stock Nylon strings, (after watching several Youtube videos showing me how to do it). I was wrong. These strings sound much better - the sound is much brighter and &#34;cleaner&#34; than the nylon strings my ukulele was supplied with when new. The Aquila strings took about 30 minutes of continuous playing and stretching until they settled and now they stay tuned for long periods. My ukulele now sounds wonderful for such a cheap instrument and is limited only by my clumsy fingers. I would definitely recommend these strings to any uke player looking to replace their stock nylon strings with something better."
A perfect sounding string!  The crisp ring these strings give is undeniable, they are the best you can get.  Your uke is going to come with crappy strings, change them to Aquilas!!"
My first Kala Ukulele had these strings on it from the factory and I've never switched brands.  Everywhere you read, these are the strings to have!"
What else can be said about Aquila? High priced Ukuleles have them standard for a reason, they are simply the best. Even if you have a very cheap ukulele, adding these strings can turn a toy uke into something that wont embarrass you. I use Aquila and Martin strings in my ukuleles, the Aquila for most performances, and the Martins for those songs that require a faster strum pattern or a more traditional &#34;Hawaiian&#34; sound, as the Aquilas are a tad heavier than Martin. Even if this if you only have one ukulele, and you won't for long, you can't go wrong with these strings."
As a guitar player, I recently (march 2013) started to play the uke.  I bought these strings to replace the set that came on the instrument.  These string play good and stay in tune pretty well.  I will buy again."
Best Ukulele strings I have found to date.  And I've been playing stringed instruments and uku's for quite a while now.  I like 'em."
I BOUGHT THESE FOR THE SOPRANO UKULELE I BOUGHT FOR MY LITTLE GREAT NIECE.  I DON'T NEED TO USE THEM MYSELF.  I ALSO HAVE THE SAME QUALITY STRINGS ON MY BARITONE UKULELE.  THE STRINGS ARE VERY GOOD. IF YOU HAVE A INEXPENSIVE UKULELE, THE USE OF THESE STRING SHOULD IMPROVE THE QUALITY OF THE TONE OF YOUR INSTRUMENT.  IF YOU ATTACH THE NEW STRINGS CAREFULLY, THE TIME FOR THEM TO SETTLE DOWN AND STAY IN TUNE SHOULD NOT TAKE VERY LONG.."
Everywhere I go, anytime I hear 'ukulele', I also hear 'Aquila strings.'  I've tried several different uke strings for both my soprano and my concert ukes, and I've got to say, these are not my favorites.  I think the sound these strings produce are overly bright, a little squeaky and they don't seem to allow for smooth transitions from chord to chord in my opinion.  At least for the two ukes I have, these strings did nothing for their tone.  I much prefer the Martin Clear Flurocarbon strings!"
Theres a reason why so many uke manufacturers supply these strings as standard on their best ukes...they are simply the best there is for a fair price. The sound brightens up and amplifies even the most dull sounding uke, and allows for a smooth experience once stretched properly. Not much more can be said about these awesome strings...stop reading this and order them! :-)"
Worth every penny. Great sound and stays in tune. Will definitely make any uke sound great. I replaced the stock strings on a MAKALA DOLPHIN with these and it sounds like a more expensive uke. They are easier on the fingers and stay in tune much better than the cheap strings that came with the uke. Definitely would recommend these."
had no trouble putting them on or getting them in tune,  great addition to any uku bag, i would recommend them."
Fantastic sound -- just trust what everyone on here is saying -- if you buy these strings and slap em on a cheap ukulele, you will have bought yourself hundreds of hours of playing and fun!"
I have one setting that I like, and the only button or knob I use is to turn it on or off. Would never use it to record, but for the price it is 100% an awesome choice! Totally sufficient for a live situation if your amp doesn't have reverb, or you just want to easily turn reverb on or off."
sounds great.  Love the sound of this pedal but a few quirks.  It does not work well with a daisy chain power supply.  with this set up the second channel will distort a bit.  Forget batteries. They last 5-10 minutes.  With its own power supply sounds amazing esp when one takes in to consideration the price"
Reverb effects are no cheap but I was on a budget so I got this particular one. The balance between quality and price is good. The depth of  sound sounds great. I love all the options you get with this pedal.  The package comes with a bunch of stickers which I thought was kind of cool."
My newest amp (the Marshall JVM410 Joe Satriani) replaced the reverb with noise gates...a function I absolutely love. But then I needed a reverb pedal. Honestly, there are more expensive pedals out there, but this will do exactly what they do for a lot less money. Give it a try. I've been using it for a few weeks and I'm extremely happy with it."
I have 6 amps. One of which is a good tube amp, but with digital reverb. It fails to sound right. So. I researched reverb pedals and found the Biyang RV-10 Tri Reverb to be the best in design, tone, and value on the market. I was not wrong. Have had this unit for well over a month now and it still is amazing in how it produces just what was lacking with that one amp's pitiful excuse for reverb.This device, with it's three different reverb settings, is just right for any style music you play. The spring setting is really quite real in how it trails off and that doesn't happen in a digital device. Analog has that warmth that the digital fails to produce. The hall setting is wonderful. Rich, but not too over powering. The A/B switch is kinda a nice touch. Much like a bright switch or a presence enhancer. And the fact that it is stereo both in and out is just icing on the cake.Since it resides on my board, I have grown to use it even with amps I have that are built with good reverb. I'm so acustom to the great sound of the Biyang that I just use it for nearly every amp I own. It's that good."
I sure wish I could afford a Fender Twin Reverb with the old spring reverb...but I don't have the funds, and I don't have the back to lug one of those around anymore. So my Baby Boom does the trick!! It's close enough for my needs!"
Didn't want to spend $150 for a reverb so gave this a try. Nice unit. Recreates spring reverb very accurately. Playing through a 333 tube amp and it sounds like the spring amp in my Fender. For the price you can't go wrong."
I ordered one of these bad boys on a whim. It's definitely the best verb it's price range. You can dial in some pretty lush tones.It has a 3 way toggle, that changes it from hall, spring and room verbs.There'd is also an a/b switch that is almost a tone mode. A is bright and in your face, and B is very lush and ambient.Using these settings you can go from electro harmonix holy grail to fender spring reverb.Also has a blend knob, which controls wet and dry signal mix, and time knob that controls, you guessed it reverb time and amount.Very versatile.This pedal is built with great construction, though the first one I received was faulty. All sorts of popping and weird stuff going on.The 2nd one works flawlessly. Seems very durable, switch and jacks are quality.I highly recommend getting a 1spot or 9v adapter b/c this thing drains batter power FAST, though all modulation pedals do.This pedal does not suck tone, and is true bypass, though I wish this wasn't, as I wish reverb trails were avail after the effect was turned off.For &lt; $75 shipped I certainly can't complain.If you have any hesitations on the Biyang stuff, I definitely recommend it."
Nice reverb. Can get all of the reverb sounds you want. Got to play with it but I got dialed in easy"
I've been using it for nearly a year now. I was going to buy the Boss RV-5 when I somehow discovered Biyang. I had never heard of them, but at 1/3 the price of the Boss AND stereo Ins and Outs, I gave it a try and I haven't looked back. The 3 modes are nice. I leave mine set on hall because I've never liked spring reverb, but the spring setting on this pedal does sound exactly like a spring reverb. The decay time in any mode is more than enough for probably anybody, and I can say the same for the blend control. Overall, this is a great pedal with lots of sounds that will suit just about any style of playing. More than enough decay and wetness. Seems well-built. I've since bought other Biyang pedals and I have never had any issues like other reviewers have stated. I'm not ashamed of having Chinese clones on my board. In fact, I highly recommend Biyang whenever somebody asks about it."
Well I didn't expect much due to the price... But trust me this thing is really good...I've tried EH nano grail. I own the holier grail.  I've heard the boss verbs. And I really like this one. Save your money this pedal is good enough...I'll make a video and post it soon..."
This is actually my first experience with a Biyang pedal.  I heard good things about the build quality, but didn't end up with a Biyang until I needed a reverb pedal.  Turns out that reverb is a relatively expensive effect to find in a compact pedal.  Most of the popular options or $100 and up.At around $59.99, the Tri-Reverb has a distinct advantage in price, but don't underestimate its quality.  As some other reviewers noted, the reverb can get EXTREMELY deep and lush, if you so desire.  I found myself with the \"Blend\" and \"Time\" knobs around 30% for a practical spring reverb.  There's a multi-switch for Hall, Spring, and Room.  There are subtle differences between the three, but I'd be lying if I said they sounded dramatically different.  The A/B switch isn't well explained, but if you're in \"A\" mode, the effect is much more dramatic.  I found that operating in \"B\" mode was similar to the type of reverb I had enjoyed on my amps.  (Note: it has a stereo input and output, but I only use one Input/Output, so I can't comment on that).At the end of the day, it's a fairly simple \"always-on\" effect, and the Biyang does the job without costing a fortune.  But what makes it 5-star worthy in my book are the little pieces of attention to quality.  Having a thumb mini-screw to open the 9V compartment (instead of a plastic door or needing a Phillips screwdriver) is a big deal.  Also love that the 9V jack is on the top of the unit, away from the other jacks.  The pots are smooth and easy to turn, and the mini-switches and footswitch are \"boutique\" level quality.  This is a great reverb pedal - I don't think I'll ever need another one."
I just picked up a Pod HD500 and I love it. Of course a couple days later they announced the HD500x, but it doesn't look like they've made any major changes. Anyway, if you're thinking of getting one, here are my thoughts, in no particular order:*This thing is versatile. You can use it in a number of different ways. Just as an effects board with 8 customized effects, with effects and amp sims, as a midi controller, and as a recording interface, to name a few*Line 6 gave you access to the guts. Everything is tweakable, assignable, and flexible. They trust their users to read the freaking manual. I'm amazed at how much you can customize this thing to suit your needs. Want the foot pedal to control the feedback level on the delay? No problemo!*For live performance, this thing would be perfect. It allows you to organize your presets in \"Set Lists\" and name everything whatever you want. You can change between banks of patches easily and change between the patches themselves.*While not all the effects are my cup of tea (in particular, some of the distortions sound too harsh to my ear) there are enough options to make anyone happy. For example, I love the distortion I get from the tube compressor with the drive turned up.*The built in looper goes forward, backward, half speed, before effects, after effects. Fantastic!* It's built like a tank. Metal exterior, everything feels solid and like it will last longer than I willIf you've got the cash and need a solid array of effects for live performance, take a look at these and the new 500x version. Just buying a handful of the actual pedals this simulates (not to mention the amps) would cost you more money, assuming you could even find some of the vintage ones. Truly a great piece of gear!"
I've had several PODs and have never really been impressed with their tone. Right out of the box, the HD 500 totally blew me away. I know their marketing calls it \"HD\" because of the added tonal characteristics, and it's true - there is a huge difference between the HD series and the older PODs. I can't really say why they sound better, but to my ears the amp models sound significantly better than the older PODs without much tweaking and NO EQing (although one can tweak the tone with several EQs).One complaint with the older PODs (that I agree with) was that one could never seem to get a great high gain tone. This is not the case with the HD 500. I've been able to get some great high gain tones out of it without much work.At first, I purchased theLine 6 POD HD 300because I didn't see the value of the HD 500. After thinking about it, I decided to pick up the HD 500 and compare the two pedals. I definitely think the HD 500 is worth the extra cash, even for a hobbyist such as myself. There are extra controls on the looper, and extra record time. The wah pedal seems to be better constructed on the 500s (I could be wrong, but I DO remember them being different). The dual tone feature and flexible routing options of the HD 500 are amazing. I'm sure I'm forgetting some differences, but I know I'm happy that I went with the HD 500 over the HD 300.The drivers seem to work great on both Windows 7 Pro 64-bit and Mac OS 10.6 (they have 64-bit Mac drivers now). The included software is OK - I get the feeling they are still building it out. It's a bit glitchy but seems to work OK for the most part. The software updater works great and I've already had a couple of firmware updates since I purchased the HD 500 (bug fixes). There is also a much anticipated firmware upgrade coming at the end of this month that will add six more amp models and several adjustable parameters that are supposed to really help dial in the correct \"tube amp feel and behavior\".I nearly purchased the M13 to plug into myFender Super Champ XD Electric Guitar Amplifier, but I noticed the HD 500 had the same number of effects PLUS amp modelling for the same price! I know the two pedals are designed for different purposes, but for me the HD 500 made much more sense. I can use it to practice with headphones, or plug into my amp as an effects pedal. To use it as an effects only pedal, one need only disable the amp modeling and set the output mode to match the appropriate amp setup. I also decided to test playing the HD 500 directly into aBehringer Eurolive B215D Active 550-Watt 2-Way PA Speaker System with 15-inch Woofer and 1.35-inch Compression Driver, which may replace my other amps as my primary rig (I get the Behringer today, so we'll see).The build quality over the POD X3 Live has improved. The case is now entirely metal vs. a combination of metal and plastic. I can definitely see this being heavy road/gig worthy. I also purchased aGator GK2110 Compact Keyboard Gig Bag, which fits the HD 500 (albeit very snugly).Overall I'm very happy with this setup, and recommend this amp modeler/effects pedal to anyone looking to practice at home (especially with headphones) on a wide variety of musical styles."
I love my HD500. Got it a while back but have just started to explore it's capabilities. Sounds very very good and am happy about the fact that additional tones can be downloaded at their website. There are so many options, I spend hours just experimenting and trying different things. The possibilities are endless. Wonderful. I love it. Am sure you will too. ENJOY!!!"
The Line 6 POD HD500 has too-much compression even with the compression effect turned off.  If you want your guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then I recommend getting the BOSS GT-10 and installing BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg."
