B0016KV73W Used it numerous times in less than 60 days! My daughter was potty trained the first weekend of November 2013. I took this with us on a trip into my office for a backup plan. She has great bladder control (can last upwards of three hours). We left the office after three hours and put her in the back of my SUV with the potty and me (not a ton of extra room but we managed....wanted to give her some privacy from prying eyes :)) she never saw this thing before. She sat right on it and did her business (#1). This portable solution fits in a large tote or purse. I have used it to attach to a regular toilet on the go (just used it tonight at a friend's house at a child's bday party). Very easy.The liners are good. No leaks. I purchased extra liners too. I haven't tried rigging a regular plastic bag with paper towels yet. Afraid of leaks.With newly potty trained tots, I think you need a convenient solution for an immediate need. Buy it!
B0016KV73W I'll cut to the chase.PROS:Here's the brilliance of this potty seat:1) the \"wings\" (which serve as the base for the seat when in stand-alone potty form) that flip out to put on the adult toilet seat are secure and heavyweight;2) these same wings have rubberized grippy bits on the ends, which keeps them from slipping around on the adult potty seat;3) the base of the flipped-out bits can serve as a grip for the child inclined to grab the (*ack*) public seat.We've used this primarily as a portable potty seat, because we have another portable potty chair in the back of our van.  It fits neatly into its plastic bag, and the plastic bag fits very easily with room to spare into our backpack (which we use instead of a diaper bag). But I can see this working well for that function, too.CON:1) the hole is small, which makes wiping a newbie a little challenging.  (It doesn't bother me, because my child stands to get wiped at this stage.) I suspect some ankle-grabbing would suffice.  It doesn't pose a problem for the function, just, potentially, the cleanup.Overall: win!
B0016KV73W I love this potty! Much easier to use this then hold my 14 month old son over a regular toilet every morning to do his business! We part time EC, and this has been working perfectly, wish I had bought it sooner! He loves it set up on the floor, & has become much more interested in going #1 in the potty as well!To those complaining that it collapses on their little ones, you don't have it set up correctly. You need to push the legs into the potty base till you here each side click. I highly suggest watching YouTube videos on potette plus set up.I purchased the silicone reusable insert for the potty so we don't have to mess with bags... Much greener and cheaper! I bought the potty & liner for $15 bucks, you really can't beat that!
B0016KV73W This is so perfect. We go to the beaches all the time and there are no bathrooms and a child learning to potty can't hold it til we find a toilet somewhere. This works perfect. Small, easy, secure. I love that it also comforts to a toilet seat to put on an adult toilet seat in a public restroom. I use it most though for our beach trips. The liner you can buy for it works great but when I run out and haven't ordered none regular grocery bags work just as well.***edit. Oct. 5th, 2012 I had to order another one since we lost or had our stolen when we were getting some maintenance done on our car and it was in our car :( but soon as i realized it was missing I was online ordering another one because this is the best invention in the world especially for long trips, beach trips, or out anywhere that just doesn't have potties, especially for a little one that can't hold it like adult can, when my 2 year old says I have to potty she has to go and go NOW so its great to have in the car when there just isn't a store or gas station around for her to go potty at. I ordered 3 packs of refills with my original purchase and still have 2 full packs left LOVE LOVE THIS product and so does my daughter she has no problem going on it***
B0016KV73W This seat is such a convenient thing to have! It is small enough to put in a backpack or diaper bag and it comes with a storage bag. It makes sitting on public toilets easier (for kids and parent) and could be its own potty in an emergency. The only reason that I deducted a star is one design \"flaw\" that I'm not sure if they could do anything about. The front bottom is shaped/sized so that if my son's aim isn't down enough, it will actually cause the stream to start splattering. He's usually good about it and it isn't the end of the world to clean up a little, but I think it could be better in that respect. Would definitely recommend.
B0016KV73W This is extremely handy for an outing, especially when potty training a 2 year old. It took me some time to figure out how to lock the legs in place, but it's not a big deal now. My only complaint would be that the legs are so short, so even my two year old's knees end up in his chest. But I guess that's what you get for portable.
B0016KV73W My almost 3 year old daughter falls through the opening when sitting on it. She also tells me &#34;it hurts my butt&#34;. It will be in our next yard sale needless to say. I was hoping this would work for her. I even tried putting her foam cushion from her home potty seat on the top and she still refuses to use it. The foam isn't a perfect fit and just makes it clumsy feeling to her. The opening is way too big for a typical child of 2 to 3 years of age in my opinion. My daughter is not petite either.
B0016KV73W Seriously, whoever came up with this invention is even better than Henry Ford for inventing cars; hands-down this is the greatest purchase I have made for my 18mo daughter...and we've purchased a LOT!  My daughter said \"potty?\" the other day while in public, and was terrified of me holding her over the big (nasty) public restroom potty and wouldn't go...so in the diaper it was, poor thing. So we purchased this potty on the suggestion of a fellow Mom.I was skeptical, as my daughter is used to a padded seat, that sits on our big toilet (we've gone that route and not a mini-potty...she's done amazing starting at about 16mos~) so I was a bit concerned on whether or not she would understand what this was (when used as a stand-alone potty on the floor/ground):  it came in the mail, I opened it, popped out the legs and locked them in place (**you have to pull them out to standing position, then push them upwards into the seat until you hear them click**) and set it on the floor...she immediately exclaimed \"potty!!!\" and sat down to hang out.  SUCCESS!!  From here on out this new travel potty was my bff.I keep it in it's plastic bag, in our diaper bag 24/7...it paid for itself twice already: having it at my parent's house 3hrs away to pop the legs to the side and put on the big potty, when I didn't think to bring her usual potty seat, and again when we were on the beach and she said \"potty\".  I don't go anywhere without it, ever.It comes with plastic bags that will hook around it, that they pee/poo into when you'er on the go, and inside is a little \"pad\" to soak it all up...don't waste your money on more of these specialty bags...use some plastic grocery store bags, and line them with the thick maxi pads...it's the same exact thing, and a FRACTION of the cost since you can buy cheapo brand pads.BUY THIS ITEM!!!!
B0016KV73W Like many others here, I had to learn the hard way why the standalone potty won't stay put and the legs kept slipping out from underneath my toddler mid-pottying. It's because each side needs to be pushed to lock in. Then the only caveat is that the legs sometimes pop out of the potty when I pull it back out to unlock it but it's a very minor incovenience compared to having the most accessible potty ever, which is so crucial especially when your toddler is potty training...and especially on vacation...to large parks where restrooms aren't always super accessible (not to mention the lines!)...via a road trip. I can't imagine how we could've survived our last vacation without it. Best invention ever (my husband and I kept saying to one another)! I do agree/have to admit that the seat is very small and very low...but any bigger and it would be a bother to carry around. It's difficult finding the balance between portability and usability when it comes to a portable toilet, but this company certainly made it work.
B0016KV73W This may be the best baby product I've bought. My daughter was recently potty trained when we had to go on a very long road trip through rural Oregon. We were very concerned that she would regress and bought this potty out of desperation. It worked wonderfully! The legs are very sturdy when locked in place and work well on uneven ground. The bags are super and we have not experienced a single leak. We've used the &#34;mergnancy potty&#34; everywhere from the back of the SUV to the park to the beach to the side of an interstate highway. It's compact enough to fit in my big purse, so it goes everywhere with us.
B0016KV73W Got this just for its dual purpose of being able to use on a regular toilet and on the go.  It is nice that it is small and portable but it is really tiny when you get it on a toilet.  It looks more ring like than seat like.  This is especially true if you have an elongated toilet bowl.  And if you have an elongated bowl the seat actually ends up sitting towards the back making it a little hard for the kid to climb on to.  The worst part for boys is that if you/they are not careful the design tends to allow \"sprayage\" all over the place as there isn't much room between the kids \"junk\" and the front of the bowl.  Have the Bjorn seat in another bathroom that works really well.  Will likely get another for home and keep this one in the care for outings only.
B0016KV73W Great if you travel with a kid in potty training period. It is small enough to be carried around. It can fit even in a larger purse. It is very stable once it is locked in the position. The only problem is unlocking it. I end up with the handles in my hand every time I try to unlock it and I have to put the handles back. I do not know how long the plastic is going to resist to this maneuver.
B0016KV73W Where do I start? I love love love this toilet seat. During my search for a portable potty for my daughter I looked at many different brands and options. But after reading many reviews for this I decided to give it a try even though I worried that it might be bigger than I wanted. When it arrived I knew then its the perfect size. It is such a life saver in many ways. It helped my baby girl toilet train because the kiddie ones with a bucket that you have to throw out is just a bit too gross for me. I do not leave the house without it. I thank god every time we are out and my daughter needs to go but we're at a super disgusting public toilet. I grab a bunch of the seat covers, layer them up and slap this on top and she's ready to go. We've used it in my car too for times that a public toilet is not around which is such a life saver. This way I'm not driving 100 mph looking for the next restroom stop and panicking that she might go in her pants. It is very sturdy and easy to clean. I would buy this again in a heartbeat.
B0016KV73W Yes, its not the biggest place for a bottom to rest BUT proof is in the usage:My 3 year old didn't miss a beat (or the seat) the first time she used it. We keep it in the back of the car ready to go and she just hops on there when needed.  Its little legs were a little difficult to lock into place (and in-lock) the first couple of times but after that it was a cinch.  Once in place it is very stable.  They bags hold everythign well and its easy to get set up and packed away for next time.  Ideal for travel or a trip to the park when the porta potties are a little more aromatic than desired.
B0016KV73W This is the perfect little potty for our uses: emergencies and on long car trips. I love that it can be used as a seat on a big potty, if you have that option, or on it's own with the bags. I have bought the liners that this company makes to go along with this potty because I like the ease of knowing there won't be spills or leaks if I were to use my own. I also like the ease of not having to carry around both grocery bags and something to put in the bottom of them (although that's a great idea in case I ever find myself without one of Kalencom's liner bags!).We are using this as an emergency potty for our kids ages 9, 6, and 2, although the 9 and 6 year old are able to hold it until we find an actual bathroom better than the 2 year old.
B0016KV73W I purchased this potty to prepare for the next step in potty learning, attempting to go outside sans diaper.We aren't there yet but boy howdy what a multi-functioning potty.During potty learning, I know some folks like to have a mobile potty available in every room for their child.  I wasn't keen on this idea.  Nor was my daughter.  When I took her potty out to clean the bathroom floor, she told me that her potty belongs in the potty next to Mommy and Daddy's potty.  We nixed the idea of moving the potty.Then one evening while she was getting ready for bed and giving the 10th excuse to get out of bed, she stated, \"I need to go potty.\"  I didn't want to stop her if she really needed to and felt telling her to go in her overnight would probably be confusing to her.  I also didn't want her to leave the bedroom.I quickly remembered the portable potty!  I grabbed it and opened it up and told her this was her special to go potty.  She loved it and now we keep it in the bedroom for when she has to go during bedtime.The size is just right for us.  It's not too big or small and is compact enough that we can slip it into our travel bag for trips to see family and friends.I love the bags that come with it.  They seem flimsy but do the job well.  Each bag has this square liner that helps absorb liquid.  It's not as absorbent as a diaper but it does the job.  You wipe, drop the wipes in the bag and just take the handles off the sides and tie it up and trash.  The bags have a light but pleasant scent that isn't too overpowering.The portable potty plus also gives you the option to make it a seat on top of a standard toilet.  I haven't tried this option yet but it seems sturdy enough.  Parts are made of rubber that seem to help with stability and no slip.A few tips that I culled from reading the manual and speaking to other parents:1.  If you open it up to be a portable potty, make sure to snap the legs closed so it doesn't collapse on your child.  The easiest way to do this is flip the legs down and put the potty on the ground.  Put your hands on top of the potty seat and apply pressure until you hear the clicking sound.2.  If you use it as a seat over the toilet, make sure the handle bars are also locked so your child's fingers don't get caught in between the seat and the toilet seat.3.  If you use it as a portable potty, you can leave a maximum of three bags on it.  This saves you from having to re-line it every time and the occasional, 'I'm not done yet!' and plop back onto the seat after you pulled the dirty bag off move.This potty is not for the very young or for those that cannot sit upright for long periods of time.  It is a portable potty so it only has the seat and does not provide any back support.  I only state this as some folks have early potty learners.  We started potty learning early, mainly so that Mommy didn't have to use the bathroom with a baby on her lap.  Because of such, we also have a backed Bjorn potty in the bathroom.  We started using the Bjorn at age 15 months as a chair.  We started using the portable potty at age 2.Hope this helps.
B0016KV73W I was so excited to try this little potty for an upcoming trip!  The only problem is that our little one doesn't like it.  She is a very petite (21 pounds, 32 inches) 19 month old and the ring is too big for her.  She looks very uncomfortable on it like she feels she is going to fall through.  It also sits too low to the ground for her.  We will keep it around and hope that maybe she will grow into it and it will be a our \"go-to\" travel potty.  But for now we will search for something else.
B0016KV73W We use this potty often, and although the seat is small it seems to serve its purpose. My son adapted to it easily and never had any issues. My only complaint is buying the bags. They can be costly when you use it as often as we do. And any new child learning to potty train will need to go before entering the store, and when coming out of the store! I also only have 1 store nearby that carries these bags, and once there shelves are empty I am out of luck until they get more in. I have used a shopping bag in a pinch, but be forwarned they are not usually leak proof. I have also used small garbage bags with a maxi pad which served its purpose but can also be a disaster as the bag would stick to my sons bottom as he would stand, and also while out in public it looked ridiculas. Wish they made some type of adapter or someway to use diaper diaposal bags as this would be more cost effective and easier. 
B0016KV73W We have loved this potty - it's easily portable and works great at home too.  It's our all around potty for our 2 1/2 yr old.  Some reviewers said the seat was small - we haven't found that to be the case but he does seem less comfortable on it than he is on his little potty that has a foam/rubber ring for comfort (he squirms a little on this seat).  However, now that he's not sitting on the potty just waiting to go, he does just fine on this seat for the length of time it takes him to potty.  I would have given this 5 starts if it seemed a little more comfortable for him.  
B0016KV73W We do not go anywhere without the potette in our car!  We have been using the same one for about 2 years now and it is fantastic.  It is small enough to fit in your diaper bag (really, smaller and lighter than you would think) and incredibly sturdy.  Those who commented that it is not sturdy are not properly snapping it into place.  I had this problem initially, but once I got the hang of it, it is sturdy enough for even a very desperate adult ;)  We usually don't bother with the bags - we just find a nice patch of grass on the side of the road (we live in the country) and let the pee hit the grass - works like a charm!
B0016KV73W Caution for boys - the splash guard is a little too short to stop spray from coming out under splash guard and back up onto their pants when used on an adult toilet, and if bag liner isn't on just right - and definitely if you try without any liner.  The reusable liner has saved us lots of trouble and made this a good park/travel potty.  Second Caution is that you have to really make sure to click the legs into place just right or it collapses and pinches small fingers when set up as stand-alone travel potty.  Even after reading directions and thinking I was doing it correctly, it took a friend with the same potty to show me how to really get the legs all the way clicked into place before we stopped having trouble.  We now love it for taking out and about as a small potty.
B0016KV73W I wanted to love this potty. I read all of the reviews and was so impressed by how many people raved about it. I think it would work great for a young two year old. However, I bought this when my son had just turned three. My son is very slim at only 50th percentile for weight yet he complains that the potty is too small and uncomfortable to use. He also complains that it is too low to the ground and he feels like he will fall off of it. So, this travel potty is going in storage until my daughter turns two, when I will try it out on her.I do like the design of the potty. It is very compact and folds up nicely to fit in a diaper bag for easy travel. I did find the legs to be a bit tricky to get to pop out (to set up the seat for use) and back in (for storage). I havent used the potty that much though so maybe with increased use I will get better at popping the legs of the potty in and out.I also have to pass on a trick that has worked well for us when we are away from a toilet with my 3 year old son. If you take a large sized zip loc bag and let him pee in there it works rather well. You just seal it up or pour it out and dispose of it. Obviously, this only works well 1) for a boy and 2) for peeing only.So, in sum, because it is so small and low to the ground be mindful of this if you are buying it for a 3 year old or for a larger sized two year old. And even if your child fits on the seat, if they are used to sitting higher up on other potty chairs, such as the bjorn potty, they may feel awkward or like they are going to fall off when they sit on this low to the ground seat and they may refuse to use it. From my experience with this travel potty thus far, I probably wouldn't buy it again, but since I have it I am going to hang onto it and give it another try when my daughter turns two.
B0016KV73W Potty training is not an easy process. This 2 in 1 potty/seat helps a lot with the process. I take it everywhere with me. I mostly use it as a seat but there were a few times where I used it as a potty and it worked perfect (During a picnic, in the car once when parked..)The bags are expensive but I bought them anyway. You never know when you will need them. It's been a year and I still plenty of them left just because I use this product as a seat more often then a potty (As a potty in emergencies or places with no restrooms or with really filthy ones!!)Great buy :))
B0016KV73W we are about a week into potty training and so far this is my son's preferred potty seat.  we also have a little frog potty and a seat that sits on a regular toilet, but I guess this is the one he finds most comfortable.  I bought the reusable liner and I definitely recommend it if you plan on using this seat as more than just a travel toilet.Cons: I haven't tried using this as a travel option yet.  It seems like it would be kind of difficult at first, as it takes a minute to set up, too long for a newly trained child in my opinion.  I'm not thrilled with it as a seat on a regular toilet.  My son kind of sinks into it and the hard plastic leaves red marks.  Also, it doesn't work with a potty hook and we only have one small bathroom so I need something that saves space.Overall, if my son likes it then it's a winner and I like that it has three functions.btw grocery store plastic bags work well too
B0016KV73W Legs wont click into place and keeps falling down when my little 25lb daughter sits on it. It squeezed her fingers as it fell down and now my daughter refuses to use it. Its a great idea but if the legs don't stay in place and falls, its useless. This is going right back to amazon. I am disappointed as I really think its a good concept. Hopefully I just got a lemon.
B0016KV73W My toddler trained early (22 months) and is a little on the short side. Doing our business while we're out and about has been challenging because pulic toilets are so big. AND, I think not having an option for I'm while we're out was sending him mixed messages. I bought this today and we stopped for lunch- he announced he needed to go and he used it right away- no hesitation. In fact, he was even excited because it was just his size. It's small enough to fit in my bag and I'm going to carry it everywhere. I'm not sure how it will be for bigger kids but for my dude it was perfect.
B0016KV73W My son is on the small side for a twenty month old boy.  I purchased this product after I realized that he would not use the big potty at his sister's swim practice, and he was refusing to wear anything but his big boy pants... They sell this product at a major toy store for very little money so I bought it there.  For putting it on a big potty it works WONDERFUL.  No issues there at all.  The size is great for carrying with you, and the bag that comes with it is a nice touch.  My only issue is that when I set it up as a stand alone potty and my son promplty sat down on it, it collapsed.  I tried it again, same thing (much more reluctant child though).  I was not able to get it to click into place, which is apparently the problem... I do think its worth the money though, especially if you get one that will click into place.  Sure its small, but this is for babies as young as 15 months.. bigger toddlers/pre schoolers will likely need something else.
B0016KV73W I was skeptical about this one but, as soon as the UPS man delivered it my 2  year old boy wanted to go on it.  I let him go 1 time inside but, told him after that it was an outside only potty.  We have used it at least 6 times in 2 days and I'm mostly very pleased with it.  Setup is very easy (just make sure you hear the click when locking the legs in place) but, the built in deflector is somewhat small.  Until he learns to \"hold it down\" we are going to have to take off his pants and training pants so his legs sit wide enough that \"it\" points down automatically (you Mothers of boys know what I'm talking about).  Also unlocking/folding the legs was a little hard the first couple of times but, it seams to get easier every time.  I looked at a couple different portable potty chairs before deciding on this one.  The other 2 options were both bulky and 1 didn't have a deflector and the other sealed so you had to carry the \"waste\" home and clean it out.  Overall, I am very pleased with this seat.
B0016KV73W This seat is perfect.  After looking at all of the travel potty seat options, I chose to buy this seat for my three-year old for our recent road trip.  It couldn't have worked better.  It has fit on every public and home toilet that we have found.  My daughter feels safe on it and really likes it.  She always asks if I have it, even if we are just going out to the park or store.  Plus, she is most comfortable holding on to it while using it, which means her hands stay away from the public potty.We have also used it once in its free-standing mode.  It worked great!  As long as you clip the legs in properly, it is very secure.  Anyone who has had problems with it collapsing must not have had it clicked in right.The only drawback is that you have to buy their bags, if you are going to use it without a toilet.  But their bags are great -- they have a pad for absorbing pee, and are super easy to attach and detach.  When we run out, I will probably try to use regular plastic bags in an attempt to save money, but will probably eventually cave into buying more of their bags because they are so easy and mess-free.  Plus, since it fits on every toilet we've found, I doubt I will use it in its free-standing mode very often.Bottom line -- WELL worth the money.  Great product.
B0016KV73W I love the idea, and while my 3 year is not opposed to using it when we are out it is SO low to the ground.  I have to help him squat down so far and it looks so uncomfortable.  He has missed it comepletely and made huge messes in the back of my car.  I wish the legs could extend somehow.  Great for smaller kids I guess.
B0016KV73W Yeah, it's a great idea.  Now, does it work?  Yes!  When it comes down to it, people are talking about two things about this seat.  ONE, there might be a issue for boys because the ring is on the small side; TWO, PUSH IN THE LEGS for the stand alone position.  My daughter wobbled over the first time; so I checked everyones' comments, and now it's great.  Bottom line, great for the occasional emergency.  We all have been there in the dirty gas station thinking we will burn EVERYTHING when we get home.  Great alternative.
B0016KV73W After using this for a few months in my house for my 3yr 2mo old granddaughter, I put it away to use only for trips to the park, beach etc. and bought anotherArm & Hammer Secure Comfort Potty Seat, Colors May Varyfor my second bathroom that she uses. Here's why:1. The portability of this product is great for use outside the home. It folds easily and compactly. It also can be used as a standalone toilet when nothing else is available.2. So what's the problem with home use? When the legs are pushed up and locked into place, this just isn't stable on the toilet seat. My granddaughter has complained that sometimes it \"pops up\", which is absolutely true. Unless your child sits perfectly in the center of the seat when sitting down, and also gets up without shifting weight to one side, this seat will indeed pop up. That problem doesn't exist when using this as a standalone potty since the legs are facing down.Bottom line: This is a very handy item for day trips, but not something I recommend as a regular potty seat at home.Update April 28, 2014: I've been taking this along when we go out to different places to eat. It's relatively compact to bring, and since I don't let my granddaughter go into a public bathroom alone (unlike when she uses the bathroom in my house), I just hold it in place so it doesn't pop up when she uses it.
B0016KV73W I bought the Potette Plus (green seat with blue legs) at my local Babies R Us about 6 months ago.  At first, I didn't think it was that great.  My main complaint being the seat ring was far too big for a little hiney and my daughter's hiney kept falling INTO it.  Another reviewer made the comparison to it being like the rim of a toilet without the seat - fairly accurate description.  I just measured the hole and it's 6 inches wide by 7 inches long.  Compare that to the Fisher Price On the Go Potty (love that too) which has a hole measuring 4 1/2 inches wide by 6 inches long and it makes a huge difference.  I still believe the hole is much too big, especially since the potty is so low to the ground (only 4 inches tall in it's snapped together standing position!), making it a little hard for younger toddlers to position themselves correctly on it.  I am not sure how the kids in the product pictures are sitting on it with their legs out in front of them - my daughter has to straddle it.  I really believe the ring/seat of this potty could have been made a little smaller (even an inch all around would make a difference), and then it would be absolutely perfect and even easier to tote around.  So those are the only two negatives I have found with this seat.On to the good stuff.  It's small and when folded, can easily fit into a large purse or backpack, and it's lightweight enough to hang it (in a bag of some sort) over a stroller handle.  I used to keep the Fisher Price On the Go potty in my van, but now I only have this one in the van since it's so much smaller, lighter, and I can grab it and put it into a large purse for excursions.My daughter doesn't like to sit on the plastic bag that's supposed to go over the seat, so we had to figure out a way to make that work until she gets used to sitting on the plastic bag.  We cut down a 1 gallon ice cream pail so it would fit under the potty and we use the bags in the bucket, then put the potette over that.  Works great.  For now, I just keep the potty in it's standing position in the van and since it's small enough, it's no big deal.  I found that it fits in a drawstring backpack in it's standing position (even with the cut down bucket, lol), so we don't use the plastic carry bag it came with.  4 gallon trash bags work very well too.I've never used it as a toilet reducer, but I did just place it on both of my different toilet seats at home (one is molded wood, the other is plastic and picky when it comes to toilet reducers).  This seat clicks into flat position and is very sturdy.  There are little grippies on the inside of the legs to help it grab the toilet seat a little and it does help slightly.  Sturdy when on both toilet seats - even when pushed on by me.  On the molded wood seat, the potette fit very nicely, almost center on the toilet seat.  On the plastic seat, I had to push the potette back a little further for it to fit the best.  It would still wiggle a bit with a wiggly toddler.  I didn't buy it for this purpose though so I don't anticipate using it in this position, though it is nice to have the option.
B0016KV73W **Edit. I lost it in a public bathroom and I'm more heartbroken than I should be. I loved this toilet. It made life easy. Mess free.I went and purchased some... crappy kushie folding toilet seat cover and... I hate it. It's nothing like this one.I know it's just a potty, but I really miss it.I think it only adds to my review that I miss this thing so much. It fit 99.9% of every toilet I ran into, minus one that it was a tad too big for.. but the rubber grips still held it on there.There isn't another potty out there like this one and the sooner I get a replacement [it's been two months. -sigh.-] The better.-SIIIGH.-**I didn't buy mine from Amazon because I was too cheap to pay shipping so I found mine on Craigslist instead. Why these parents didn't like this seat I have NO clue!! It's amazing. I bought 10 bags from an ebay seller for 9 bucks thinking I was buying the potty seat before I found it on Craigslist. Got an e-mail a few days later saying they'd accidentally sent me 90. Oh no, what is a girl to do? Now I have a ton of lined bags which is GREAT for when we're out. Parks, deserted parts of the mall if we're a long walk away from a bathroom. I just love it. I threaten my mum and my son's father about ever losing it and what I'll do to both of them if either of them leaves it somewhere. x3 so far they've been very careful.I would recommend this for any parent who's starting their child on the road to potty training young. The bonuses of this seat are;1. It folds up VERY small. Perfect for in the stroller or over night bag.2. It assembles very, very quickly. Even when getting the bag on which can be a bit loud/annoying to do depending on where you are or what time it is. [3am, I don't want to hear a crinkley bag and taking my son to the regular toilet wakes him up too much. I'll be buying a potty special for my bedroom quickly. One that doesn't depend on bags to be a free standing potty]3. Great for younger children just starting to potty train. The hole itself iiiis a bit small, I admit. Nothing to little for my 1.5 year old. I started him on the potty at 14 months and found I was never making it to the bathroom in time when we were out. This has helped me calm down and know that even if I can't find a bathroom I can pull this baby out, pop a bag in and not need to worry about changing a diaper.=D \"this is definately a buy.\" - Fruit Gushers review kid.
B0016KZZG2 After months of dry carpet and adventures in the car, I am finally able to rate this product.  It fits our Nestl&eacute; waters and other bottles along the way.  My rough and tumble boy has only stepped on it once to squirt the water, and in all other cases it has not leaked and gave me peace of mind not using the water fountain. No more water logged shirts and scrambles for a clean cup while in public.  I really like this product.  Please note your child will make teeth marks on the nozzle.  My only complaint is that there are 2 nozzles but only one top (as the picture shows).  Why not provide a top for each nozzle?  We make it work though, and it was still worth it.
B0016KZZG2 This item works great, doesn't leak, semi-hard-to-clean, but still ok. The only real problem I have with this is not the product itself, its the fact that my son LOVES to squeeze the water bottle so the water spouts out way up in the air and then all over everything. If your child doesn't do that, I'd say yes, buy it. But beware the squeezer!! Not a good fit with that one! :)
B0016KZZG2 I bought these spouts based on great reviews but got extremely disappointed when I start using them. They leak badly may be because a lot of water bottles were changed for the past year or so. I wish I got other toppers instead.
B0016KZZG2 We purchased this spout for our 2 year old and are wishing we would have purchased it earlier.Pros:- Non leak spout- 2 year old can use it easilyCons:- larger than expected, but doesn't harm its effectiveness.
B0016KZZG2 Works as described!  And it does create a kind of vacuum so the bottle will collapse as you drink, but still-- just pop the cap off and back on again and that solves that problem.
B0016KZZG2 This is a good spill proof top as long as the one using it doesn't squeeze the bottle. It does leak if the bottle is squeezed. I wouldn't recommend for use with anything but water, because water doesn't stain.
B0016KZZG2 Air gets trapped and the bottle caves in. Would not recommend these. Good concept but doesn't really work well.  Waste of money.
B0016KZZG2 These are great for babies and toddlers. My twins love water. So I send them to preschool with mini water bottles & these lids. (plus my one year old can use them too) The teachers send them home with the twins at the end of the day. All my friends love them when they come to visit because their kids won't make a mess in the house when running around with their drink. I would suggest it to anyone.
B0016LVB4Q So there's really not a lot to say about this pad cover. It's very soft and seems to be well made. We've washed it a couple times now and it's holding up well.I guess the only thing I worry about is that it's a really nice cover for a place we're changing diapers. While we've only had one accident on it so far it does seem likely to get ruined pretty easily and quickly. Especially since our daughter loves to squirm while having her diaper changed and the pad belt doesn't really do the trick when it comes to holding her still. It just keeps her from sitting up.To top it off when we took the cover off to wash it she really didn't seem to notice the difference, which made me think that the cover is more of a novelty than a necessity.I will say that it is really soft and snuggly. If she notices the difference at all (or cares) then it is a nice cover.My wife did point out that without the cover when she did have her accident the changing pad is water resistant so it would've gone everywhere and run off the pad. But since the cover soaked it up... disaster averted.That said I think it was a pretty good buy but I think a regular cotton cover would've been just as effective.As I mentioned, it's a bit over the top but it is nice.UPDATESo it's been awhile since we got this and as I mentioned my biggest concern was it getting ruined.Well it's still in great condition. It's been drawn on with some markers and we've had some accidents, it's been washed more times than I can count and it is still soft and white.We use charlies soap which is pretty gentle on clothes to begin with so that may be part of it but I have to admit I'm pretty impressed with the cover.It's comfortable and durable. The same can be said for most all the Carters brand stuff we've bought for my daughter.
B0016LVB4Q Love the softness of this cover. Nothing much else to say since it's all in the description, but I'd definitely buy again. And of course I'd buy at amazon a million times over babies-r-us; they are such a rip off. Free shipping with prime and no tax with amazon, you can't beat that!Also, fits mySimmons Kids Contour Dressing Table Pad with Non-Skid Bottomand any other standard changing pad. Just don't buy that changing pad for the non-skid (because there is no non skid!!!!)
B0016LVB4Q We are pleased with this product, though it is quite expensive, if I must say so. I think it's going to work out nicely with our changing pad. We got a large, 4-sided changing pad, and it fits pretty well. I mean, it doesn't hug it like a glove, but we are okay with that. It is going to provide the function that it was designed for quite nicely. I would probably not recommend this for smaller changing pads, as it may be too loose on them. I can see a baby grabbing on and pulling it right off in the middle of a changing, which might spell a messy disaster...
B0016LVB4Q All of my Carter's textiles have done the same exact thing within a year's time.  The elastic gives out.  This changing pad cover does not even have the slightest bit of stretch left, so I have to tuck it under the pad, and it comes off all the time.  I do not wash them abnormally frequently--only when very soiled, with is not often.  I think it averages out to washing each cover once every 6 weeks.I really cannot understand how this gets a 5-star rating.  I would give it 0 stars if I could.  And since I have multiple other Carter bedding items and they have all done the same thing, I know I don't have a \"fluke.\"  My other branded textiles have not done this, as they are still stretchy after 3 years of continual use.Invest in higher quality if you need it to last over a year.  I know this is the only negative review so far, but please know that I am being as honest and accurate as I can.
B0016LVB4Q This cover is just what I was looking for, attractive and soft. I would have given it 5 stars, but I have not had it very long and I have no idea how durable it is. So far, so good!
B0016M10C8 I got these so my son wouldn't have his bare back on the cold plastic changing pad when we change him. My changing pad doesn't have a belt, so the slits are useless to me but they don't bother me or get in the way. These are nice and they wash well. We always have one on the pad and if he wets through it then we can quickly swap it out for the second one while the first is washing. I like these much better than the plastic thin Boppy brand ones I got at my baby shower.
B0016M10C8 I washed the changing pad covers according to the directions, and they turned rough and fuzzy.  REALLY fuzzy on the back of it, and kind of fuzzy on the top.  It is also impossible to get poop stains out of it...and with a new baby, poop will be everywhere!  We have just started to lay a hand towel down on the changing table.  It is bigger than these crummy pads and stains come out much better!
B0016M10C8 These pads are of great quality. I gave it 4 stars because its not what i thought it was. i was looking for changing pads only, not changing table pads. I want to put them in my diaper bag to use when we're out and i need to change the  baby. I don't want to use them on the changing table, which is what its intended for.  I will keep them because they are really nice and thick and soft and i can still use them in my diaper bag.
B0016M10C8 These are awful. They do not stay put. They are too small to cover vinyl completely. Should have some sort of slidproofing on back.
B0016M10C8 I thought these changing pad covers would fit the entire changing pad... but they only cover the flat middle part (on our Graco pack'n play it's the part that is tan in the middle) which is ok, but our little guy is getting bigger and bigger everyday and his entire body doesn't even fit on it (he is only 3 months old). I like using the pad covers because they keep him from laying on the cold changing pad, but with these his feet still hang off. He hasn't seemed to mind, so I give the product a 4 instead of something lower, but I was a little dissapointed that they didn't cover the entire changer!
B0016M10C8 I knew before purchasing this item that it was small. I knew that it would only cover the bottom of the pack n play changing pad to offer protection from the hard cold plastic. I have not used them yet as they were a shower gift, but they have washed well and will fit perfectly in the bottom of the changing pad and provide protection which is all I need it to do. My friends who own these say they hold up well and are a must buy.
B0016N3SF4 I like this bath set, it was a cute change from yellow ducks. drawback is the plastic rings deflated days later, but the frogs are durable
B0016N7IJ6 I am a huge fan of these placemats.  They are not smelly and plasticky and do the job.  They seem to hold up well with lots of food smeared all over them.  I would love the stickem to be a bit more tacky but we make it work.  They are also biodegradeable and affordable.
B0016N7IJ6 We've used these several times when going out to restaurants with the kids. They work really well and keep the kids occupied while we wait for the food. The only thing I don't really like is that if the kids put their food on the placemat, they can sometimes get crayon in their food! But it's either that or they put their food directly on the table, which may or may not be clean. The adhesive stays put during the meal and comes off easily. They're priced well and worth the time to use. I'd recommend them!
B0016N7IJ6 We picked some of these up at Babies R Us and we love them.  My son is now 2 years old but we've been using these since he started eating solid food.  Their biggest advantage is that (unlike Table Toppers) they are meant to color on and they are big.  I also like that they are made of paper and not plastic.Previously we had usedNeat Solutions Baby Einstein Biodegradable Table Topper Disposable Stick-on Placemat 30-Count.  These Classy Kid placemats are much better than the Table Toppers for a number of reasons.These placemate are wonderful because they:-  have adhesive on all four sides of the placemat (Table Topper only has adhesive on top and bottom sides).-  are big and cover a nice size area; pretty much all the area a young toddler can reach from his high chair.-  are made to go over the edge of the table.  So if your kids likes to play with the edge of the table or even tries to chew on the edge of the table these placemats have you covered.-  Best of all these are made to color on.  They come with a pack of triangular crayons.  My son loves to color these.  It has saved us a lot of trouble when food is taking a long time to come out.-  have different settings with either farm animals, or jungle animals, or undersea creatures on them.  It gives you lots to talk about with your toddler and lots to color!We will continue to use these placemats as long as my son continues to eat food off the table.  He's getting better at using a plate but still.  We really have not found anything better than these.  Although they are a bit hard to find you can either buy them online or at Babies R Us.
B0016N7IJ6 If you take your kids to eat out you have to get these placemats! They are the best out there.Pros:They are huge! They cover every part of the table your child will touch including the side of the table!The pictures they have to color are fun and entertain my daughterThey come with crayons! Which is great into its self but not only that they are triangle shaped crayons so they don't roll off the tableThey also are easy to store in my diaper bagCons:The only con is that the bottom part that is supposed to stick on the table is not as sticky as it could be. The rest sticks fine but the bottom one you have to press very firmly to begin with and also during the meal depending on how long we stay we end up pressing two more times but its not that big of a deal because most placemats out there don't even have the option to cover the side of the table. Anyways I highly recommend this product.
B0016N7IJ6 I love these placemats. It's easy to peel off adhesives and stick these to a table. The adhesive sticks fairly well. When very determined my little one can pull up the adhesive, but it actually re-sticks pretty well. I appreciate that these are are disposable and biodegradeable. We don't use these at home, but do use them when eating out to allow our little one to eat off the table without worrying about germs! My older daughter no longer needs these, but sometimes asks to use them to color on, which can be a welcomed distractions. These are one of my favorite kid products!
B0016N7IJ6 This has been one of the few 'convenience' baby items that has really lived up to expectations. They are so easy to keep in the diaper bag (unlike some non-disposable place mats that inevitably get taken out because they take up so much room) and unfold into a nice big rectangle.They are very waterproof - we are always pleased to find that when we peel up the place mat and it doesn't show any signs of falling apart or leaking through. However, even though they may get covered in water and other liquids, we were surprised to find that we were still able to color on them. Even though my son is not yet 16 months, we can keep him entertained for at least a couple of minutes with coloring on the mats and talking about the different animals and plants depicted on them. The crayons that come with the mats are triangular shaped so that they do not roll off the table - another bonus. Ours included a red, blue, green and yellow crayon. They do have a bit of a waxy feel to them, but we haven't tried our Crayola crayons on the mats yet to see if they are more or less compatible with them. I will update the review if we get around to it.As an extra bonus, I don't feel the guilt that I would if I purchased the plastic place mats because they are biodegradable.If there was any kids of negative, it would be that sometimes the adhesive backing strips on the bottom may be the teeniest tiniest hard to peel off. Just a warning if you have terrible hand dexterity or hand-eye coordination... Once peeled off and placed down, the mat has always stayed down - even covering the table edge (which my man sometimes still likes to bite down on at times.)Fabulous product!
B0016N7IJ6 They're huge, they glue down on all four sides, the images give me and my daughter something to talk about during lunches out, and they're biodegradable. What more can you ask for?
B0016NHN82 quality is not good, it had a little hole on it and I just unpacked in the the bathroom and use it right it way there.
B0016NHN82 My baby loves this inflatable tub!  When she was able to sit up, we started using it.  She sits more securely in it without sliding all over the whole bathtub. I love how it has a little loop holder on the back side of the tub for hanging. I use a shower curtain hook to hook through the loop holder on the inflatable tub and hang it on the towel rack in my shower. Convenient!  It's sturdy material and has remained inflated with no leaking.  I wish this tub had been available years ago when my other children were babies!  Overall - one of the best essential buys I've made for my baby.
B0016NHN82 Those plastic newborn tubs just won't cut it around the 6 month mark. Filling up a full-sized tub on a nightly basis is a waste of water. The Safety 1st Kirby Inflatable Tub is a perfect in-between. It allows for a deep bathing experience without using much water. It is a tight fit in the bathtub, but not unworkable. Blowing it up is a pain in the neck, but once it is blow up you only need to top it off every so often. I could care less about how it is decorated, so if esthetics is important to you hopefully another review can fill that need. This is a great tub and should be a registry essential.
B0016NHN82 Love this tub. It fits perfectly in my shower stall (since I don't have a bath tub) and my 7 month old LOVES it. The bottom gets kind of slippery so he slips backwards but if you had a foam pad it would work perfectly in the bottom. I have no issues with this at all.
B0016NHN82 I purchased this item to put in our camper.  We only have a shower in there and I needed a way to bathe my child when she was a baby.  We used it from the time she was 4 months old to the time she was 20 months old.  She got too big for it them and was used to being in the shower with me by then.  This tub stored very easily for travel, was easy to clean, easy to fill with water and was easy to drain.  My child loved using this tub.  She had room to play when she was smaller.  Toward the end, she didn't have room for her boats in there with her, but it served the purpose we bought it for.  We will certainly be saving it to use with our next child.
B0016NHN82 I have a 6 month old daughter who can sit up pretty well but still needs some support once in a while. She didn't seem to really enjoy the infant tub anymore because she doesn't like to recline long, and sitting up in her infant tub was kind of awkward for us to bathe her. We had started bathing her in the big tub with one of us in the tub with her, but it was a pain to fill the whole tub (even if it was shallow) every time, and to get in with her. This inflatable tub is the perfect in-between tub for us! It hardly takes any water to fill, but still stays warmer longer than the infant tub because it holds more water. It fits in the big tub with room for us to sit behind them in the tub or on the edge if we wanted without getting wet in the tub with her. It's soft for if she starts to topple over. And it's got a slight texture so it's not just slippery plastic. A bonus for her is that her bath toys can't get too far away from her. =) The one thing is something I had read in another review: because of the width of the walls, about half the water from the tub faucet ends up going down the drain when filling unless you use a cup or something to divert the water into the small tub. I'm currently looking for a faucet extender like thePrince Lionheart 2 Count Faucet Extender, Gray/PinkorAqueduck Faucet Extender, Aquaextenders that would work for a tub faucet (with a spout cover) instead of a normal sink faucet, but in the meantime, I found that using one of the cups we use to rinse her off does well to divert the water into the tub. Luckily, the tub fills so fast, I'm not sitting there holding the cup for long. =)
B0016NHN82 We love this baby bath! Our daughter is 8 months old and was starting to get too big for the hard plastic baby bath and yet not quite big enough or steady enough to go right into the bathtub, so this inflatable tub is the perfect transition! She absolutely loves it, it is fully enclosed and has a plug in the bottom and a hook that you can hang it up to dry inside the bath with! Couldn't have asked for anything better.
B0016NHN82 We used this tub for both our boys. I really liked how cushioned it was, and it was quite durable. The first one lasted about a year, and then we purchased another because we liked it so much. It wasn't the easiest to blow up, however.
B0016NHN82 We've been using this little tub for the past few months.  My son is now 9 months old and he still fits in it just fine.  I love it mainly because I don't have to worry about his bumping his head against the sides of the bathtub, and because it uses little water, I don't have to fill the whole bath tub with water and it's comfortable for him.  I would strongly recommend it to anyone with an infant that can sit up.
B0016NHN82 I use this for my 3 month old, we have been traveling a lot so the bulky infant tubs are not an option for us. We use this and it's great b/c it packs up in a suitcase easily and my son can lay in it with a little water. He enjoys it!
B0016NHN82 This is a very durable, high quality tub. I would definitely recommend this fine product as it's worth the price.
B0016NHN82 My 1-yr-old daughter HATED the regular tub when we tried to stop using the plastic infant tub.  Cried through every bath.  We bought this and she loves it.  We inflated it and let her play in it in the kitchen first (no water) and she climbed in and out over and over.  Once she was in the tub and in water, she splashed and played and just loved her bath again.  What a relief!  It's not very slippery on the bottom, either.  She suddenly got up on her hands and feet twice to turn herself around and didn't slip at all.
B0016NHN82 This is fabulous we have bought others in the past and none has lived up to our expectations other than this and I would recommend to anyone we bought for travel and it is so handy !
B0016NHN82 I chose this tub because the reviews said it was non-slip. They were absolutely true!!! My baby is starting to move around a lot and she has never slipped! I'm glad I bought this tub and didn't transition to adult tub from infant tub because she cried a little when i first put her in, but she got used to this tub fast. I don't ever deflate it. Ijust flip it over when done bathing to dry off.
B0016NMIOG We used this on a trip with our 11 month old daughter when we went overseas and it was exceptionally useful. The container is great and keeps things clean when you're traveling. We used these for a while even after our trip was over. At first Amazon or the company that sold it to us--by mistake sent us disposable spoons by accident but after notifying them of the mistake, either amazon or the company that sold the spoons sent us the correct product. Easy as pie and great service. Now that our daughter is 15ish month old she can't really use them anymore since it isn't deep enough to spoon a lot of food, but its ok...we still found these great when she was the appropriate age to use it.
B0016NMIOG Wasn't sure if I'd actually use these, but we find ourselves out and about and randomly stopping at restaurants or eating at friends' houses frequently, so I figured I'd try it.  Have to say, it is GREAT to just keep in the diaper bag and have handy for that.  Our toddler isn't quite old enough to be able to handle standard sized silverware yet, but these are small like the ones he uses at daycare.  Perfect to have at the ready, easy to clean, and the container keeps them clean and makes them easy to find in the diaper bag.  Every time I have whipped these out, I have received comments from friends that they have never seen anything like this and that it's such a great idea.  We originally bought because we'll be travelling to see family w/ no kids, and this will be perfect for that too.  Highly recommended as a diaper bag staple.
B0016NMIOG We have bought 5-6 different kinds of flatware for our toddler and the Take and Toss is our favorite.  I tend to buy the more expensive product thinking it will be superior.  For once, that is not the case.  The Take and Toss has no sharp metal so toddlers don't poke themselves while learning to maneuver their forks.  They are also the perfect size for a toddler's mouth.  It surprises me how wide some of the other flatware out there is.This travel set is my favorite!  It is on my list of must-have's and I add it to all by baby/shower gifts.  This lives in our diaper bag.  Not only is it handy to have when eating away from home, but it doubles as a toy until the food arrives.  My little guy loves shaking it and taking the utensils out and putting them back in, over and over.  It's small, cleans up easily, and is cheap to replace when a spoon accidentally gets buried under a pile of wet wipes.  Highly recommended!
B0016NMIOG i like all the dishes or silverware come with cases to keep clean for my son. it is convient for travelling or go out.
B0016NMIOG I always carry these in my diaper bag when we go out for outings to the park or to eat out, and they come in very handy! The container is compact and holds just enough utensils, and keeps the utensil from soiling other items in your purse after use. The utensils are easy for my toddler to use, and I always wash and reuse them instead of tossing them. Because they are so inexpensive, it's not as much as a loss when I lose one of the utensils (which inevitably happens when you have a toddler). I boughtThe First Years Take & Toss Toddler Flatware, 16 Pieceas spare utensils to use at home and replace in the container.
B0016NP0ZA This thing held up GREAT... for like a week then it would never, ever stay stuck to the wall anymore. Which is a shame because the lady bug toy holder looked so cute and neat on the wall... but i refuse to drill holes. I WISH this would work like it says... but my lady bug just sits on the tub floor now after use.
B0016NP0ZA The Boon Bug Pod is a complete scam. I ordered the Boon Bug because I thought it was so cute, but when I finally got it, the only way to attach it to my tub was to drill into the wall. So I had to make another purchase of the suction cup bracket so make it work. What a rip off.
B0016NP0ZA I've used this on two different walls now. A fiberglass tub wall and a porcelain subway tile wall. It's worked great both times by following the instructions. I think one of the mistakes that people make is wetting the suction cups. I've done that too and it slides. The instructions say to use alcohol on the wall to make sure it is bone dry. It also says the suction cups need to be dry. When all surfaces are dry and flat it seems to work very well.
B0016NP0ZA I bought this at the same time as the lady bug toy holder because I knew I did not want to use adhesive.  The suction cups work great.  Follow the directions, clean them and the wall with alcohol, and make sure you get the cups fully on the tile not bridging any grout lines and you should be fine.  It would be nice if this were included in the main product, but at least it is offered as an option and I think worth the extra few bucks.
B0016NP0ZA We got the Boon Pod, Ladybug and wanted it above our tub, without having to use adhesive to hang it. This is perfect. Followed the instructions to clean and let dry the surface on which it will hang. Works great.
B0016NP0ZA I had the taped bracket and it fell so decided to give this one a try. It has fallen once but that may be my fault (too much weight). It is great because even if it does fall you can just put it back up without having to purchase replacement tabs like the other one. I also like because we plan to move soon and I don't have to worry about getting this out of the bathroom. Would definitely recommend.
B0016RSDYG I did extensive research into a modern-looking and sturdy crib that won't cost me an arm and a leg. This Babyletto Modo 3 in 1 crib fits the bill. Setup was easy and the whole thing definitely feels solid. Much better than some of those flimsy looking entry lines - including the $200 Ikea cribs.I did also consider the Babyletto Mercer 3 in 1, but ultimately went with the Modo because there is enough clearance under the Modo 3 in 1 for my Roomba to move in and out. With the Mercer, just be aware that the bottom of the drawer almost touches the ground, so you won't be able to either vacuum or sweep the area underneath the crib - and that area ends up becoming a dust landfill.
B0016RSDYG I have had my son sleeping in this crib for over 3 months and am very happy with it.  I put it together by myself in about an hour and a half.  I took my time and moved a little slower knowing it was made of soft wood.  There were a few steps that would have been easier to complete with two people.  The wood is a little soft and I did make one ding in the wood on the inside, but this would have been avoided had I waited for my husband to get home to help.  Very sturdy once assembled.
B0016RSDYG My wife and I are having twins and we recently purchased two of these cribs.  We put both together last night and I have to say it was very easy to assemble and seems to be very sturdy.  Probably took us 45 minutes to put each one together at the most.  The materials seem to be very good quality and the crib actually looks better than cribs that are much more expensive.  One thing to note is that both cribs we received already meet the new CPSC standard for full size cribs even though that standard doesn't go into effect until June 28, 2011.  Babyletto (MDB \"Million Dollar Baby is the parent company) were great about responding to my email and confirming that the cribs we had conform to this new standard.  Overall we are extremely happy with this crib.Update:  We have now had our twins for just over two weeks and the cribs seem to be very comfortable for them.  They actually sleep better in the cribs than most other places, i.e. bouncy chairs, etc.  The cribs are solidly built and have worked great with no loose parts or creaks/rattles.  Overall still very satisfied.
B0016RSDYG This crib is beautiful, and I love it. It wasn't too difficult to put together and it looks great in our nursery. Amazon really does have it for the best price (I looked everywhere), plus free shipping on such a large item was wonderful. It came undamaged and well packed.
B0016RSDYG We received this crib quickly and the packaging was intact.  No dents, bumps, scratches in the crib pieces when we opened the box and everything was packed neatly and efficiently.  I was 5 months pregnant when the box came and I assembled the crib mostly by myself in less than an hour.  Needed my husband to help me hold a few things in place, but only because I'm somewhat clumsy!  Assembly was very easy and I love that the fasteners are placed discreetly so you don't see a bunch of shinly metal screws all over.We love the simple, more modern design of the crib and the finish is beautiful.  Very pleased with the aesthetics.  I did bump into it with the vacuum (I said I was clumsy!) the other day and leave a little ding, but I figure it's furniture for a kids room and it's going to get a little beat up.  I had read reviews that the wood was a little soft and dings easily so I was not surprised to see that my vacuum bump left a mark, but I guess I just expect that any baby/kid furniture is going to get beat up over time so that was really not a huge issue to me.As I write this I am 6 months pregnant, so we have no little one using the crib yet and I cannot review based on usage.  But based on packaging, shipping, assembly, and appearance we are very pleased!
B0016RSDYG I bought this crib for my 2nd baby, who is on the way.  The first time around, I spent WAY too much money on my DS's nursery furniture, buying all the conversion rails (from crib to toddler bed to a full-sized bed), etc.  At the time, it seemed so wise, but honestly, I don't think I want to keep the crib until my son is fully grown and ready for a full-sized bed.  But since we spent so much $ on it, I feel like I have to keep it longer than I would otherwise have wanted.  With the Babyletto Modo, the price is great.  It is very en trend with the espresso and white combination, and I don't feel like I have to keep it for more than a few years.  It is just as sturdy as my son's pricey crib, and seems like it will be durable enough to handle our next child, at least through the toddler bed stage.  I also like that it is low enough for me to be able to put a sleeping child into it even when we eventually will have to lower the mattress.
B0016RSDYG I love this crib! When I was looking for a crib I wanted a white one and a more modern one. I looked at many many cribs and most of my ideal cribs were way out of my price range. I kept coming back to this one, so finally took the plunge and made the purchase and am not disappointed!It came from Amazon in perfect condition. The step up was super easy. The directions were easy to read and follow. My husband put it together in no time at all. It is a bit lightweight, but I didn't expect it to be heavy with the price we paid.This is our first baby so I don't have any experience with other cribs but I am 5'1&#34; and this crib is a great height. I don't imagine having any problems with putting baby in/ getting baby out.
B0016RSDYG This is a great crib -- streamline, compact, sturdy, strong, etc. We had it as a crib for almost two years and had no problems whatsoever with it.However, when we transferred it to a toddler bed, we found that the side rail doesn't fit in flush. See the pictures and you'll know what I'm talking about. There is a big gap and shows the mattress under the rail. Furthermore, it shows screw holes that are no longer in use. We were extremely disappointed because it looks like a piece of junk now.I would recommend this bed for anyone wanting just a crib. Skip it if your plan is to convert it to the toddler bed with rail. Or even without the rail as you'll still see all the screw holes on the bottom and the mattress will slide.
B0016RSDYG I ordered this through Amazon and it came within 2 days.  My husband and I spent about an hour putting it together.  The instructions were ok, could be better but we figured everything out.  We had enough hardware and there were no damaged pieces.  Whew!  Everything looks really good and sturdy but I haven't officially used it since the baby is not here.  However, the assembly was good and the wood wasn't as cheap as I read in other reviews. I'm happy with it so far and love the color, finish and look.  I ordered the Willow Natural Coconut Palm Crib Mattress to go with this crib and it fits perfectly!  One of the reasons i picked this crib was because it is geared towards shorter women like myself and the price point was good for me.  I'm still debating on the dresser as I heard really bad reviews.
B0016RSEG8 This is a great portacrib mattress. I bought it because there have been some studies which suggest that SIDS deaths may be related to fire retardant chemicals in infant bedding and the lack of some newborns to process it well. This pad is firesafe through the use of a different, not so chemically laden process. In terms of what buyers said about the pad's thinness, newborns do not need the kind of thick mattresses that adults think of as more comfortable. (In fact, I once heard it put very well: In terms of SIDS safety, \"If the mattress looks like it would be comfortable for you, no newborn should be going anywhere near it!\") The comfort comes in whatever soft, lovely, tight-fitting material you lay over it. I used the chenille sheets by American Baby Company - although for said reasons, I wished I could find something truly organic (not just an organic surface as I saw with some products). I was impressed with the pad - it looks and feels very well made, and I don't know how on earth they got an all-cotton surface to be waterproof, but it feels remarkably impermeable without sacrificing comfort. The pad is very firm, more so than many other baby matress thingies - the other reviewer should have nothing to fear. The only concern I think people should have with the thickness of the mattress is that you need to make sure your sheets - which may be designed with a thicker mattress in mind - don't bunch up and become a crumply surface the baby could slide around in too much. If you run into such a problem, safety pin the corners of the sheet's underside together to make it tighter on top.
B0016RSEG8 I own a full-size Naturpedic crib mattress and love it.  It fits tightly in the crib, isn't toxic so there's no issue with off-gassing as with traditional mattresses, is lightweight enough for me to handle it easily, and is rock hard so there is absolutely no question about its safety.  When I needed a portable crib mattress I decided to try Naturpedic, despite the steep price, because I expected the same.  I was somewhat disappointed when the product arrived.  On the positive side, it fits snugly around the edges, leaving no gaps in the portable crib.  Also, it is the firmest portable crib mattress that I could find, and I tried several from Dream on Me, LA Baby, Colgate, and even Mamadoo.  Naturpedic uses the same Air-Core technology as it does in the full-sized crib mattress.  However, the problem lies in the waterproof organic cotton cover which does not fit tightly to the core of the mattress as it does with the full-size mattress.  The cover has a rippling effect and tends to bubble when the baby is placed on it.  I use it with the Grayson portable crib made by Babyletto.  The mattress dimensions match the portable crib dimensions perfectly, so that's not the issue.  The rippling issue caused me a great deal of stress when I received the product because my baby has just started rolling over onto his belly at night and I was concerned that this would create a suffocation hazard.  Because we've been staying in a hotel for a month (our home was majorly damaged and had to be repaired), I was forced to use this mattress as it was the best one that I could find, despite its flaws.  It has caused me many sleepless nights (but no scares).  There isn't a portable crib mattress that I have found that I could wholeheartedly recommend.  I still believe this is the best portable crib mattress out there.  Use this if you absolutely must use a portable crib.  Another tip, only use a tight fitting fitted sheet, preferably NOT one made of jersey, as the jersey sheets tend to stretch and, in my opinion, become a loose bedding suffocation hazard.  Instead, use the Naturpedic organic portable crib sheet or any traditional cotton sheet that matches the dimensions of the mattress, fits tightly, and has all around elastic.  And DON\"T use a mattress pad cover with it as it makes the mattress softer.  If you have the choice, stick with a traditional, full-size mattress in a full-size crib once your baby is rolling over.
B0016RVLZY When I purchased a bassinet for my daughter, I did not like the flimsy mattress that came with the bassinet. I began to look for a new mattress for the bassinet and found this. Make sure you measure the bassinet before ordering this item. I did and it fits well. A friend of mine didn't and it doesn't fit her bassinet.After 2 1/2 months of continuous use, the mattress is still holding up well. It is starting to take on my daughter's impression. It would be nice to \"flip it\" to even out the wear and tear on it but it does not appear that that will work. Hence the four stars.The price has gone down since I purchased my bassinet too.All in all this is a good mattress for the price and is a much better option than the standard flimsy mattress that usually comes with a bassinet.
B0016RVM4O Yes, it seems to be comfy, and I feel better about using this than a plastic/vinyl sheet for all of the obvious reasons. But I don't really consider it waterproof. Fortunately in my daughter's first year we've had very few leakage problems at night, but the first time her diaper did fail her, I removed her sheet only to discover this \"waterproof\" pad was wet through. There wasn't a huge leak, either, my daughter's cloth diaper had just slipped out above its cover and wicked moisture up, through her jammies, and onto the sheet. But the pad still did not prevent the mattress from getting wet. Maybe it helps for minor things, drool and whatnot simply by providing bulk between sheet and mattress, but I wouldn't count on it for anything major. Really wish I had better things to say about it.
B0016RVM4O We received the item, but the item itself does not seem waterproof. The underside does not seem to have any type of sealed backing and it looks that any type of liquid would nonetheless seep through the pad.I wouldn't recommend it.
B0016RVM4O We have not had a severe leak yet so i can't speak to that yet.  but minor leaks and spit up it does great.  the fit is a bit big but when we put the fitted sheet on top we dont have any issues.  would definitely recommend this one!
B001708AS6 I bought these for my daughters nursery and they look great. They are a perfect pink! Buy at least two of them (depending on window size maybe more) to get the bunched look.
B001708AS6 I purchased this valance for our nursery and they look perfect!  I didn't want anything that was too pink.  This valance is light and airy .
B001708AS6 I was so looking forward to putting this window valance in the nursery but was disappointed when it arrived. The color was not that really pretty pink that was pictured but rather more of a pink-purple. Also the tulle looked very cheap and nothing like the picture.
B001708AS6 I wouldn't be surprised if every baby girl room has this! It is the cutest thing in existence. Just barely pink, it looks great with any style...sleek and modern, or antique/vintage. I'm not a fan of pastel, but on this i was sold. it's whimsical, inexpensive and well-made.
B00175ROGU She doesn't pay too much attention to it, but every kid is different I guess.  The product is fine, she just isn't into it.  Which is weird, because they had one at daycare she was totally into which is why I purchased the exact same thing!  But now she's not.  Go figure.
B00175ROGU I give this to my four year old in stressful moments. He doesn't look for it - so no &#34;binky&#34; issues - but I like to have it on hand. This was Christmas vacation so I used it a LOT because he was off-schedule and had a hard time going to sleep. This really helped a lot.
B00175ROGU Durable and fun for my 23m son. He has oral motor issues and suspected SPD and this has been great. We trace the outline of his mouth around his lips which reflexively works his facial muscles, and he loves the nubby texture on his tongue. The only improvements I'd make:*Something to attach it to his shirt safely (he likes to chew shirt buttons and sleeves)*I wish it weren't hollow. This is often used as a whistle, and his drool comes shooting out the hollow end, which is pretty gross.
B00175YU7G I thought this would be a nice, soft rattle for our baby... but it's the only one we have that she couldn't care less about.  Maybe it's too \"boring\" looking for her?  She'll reach for it when handed to her, but she quickly drops it in search of something else.  Also, I personally wish I had noted it was made in China before purchasing.
B00175YU7G This company used to be great and then it was bought by a larger company. Says organic but it is made in China and stuffed with polyester. Not too organic if you ask me.
B0017AE3BO The handle is nice to have and makes it easier to use. The bristles are just like any other standrd shampoo brush. Have never used the soap dispensing function, but I am sure it works fine.
B0017AE3BO What a waste of money. I am so bummed that I threw away the box & can no longer return it even though I only used it once. Seems great in theory but does not work at all! Soap did not dispense and I swear after using the brush it actually GAVE my baby flakes on her scalp! This is totally going in the trash
B0017AE3BO The brush does a good job and serves it purpose.  It's nice that it can pump out a little bit of baby shampoo/wash (whatever you put in it) but it requires a lot of pumps and doesn't really lather or anything like that.  It's really more useful to wash a baby's scalp because of the bristles and not really a necessity for infants but nice to h
B0017AE3BO We purchased this for our newborn and have used it for almost two years now. The dispenser is easy to access for an adult and holds a lot of soap, which means no frequent refills. The brush side was nice to use in her hair when she was little, though her hair is much too thick for it now. The sponge side works okay, but seemed as though it didn't dispense enough soap. You need to be careful how you store it when it is full or the soap will leak out-- there is a printed reminder on the brush that tells you what end is up. It was good for what we needed, but not really necessary.
B0017AE3BO Worked awesome with the Winnie the pooh cradle cap soap! Just 3 days and my 4 mo old cradle cap is 100 gone!
B0017AE3BO Hands down, the gentlest but strongest brush around to prevent cradle cap.The bristles are thick but soft. The sponge part stinks though. You are better off just lathering the baby's head and then just using the bristle part. Sponge is too messy because you have to fill the body of the brush with shampoo to get it to work and it leaks everywhere if you do.
B0017AE3BO I love using this brush/sponge to shampoo my daughter's hair and her little hands and feet. If you rub the sponge too much it starts to peel off--we've already replaced ours once and my baby is only 6 months old. But, we bought it again because I couldn't find anything better, and now I know to be more gentle with it. Good, cheap buy!
B0017AE3BO It is very convenient.  The shampoo dispenser is awesome.  You fon't use a lot of shampoo, and the brush at the end is soft to wash my infant's hair.  The only inconvenience was the dispenser button.  It does not tell the amount of shampoo dispensed;  however, once you start using it, you will know.
B0017AE3BO I got this cause my baby has cradle cap, it really works the brush is just the perfect size and strenght for a baby I was able to used it on the dry hair to loose the flakes first, worked great. I was not worry too much about the dispenser wich it did not work very well with me, but I think is because of the consistency of the special shampoo I used for craddle cap wich is kind of heavy liquid, so it was taking too long for the dispenser to work and with a wet baby in the tub that moves a LOT you want to be quick I just used the shampoo as it is and the brush and I really liked it, I honestly recomend this one cause I also used the little sponge to bath my baby : )
B0017AE3BO I love this brush.  I love that it dispenses shampoo/body wash, I love the shape, I love that it is a sponge and a scrubber all in one.  However, they are not durable at all.  I've gone through 2 in 3 months (I bathe my son every 2 days).  I first thought that maybe I got a lemon, but the same thing happened to the second brush I ordered. The sponge is glued on and starts to slowly detach until the product becomes unusable.  I really wish they would figure out how to make it more durable because having it fall apart after 15-20 uses is unacceptable.
B0017AE3BO The brush I use in the bath, really just because I like to see her hair all brushed and her scalp stimulated, but it is useless otherwise. It is not good for skin, and the sponge side is not maneuverable enough to use in her crevases. I use a washcloth or my hands for most of her bathing. It would probably be more interesting if a baby has a lot of hair.
B0017JB6HY My daughter was less than 5 pounds when she came home from the hospital and this swaddle wrap was the one that fit her best.  It is very easy to get baby in and out of this wrap and it was much more difficult for her to free her arm from this wrap versus the Halo Sleepsack.  She is now 8 lbs and the wrap is a little tight on her already.  There is no way this swaddle would fit a bigger infant - I would recommend getting a bigger size if your baby is 7.5-8 lbs or more.
B0017JB6HY We have 4 of these and they are wonderful!  We swaddle under his arms because I don't like things too close to his head and he pulls his arms out anyway, but these keep him warm and happy!
B0017JB6HY not worth the money for me. I'd rather just wrap my baby in a blanket, like a burrito..she'd get more use out of that anyway. She only used this product about 4x. by the time she was around 2 months old, she was too big for it.
B0017LCZEU These are great for creating memories in your home.My wife and I struggled with trying to get our child to put his hand into the print without bending his fingers (trying to grab the clay) but ultimately after trying a few times (rerolling the clay) succeeded. We bought an extra set to produce more so that instead of giving each of them (our set produced 2) to our parents and leaving her with none&#8230; she will now have this precious keepsake as well.Things to keep in mind here&#8230;-clay doesn't dry in 1 o 2 days; ours took probably 5  days and had to be flipped over so that bottom could dry-product cracks slightly depending on how it dries (read instructions carefully)-Ribbon provided is green, yellow and pink so if you have a boy and produce two of these you'll have to use the neutral color as wellGood product.. cost effective for 'imprinting' a moment in the life of your child and yours.
B0017LCZEU So the kit has the ability to make two keepsakes, which is great as it will make Christmas presents for both set of grandparents. Really easy to use. Just have to make sure the clay is soft. Made impressions of my lo's hands then left them out to dry. Once dry, I'll attach the ribbons and wrap for presents. Wonderful idea.Update: they dried really well and truly hard. Both sets of grandparents absolutely loved it and can't wait to display it. So good that I'm buying another set to keep for myself.
B0017LCZEU These were great and just what I had been looking for.  I've seen it since in stores for similar price but I was many, many months pregnant at the time I bought.  Much more convenient to order from Amazon. I was able to get 2 molds from it. Highly recommend.
B0017LCZEU I made two hand print ornaments from this kit.  The dough was easy to roll, and I really liked the final product.  The ornament was a bit boring, so I painted it with glitter and glazed it for shine.
B0017LCZEU These did not turn out good at all even after following all the directions. They dried very cracked as opposed to a smooth surface as pictured. I do not recommend.
B0017LCZEU follow the directions closely and you  shouldn't have any issues.Mine turned out very lovely and i couldn't be happier. i did a bunch of them for christmas gifts too ( you can only make 2 from each box tho, i'm saying i bought more to use as christmas gifts)don't put them near direct heat or direct cold and they will last in better condition.
B0017LCZEU We haven't made these yet... they are going to be Christmas presents for the grandparents. Can't wait to make them with my son! :) (He's 8 weeks)
B0017LCZEU This is another must have, we put her little foot prints up every Christmas, I'm so glad I got this!
B0017LCZEU Skip the round mold and the straw that are included with this kit as they leave rough edges. Best to roll 1/3 - 1/2 of the clay into a ball in your hands with a sprinkle of water then flatten it out, ideally onto something non-stick, by hand or with a smooth bottomed plate that's also been spritzed with water. Immediately press baby's hand or foot into the clay in a gentle but firm rolling motion from heel to toe or palm to fingertips then quickly touch up any edge cracking with moistened finger tips.My disks took about a week to fully cure during dry mid-Winter. Even then they should be very carefully removed from whatever surface they're drying on and the back may still not be entirely smooth. The included ribbon is &#34;meh&#34; in quality and color and you'll need a thin acrylic paint from a craft or art store anyway if you don't want to keep the matte white clay finish. To add ribbon holes I used a low volt power drill with progressively larger drill bits until I got the diameter I wanted.
B0017LCZEU Used these when my baby was 2 weeks old. Very easy to work with, and they turned out great. Definitely recommend!
B0017LCZEU Finally I found one that worked! It was great. There wasn't a strict time limit so if I wasn't able to get a good print, I just started over again until it was right. It dried in a few days and stayed hard. I would do it again.
B0017LCZEU Since I was having my first child, I wanted to do everything. I got these around Christmas and tried them. the first time was a disaster. I followed the directions but the clay kept getting stuck to the cutter. finally I used my head and sprayed pam on the round cutter before cutting into the clay. best idea ever! if you get this, remember what I said. itll come in handy.
B0017LCZEU I loved making keepsakes of my baby's hand and foot. The instructions were clear, and easy to do. There were 3 ribbons to choose from. Pink, blue, and yellow.
B0017LCZEU The clay is easy to use and roll out, but I did not think that they impressions came out too clearly. Overall a good bet due to the fact that they are easy to use and inexpensive, but you sacrifice detail due to the nature of the clay, which almost has a spongy quality to it.
B0017LCZEU This is one of the best ways to preserve your child's hand or footprint.  Easy to mold and shape, dries nicely.  SOOOOOO much better than dealing with plaster!!!!  This material is awesome!
B0017LCZEU This kit makes a great Christmas gift or a way to commemorate baby's itsy-bitsy feet and hands for yourself and loved ones. I purchased the keepsake kit for a memento of my son's hands and feet. It contains a sealed package of the molding clay, three ribbons (pink, yellow, and blue), a pointy straw for making a hole, a dinky little roller that's not up to the task of rolling out the clay efficiently, a large round cardboard cutter, and basic instructions on how to create the ornaments.I strongly advise adding parchment paper to the list, not just to protect your countertops or table, but also for allowing the ornaments to dry. The hardening period takes anywhere from 4 to 7 days, and the parchment paper ensured the back of the clay was not exposed, disturbed, or crumbly. Parchment paper also makes for easy transfer.Making an ornament is straightforward. Roll out the clay to desired thickness, fight with your squirmy baby's reflexes to spontaneously curl his toes or contract her precious little hand into a fist, press down gently for an impression while your newborn honks blue murder, and then examine the results. With some luck, you may have a reasonable impression and an infuriated spouse co-opted into this special form of infantile torment. Didn't know that babies generally refuse to spread their fingers and adorable little toes when asked? Well, now you do. My husband decided to roll out the clay again for a second impression, and a third, at my insistence because the ravenous claw marks scratched over the white surface rather resembled an attack by a very tiny, very persistent velociraptor. Not exactly what I had in mind for enshrining my 8-week-old's most precious extremities.Once you do manage to gain an impression - preferably after a bottle of wine, I'll note, but not if you're the nursing mother - then keep it inside the wooden frame for best results. Drying may be a smidge slower, but without risk of cracking or falling apart by some act of circumstance. We used a large round cookie cutter in addition to the cardboard ornament cutter provided; between the two, the metal cookie cutter worked far better for clean edges and punching through the clay. The cardboard was shorter and flimsier.The results are very attractive though. Note for an average sized 2 month old baby, two plaques is all we managed to eke out without some creative positioning.
B0017LCZEU Product worked exactly as the package stated.  I had plenty of clay to make 2 keepsakes and had a little clay left over.  You do have to press firmly on your child's hand to get the imprint but the clay was moist enough that I could try again if I didn't like results the first time.  Since my daughter is only 6 months old, I had enough room on the edges of my keepsakes to add little christmas buttons for some color.  Fun project.
B0017LCZEU Pros:- Enough clay to do the job- Good parts and instructions- Easy to use- Dries fairly quickly i guess (2 days)Cons:- As it dried it got small visible cracks, nothing chipped off nor did it break, just visible cracks- It's HEAVY.  May have to screw the tree to the ground so it doesn't tip over (haha)We've since bought a \"bake it\" kit and we like the results much better.  It's much lighter, no cracks and seems more sturdy.
B0017LCZEU I bought this and it was so easy to use!  The only hard part was getting my 7 month old to not move her hand when I was trying to make the imprint, though the foot was no problem. I think it would be smarter if next time I did it with a with a sleeping baby!  I was actually able to get four great ornaments out of this set, though I did not make extremely thick ornaments. I made 4, 1/8 inch thick ornaments,  The clay was very easy to use.  I used a bigger straw than the one given as it was much easier to thread the ribbon through.
B0017LCZEU I really enjoyed making my son's handprint and footprint from this kit. I'm glad it is something I can look at every Christmas.
B0017LCZEU It went together easy and even held up to multiple kneading.  My son tended to grab it once we made the impression and so we had to redo it multiple times.  Eventually had to hold him upside down so the his catch reflex triggered and he held his hands out. LOL. But we got it and then it was easy to use the tools to cut it and the hole for the ribbon out and the ribbons were great. We were actually able to make two with one kit.
B0017LCZEU This \"kit\" consists of:-A sealed package of molding material-A \"hole punch.\"  It is actually part of a drinking straw.  Literally.  It is the bottom few inches of a flimsy, striped plastic drinking straw.-A \"rolling pin.\"  This is a piece of dowel, about 1/2\" in diameter.-A wooden cookie-cutter.  Adequate for the job but leave sloppy edges.-Three lengths of ribbon: 1 blue, 1 pink, and 1 cream/yellowish in colorThe material is easy to work with and is a good consistency.  I was able to make 2 ornaments with a bit left over.  (I would not have had enough material to make 3.)  So, this kit will definitely provide what you need to make 2 plaques as advertised.  But given what it includes, it's difficult to see what justifies the price.  It's a chunk of synthetic clay plus a few pennies' worth of add-ons.Okay, a couple of tips for use of this product:1.  If you have a round biscuit cutter or cookie-cutter of an appropriate size, definitely use that instead of the cutter they provide - you'll get much cleaner edges!2.  The packaging said that the ornaments would dry in 1-2 days.  I did not find this to be true.  It took nearly a week before mine were fully hardened and dry.  I live in a desert climate, so I do not think humidity was the issue.  So, if you are planning to make these as a gift, DO NOT wait until the last minute -- give yourself plenty of lead time for them to dry!!
B0017LCZEU very cute project. We did this with our one month old. It was very hard to do it with a one month old. came out okay. Had to give it a couple of tries. Dried well. Love the ribbons.
B0017LCZEU Our family loved getting these for Christmas!  They were pretty easy to make, although we didn't like the cutters that they provided because they left the edges really ragged.  We just formed our own little circles.  I would use them early on though because our 4-mo-old's feet were nearly too big for the ornament!
B0017LCZEU I though this clay came with the stand; the picture is misleading. It takes a few tries before you get it right, but works well!
B0017LCZEU the clay molds very well, and the circle cutter and straw work great to create a classy-looking ornament. 4 stars because the circle was too small for my (large) 4.5 month-old's foot! (says it's good for up to two years old) so now I have one really nice hand ornament and one messy looking foot ornament. Overall would buy again though.
B0017LCZEU This kit is very user friendly.  Easy to use.  However, the clay is too hard.  I'm debating whether to purchase another one because I think I need to apply more pressure when doing the hand prints to get deeper better prints.  However, I pushed down on the sleeping baby's hand pretty hard.  The cutter was bad as all the other reviews say, I used a box cutter to cut away the excess left from the circular cutter provided in the kit.  Forget about using the &#34;rolling pin&#34; they provide unless you want weird dents in your clay and uneven clay..I used my own rolling pin.  Given the price and the fact that 2 of the items included in the kit I had to use my own household item or improvise I give it 3 stars majority going towards ease of use.  Note: apply pressure when doing hand prints! Don't hurt your little one though!!
B0017LCZEU The kit itself was easy, getting my newborn to unclinch her fist to make the hand print not so much. The kit had everything I needed and I was actually able to make 4 placques!  My only reserve, was it seemed to crack a little bit when it dried.  It's not extremely noticeable, so I only took off one star.  It could have also been user error.  However, right after I bought and made this I saw a recipe for a handprint mold on pinterest with flour and water.  Might try that next time before I buy another kit.
B0017LCZEU I ordered this kit to make tree ornaments of my baby's hand and foot prints for her first Christmas.  They turned out so well!  I'm not sure why the instructions say to roll it out 3/4 inch thick though.  A half inch would be plenty to leave a print and would be less heavy.  My baby was about 10 months when we did these and was able to fit her hand in the circle provided.  I just rolled out the remaining piece free form for her foot.  There was no mess for the baby and they dried in a few days.
B0017LCZEU You could probably make your own salt dough and save some money instead of buying this product. I was not impressed.
B0017LCZEU I don't recommend making 3 keepsakes out of one package but you can split in half and soften half at a time and it's a perfect amount.  I used everything provided in the package and they turned out great.  I made one of baby's hand and one of his foot.  Some of the reviewers were talking about putting a lot of pressure on baby's hand to make a good imprint but I found that to be untrue, i did not have to hurt a baby to make an imprint LOL.  Just make sure you soften it better and it's very soft.
B0017LCZEU We used this to make ornaments for our family members and it worked out great. If you roll the clay flat enough, you can actually get 3 hand prints. I used a glitter paint and added a touch of shine to it. Looks beautiful on our tree and we'll have it as a keepsake for years to come.
B0017LCZEU This clay works really well and is the old school type clay that captures every groove and fingerprint. I also used the pearhead kit but liked this one way better. Faster drying time and better imprints. I was also able to make 5 ornaments out of one kit!
B0017LCZEU Amazing ornaments.. Took about a week to complete.. But if you take the time to dry, sand edges, spray paint,then decorate, you will have amazing results! I glues a picture to the back of mine and decorated. Best time investment! They're only little once. I bought two sets and made 6 ornaments.
B0017LCZEU Cane out perfect could have probably made 3 plaques...very easy to do... Plan to do it again once he's older like school age
B0017LCZEU Very easy to use and you don't have to bake them!  Very please with this purchase.  I gave them out as gifts
B0017LCZEU It did the job, the only con is it's a bit heavy when dry which only concerns me because I'm using it as Christmas ornament.  I was able to imprint both the hand and foot of my 4 month old baby.
B0017LCZEU Easy to use and enough to do the twins hands as well as leftover for a dog paw! It came with three ribbons so it worked out perfect! Takes awhile to dry but no biggie.
B0017LCZEU These were a pain to make and did not turn out well at all.  I didn't realize how awful the material was until I had opened the container, so it was too late to return.  I found this to be a total waste of money.
B0017LCZEU Was able to make three keepsakes out of this and it was pretty easy to do!  The hard part was figuring out when to do it since mine are 9 months old and it's hard keeping them still.  I tried to do their feet, but they were far too big now for that, I'd recommend that for a newborn if you're going to do it.  The issue is, they tend to move their hands a lot.  So mine weren't perfect, but really, that in itself was nice to have captured.
B0017LCZEU Clear instructions, extra clay, added ribbons. Everything makes the kit complete. Not too pricey compared to some other similar products.
B0017NC77I This is a fantastic umbrella stroller.  I picked this over the Maclaren Vollo and am extremely pleased.  A few things I love about it:--The sunshade is huge and can extend almost all the way down over the baby.  Also, a flap in the back protects them from the sun in that direction, while making it easy to peek down and check on them when pushing them.--The place where the straps click together has a little flap that velcros down over it.  Probably not necessary, but a nice feature.--The seat insert comes out VERY easily for washing.--The seat insert in a nice meshy type fabric that seems cool for hot weather.--The seat isn't as deep as the Vollo, meaning that smaller babies can ride in this without slumping over as much.  I know, they tell you to wait for 6 months to use these, but I was able to put my 3.5 month in here no problem because of the way the seat is made, its just more supportive than the Vollo.--Unlike the Vollo, this stroller has a built in stand, so that the stroller stands up when folded!  Wheels don't touch the sunshade or anything, so nothing gets dirty.--The fold is easy, although does require two hands.  The unfold can be done with one hand.
B0017NC77I I got this stroller for a international trip back to the USA with my 2 1/2 year old.  I needed a light umbrella stroller but didn't want to give up and get ones of those cheap 10 dollar ones.  I LOVE this stroller.  It is super light. It is really easy to fold up on my own and quickly when I am in line for security. The back basket was SO easy to get to.  I have tried to get into the backs of a Mclaren stroller before it was much harder.  This was a great buy and worth it for our trip. I love that the padding is removable for washing or for hot days.  I have noticed that since my trip my stroller doesn't stand on its own as well either.
B0017NC77I I bought this stroller because it's so light and easy on my back!Here are the reasons I love it:-Super light-Easy to maneuver, even with one hand-nice large canopy-removable seat so you can wash easily-decent sized basket-Easy to open and close-Stands up when closed (This is SO nice!)I really have no complaints right now. We use the stroller for either quick trips outside or quick errands. The terrain around my house is pretty rugged, so we use our Vista for neighborhood walks. This is really just for me to be able to pop baby in the stroller if I want to run an errand or shop in a small store. Even though it doesn't recline, we decided it probably wouldn't matter for us since I only use for quick trips.**To address some problems people have had**Before purchasing I read that some people had problems with the basket catching on the closing mechanism, but I haven't had that problem. Also, I'm 5'3\" and haven't had problems kicking the wheels. My Father-in-law is much taller than me and my husband - He's around 6' and did kick the wheels quite a bit.**Money-Saving Tip**...Uppababy usually comes out with an updated line of their strollers every year around February/March I think. Check for sales on the older versions then; there are usually not that many worthy changes to the newer ones (though, sometimes there are). I know one year the only change were the color options, and they still lowered the price!
B0017NC77I I went into a local stroller store with my heart set on buying the Maclaren volo and ended up walking out with this stroller instead.  The reasons I was going to get the Volo were1.  Lightweight--I needed a stroller to take on the subway that I might actually be able to carry up and down the stairs if i had too.  Our other stroller (City Mini) is fantastic but just too heavy for me to do that alone.2.  Mesh sides.  I wanted something that would be cool for summer since often I carry him in a Mei Tai but in the summer it just gets too hot.  I planned on getting a universal seat liner for the winter to insulate hiis back a bit.3.  Easily steerable with one hand.The reasons I ended up with the G Lite are1.  I picked up both strollers and this really did feel lighter--not by much but every bit helps.  Ultimately with all the accessories I2.  This has a cushy seat liner that is meshy and looks cool but is also a little padded.  BUT you can remove it and there is a full mesh only seat underneath, perfect for really hot days.  WIth this I don't need to worry about his butt getting too cold in winter and don't need to buy an extra piece (which only adds to the price) and I can have it be even cooler on very hot days.  Additionally the seat pad is included in the weight so the stroller only gets lighter if you remove it, while the Volo would just get heavier if you added one on.3.  The sun hood is not as big as with the Volo BUT it is pivotable so you can tilt it forward, the Maclaren can't do that.  Because of the way the back apron on the hood is set up it is easier to peek in on your baby in the stroller--I really hated that it was so hard to see him when he was in the Maclaren.  The sun hood doesn't seem like it is water resistant like the Maclaren but since I have to keep the raincover on us all the time for walking around the city it isn't a big deal.4.  I think it is easier to steer and turns more easily.5.  The basket is more accessible, though not quite as deep.6.  It folds so so so so much easier.  I always get really frustrated with Maclarens and folding, I just can't seem to do it easily.7.  I like that this can stand on it's own since our apartment isn't that big.8.  It comes with a cup holder.9.  The rain hood has a mesh panel in front of their face so you can flip the vinyl up there and some fresh air can get in.  I'm not a fan of vinyl stroller covers since you are basically enclosing your child in the very stuff we are trying to keep out of their toys, but they are a necessity.  When it is only lightly raining I always debate about whether to use it or not.  Since this sun hood really isn't water resistant it isn't really a debate with this stroller, but the lift up flap makes me feel like there is a little more ventilation going on in there.  There are also holes in the rain hood which I think are odd and I'm guessing are going to be annoying in a rain storm, but my son isn't made of sugar and I'd rather him get some fresh air and get a little damp from time to time.10.  The rain hood is lighter weight than the Volo's and since I carry it on the stroller all the time this makes the stroller even lighter still.11.  Price.  At my local store this stroller was 99 dollars and the rain hood 20 so all together it was $120.  The Maclaren is then $10 more (it came with a rain hood, but not all do).  But since I also was planning on buying a seat liner for winter it is actually a more significant amount.12.  construction.  After looking at the Uppa Baby the MAclaren fabric seems kind of cheap or flimsier.  On an old Volo that we inherited and were replacing (because it was falling apart) the seat fabric was falling off the hooks that attach it to the frame.  I would hook it back on and find it falling off again an hour or so later.  The Uppa Baby seat wraps around the frame so it seems sturdier.13.  Posture.  In the G Lite the baby sits more forward in the stroller than in the Maclaren.  But in the Maclaren he seemed more slouchy and hunched over.  His posture was better in this stroller and it seems to have better support.14.  The brakes.  I hate engaging the Maclaren brakes, these are much easier.  That is a much more safer option since I use them more frequently when it isn't a pain.And then as I pushed it home I discovered15.  Because the frame is structured so the babies weight is more toward the front of the stroller it doesn't seem to tip backward as easily.  The diaper bag I had on the handle bars stayed easily with my son in the stroller and there was no threatening to tip.  In our old Volo that was absolutely not true.  As I was pushing it I could feel it was back heavy and might tip if I let go.  I don't really recommend putting a diaper bag that heavy on the handlebars but it is nice to know this can accommodate a little more weight.Weighing the stroller with the sun cover, rain cover, cup holder, seat liner, and maclaren organizer it weighs 10 pounds.  The Volo with all these things would weigh at least 11.Everyone is different and will feel differently about these two very similar strollers, so I really recommend checking them out in person--you might change your mind too!
B0017NNSRQ This was to match the nursery theme in our new grandson's room! Just precious! I was very impressed at how well it was made. Stitching was close and tight and just perfect for a baby!!! It was quite a bit larger than I expected it to be and just adorable. Now he's almost a year old and he loves it too!!!
B0017NNSRQ I'm not so sure what all the hype is over this monkey. When I got him he felt very stiff to the touch, not soft and cuddly like stuffed animals should be. He's cute but not what I expected in a baby/toddler toy. I sent him back and had to pay about as much for shipping as the toy cost, so no refund there!
B0017NNSRQ I bought this for my newborn daughter, though she's far too small (and unaware) for it yet. My 2-year-old son saw it, and loves it! So I may be buying a 2nd one for his little sister. Seems well-made and doesn't seem like it will fall apart quickly. As someone else noted, it has an un-removable \"necklace\" that says NoJo all the way around. Frustrating, but the animal itself is very good.Good animal, minus stupid necklace = 4 stars
B0017NNSRQ This monkey was pretty big and you cant take off the neck thing it has. Hes a cute monkey, but my kid didnt really seem to care for him.
B0017OAGHU This is the best stain remover. Sometimes you have to scrub or soak it for a while but it gets out stains that I had trouble getting out with bleach even! I've found it in stores at Meijer, and Babies r us, and I think Walmart. Great product, I recommend it to all new moms!
B0017OAGHU Works well but its a little expensive. dawn dish soap works a little better and is a much cheaper option.
B0017OAGHU What i love about this is that you DO NOT have to let the remover soak and sit on it. You can JUST SPRAY IT & THROW IT RIGHT IN THE WASH! NO worries, Ive actually gotten to the point where after its done washing i wont even look to see if the stain is gone, i just know its vanished! LIKE MAGIC!
B0017OAGHU Does not get those tough stains out. Great for a toddler who doesnt spill/play in dirt but if your kids are like mine, they are filthy by the end of the day and this just wont cut it.
B0017P3LQW I bought this despite the bad reviews and I wanted to wait until I had really used it before I wrote a review to see how well it would hold up.  Now that winter is coming to an end, I have to say that I wouldn't have wanted to go through the winter without the 212 blanket.  Walking and subway are my primary form of transportation and my 1yr old son and I walk about one mile home together from daycare every evening so there is no way to avoid my son being out in some cold and windy weather.  I've used the 212 Blanket every day for the last 3 months and I've been very happy with it.  I did have a minor issue with the quality (there is a pacifier strap on the inside and the snap broke the first time I tried to use it) but other than that the Blanket is still like new.  I have a lighter weight stroller blanket (JJ Cole Urban Toddler Bundle Me - Stealth) for the spring and fall but I needed something more substantial that would stand up to a New England winter.  With the 212 Blanket my son is always warm no matter how cold or windy it is.  It also does a great job of keeping him dry if there's light snow.  The convenience factor of this product is huge.  When I pick my son up from daycare I don't have to worry about getting him to sit still long enough to wrangle him into a snow suit.  I put him in the stroller and zip up the blanket 212.  If it's really windy or cold then I'll also add a hat.  If I did a coat too it would be too warm most of the time, although I have added a coat once or twice when the weather was extreme.  If it's especially windy, I find my son will pull up the blanket to cover more of his face but most of the time we walk around and all you see is a little baby's face poking out of the stroller.  I like that it's an adjustable size so I can keep him warmer by keeping it snug.  The straps are very adjustable so I imagine it would fit most strollers well.  There are extra velcro attachments on the underside to help it stay put on the stroller.  I use it with my BOB Revolution and the only \"fit\" problem is that the sunshield on the stroller sometimes gets in the way of the hood of the blanket when I'm putting my son in or taking him out.  I could probably get around that if I unzipped and re-zipped the hood while putting my son in the stroller, but it's not irritating enough to warrant the extra effort.  In the next several weeks I'll probably be putting the blanket 212 into storage.  I can't imagine having gone through this winter without our blanket 212 and I look forward to using it again next winter.
B0017P3LQW We have had this product for about a month now in NYC, and it keeps my son very  warm and also seems to improve the quality of his stroller naps when we move him from one location to another.  They don't provide instructions on how to install this anywhere, which I find kind of annoying, so you just have to try to figure it out yourself.  Hence the 4 stars.
B0017P3LQW Now that it served my son for almost four months, I can say that I like just about everything about this product - the look, the quality, the level of warmth it provides.  Highly recommend!
B0017S2S86 DaVinci Emily II 2-in-1 6\" 242 Coil MattressI bought this mattress as a replacement of an older 2-in-1 mattress that my toddler used from birth (a Sealy from Babies R Us).  When it came time to purchase a new one, the Sealys were all sold out on Amazon, so I picked out this model as a \"next-best\" without remembering exactly how much I spent on the previous one.  The price seemed a little steep, but once I saw how much comparable models go for in stores, I felt a little better.It isn't as heavy as the previous mattress, and is actually a bit softer in the springs.  I am not sure what the coil count is for the other mattress.  I couldn't really detect any major difference in \"bounce\" from the infant to toddler side for either mattress.One thing I wish I'd looked into is whether it had a handle on the sides, which makes it easier for lifting in and out of the crib when you're changing the sheet.  This particular model does not, but it is still fairly easy to manage.So I guess I'd say this mattress is okay for quality, but you're probably just as well off buying a single sided mattress from the store and save your money.  There's rarely a huge difference on any of the 2-sided mattresses, and your toddler isn't likely to notice anyway.
B0017S2S86 I'm giving this product 3.5 stars. I received this along with the DaVinci Emily 4-in-1 Convertible Crib as part of my baby registry. I specifically wanted this mattress because of the value and fit to the DaVinci Emily crib. After reading existing reviews on multiple mattresses, I was concerned about the mattress fit in the crib since last thing I want are mishaps happening to my child. So after much research again and countless hours of reading consumer reports, I figured I can't go wrong with the fit if the mattress is also by the same manufacturer as the crib. I even measure the mattress area of the crib to make sure I got the exact measurements to that of what's published on the product description!The Emily 2 Sided Mattress was exactly what I had measured in the crib BUT when it arrived and I applied it into the Emily crib,the measurements are off from what's listed on Amazon's product details and the product box that it came in by a few centimeters on all 4 sides. Most parents might be fine with this considering how many other mattresses out there are off by inches rather than centimeters but considering baby safety, I was a bit concern of her fingers or toes getting stuck between the mattress and crib rails. So in the end, did I keep this product?I did - with some reinforcements to those centimeter gaps. I took up another reviewer's advice from another DaVinci mattress and stuck some towels on the side facing the wall, which worked perfectly and kept the mattress amazingly snugged in the crib with absolutely no gaps anywhere; and with the crib bumpers, you can't even tell there were towels involved!The big plus of this mattress I must add is 
B0017S2S86 After 4-month use, it is already sagging in middle. Fortunately, I am moving and so I will have to buy a new one, of course, a different one.
B0017S2S86 I got this mattress to match my Emily crib, figuring if I ordered the two products from the same manufacturer, there won't be any guess work with sizing issues (I read some reviews in which the mattress didn't fit the crib and didn't want to run into that problem). BUT...after about a month of using the crib, I noticed one day that there was a GAP between this mattress and my Emily crib, about a 1.5 inch gap if you pushed the mattress to either the right or left! I had to stick 3 rolled up receiving blankets in the gap so as to make the crib safer. I contacted Million Dollar Baby and submitted to them copies of pictures illustrating the gap and they're sending me a new crib altogether. I don't know if its the mattress or the crib not fitting. There should not be a gap. Besides the gap, the mattress seems to have \"memorized\" my son's body as there's a slight dent in the mattress where he sleeps. I'm not sure if that's normal or not. If I rotate the mattress I'm sure that problem will be solved. He sleeps on the Infant side of the mattress. Not sure if I would recommend this mattress because of the gap issue that I have (it could be the crib! But the crib looks properly assembled.)
B0017S2S86 I did a lot of research before buying this baby mattress since our baby would spend a lot of time in it. This was the best choice for our budget. If you compare it to other mattresses that cost about 100 dlls you can see how this is on the top, others are a joke. The difference in the firmness, yet soft enough for baby, the 2 sided feature is definitely a plus, great coil count and it has the borderwire which is important for the life of the mattress and safety. It had everything I was looking for at a great price. Of course you could spend more and get a more natural or organic mattress but that was out of our budget, and this mattress is working just great.
B0017T2RYU Would not purchase these again.  They had a loud buzz that came out of nowhere. We often ran into the room to find that there was nothing that trigger the sound.
B0017T2RYU Our nursery is on the top floor, and we have a receiver on the first floor and in the basement. The basement receiver seems to beep a lot but that can always be fixed by changing a setting on the switch or adjusting it's placement slightly. Both work well as long as we have them on a solid surface (placing them on end tables seems to work best) and these do the job exactly as intended. Would buy again.
B0017T2RYU Le me tell you this, if you buying this, you are buying a STATIC monitor, constantly buzzing and static ALL THE TIME!!! PIECE OF CRAP ever been made
B0017T2RYU After a lot of research, I chose this one because of the dual receivers and the rechargeable batteries. I love that the monitor and receivers plug in so I don't have to have a ton of batteries on hand.I keep one receiver down stairs and 1 in my bedroom. The sound quality is crystal clear and I haven't had any interference problems with my iPhone. I can even hear my son breathing most times, which is great for an anxious mom! I don't have a very large house, so I haven't had any problems with the range. I even took it out on the deck in my backyard and it still worked. I have been using this monitor for abour 2 months now and I am very happy with it.
B0017T2RYU We purchased these, and have found that they pop and crackle very loudly in the evening, to the point I have to just turn them off.  They worked well enough in the first year, but after 12 months, their speakers must have blown out.  We can't use these anymore.
B0017T2RYU Solid product.  Moniters work well.  Not \"perfect\"... like any other moniter.  But,very happy.
B0017T2RYU I love these monitors, and what a great price!  The voice activation is so cool, and they are so clear.  The work all over the house.  Because we live in the country, I am curious to see how far they will go on our yard.  I haven't had a chance to try it yet since it's winter here now, very cold and lots of snow.  But I am very impressed so far.  We had a very bad experience with a fisher price monitor set.
B0017T2RYU We've been using this for over two years and have been very happy.  We get good coverage all over our house (2 story + basement).  I can also take them outside in our yard and still stay within range.Some of my favorite features are that they have rechargeable batteries and an alarm to indicate if you are out of range.If you are having trouble with signal quality, spend some time with the various channel selections.  This made a difference for us.Also these will work along side the Fisher Price Sounds and Lights monitor without interference.Fisher-Price Sounds 'N Lights Monitor With Dual ReceiversThose are good monitors as well, but I prefer the Sony Baby C
B0017T2RYU This monitor has many of the features that I was looking for.  Rechargeable, dual hand sets and many channels.  The rechargeable handsets are great!  I'm saving so much money on batteries.  The dual hand set is fantastic because I don;t have to constantly carry it from bedroom to living room, although the snazzy belt clip works great!The problem is the reception.  It doesn't matter if you have this many channels if it's still fuzzy.  It gets fuzzy just from me walking around the room.  I'll roll over in bed at night and it gets fuzzy and the range alarm will go off.  The A/C comes on it gets fuzzy.  It has the same reception as the $20 monitor I used to have.  When I upgraded to a $65 version I was expecting better than this.  It remind me a lot of when I was a kid and we had rabbit ears on the TV.  Mom & Dad would make us stand in weird positions holding them so they could see.  My monitor is exactly like that.In the end I wish I had paid the extra $30 to get the kind that seamlessly changes channels so you never have any interference.  All the bells and whistles aren't worth it if I can't hear my baby.  That is the whole point after all.
B0017T2RYU Buy another monitor. I can't suggest one, because I reuse to spend another $60 on a heap of crap, but this set is worthless. This thing loses signal ALL THE TIME and has the most loud and annoying static and/or beeps constanly. We have lived in three homes while using this monitor, from a 1590 sqft townhouse to a 3,000 old farmhouse, and this monitor has been annoying and bothersome the entire time. Sure, I can hear my kid, but that's when the stupid thing isn't beeping or screaming static at me.  I could not in good conscience recommend this thing to anyone.
B0017T2RYU Bottom line this is not worth the money - the interference and feedback is way too much - even in a house with no other houses nearby.  Also it has a noise alert but no sensitivity function - so every time the baby makes a peep in turns on - which anyone who has a newborn will tell you means its going on every 10 seconds.  The bottom line is you want a monitor that lets you decide what you want to hear this does not let you do that.  Buy the Avent instead its has a great sensitivity function for only slightly more money.
B0017T2RYU It has button that is  off - voice activated - on.  On is continuous and voice activated is only when your baby is making noise.  Sometimes it picks up on the space heater in our baby's room and that will come through when the voice activated is on.  It will interfer with other signals - if my cell phone is close it will make awful sound.  We haven't had troubles with microwave interfering like other reviewer said.  I would say keep other items that emit signal about 4 feet away and it shouldn't interfere.We have great range at all levels of our house.  Works from basement to 2nd floor without range issues.  It will beep at you if it can't pick up on monitor.  Slide buttons on bottom let you choose different channels.  I love the battery and plug in options of this unit.  The stationary unit with baby isn't battery operated which is a huge downside - you must keep monitor away from crib at least 3 feet for this reason.  The cord can be a choking hazard (I know one more thing to worry about).
B0017T2RYU I have to keep buying new ones because the wires are very sensitive to toddler wear. But this is the biggest bang for your buck! They work fantastic, sensitive, but very reliable.
B0017T2RYU These serve their purpose, yes, but almost every night, every 5-15 minutes, ours picks up some static signal and just blips a loud static noise in the middle of the night. I've gotten used to it, but it's still annoying. They have two settings on them, one that is constant stream so that you can hear every little noise that goes on in your baby's room, or you can set it to voice activation where only noises up to a certain volume level make the monitor turn on, which is what we have it set on. The sudden bursts of loud static occur regardless of which setting it is on, and it has 3 channels to switch back and forth between if your signal sucks. These do have a really great range! A friend of ours has the same ones, (she also has the static problem) but when she had a pool party at her home for one of her daughter' birthdays, her younger daughter and my son took naps in the middle bedroom of her home, and we took turns clipping the speakers to our belts and going outside to see the rest of the party. These picked up the signal all over my friend's very large backyard, and they have a clip on the back of them so you can strap it on to your pants while you keep busy. Here is my recommendation to save money for many people: Don't do what we did and automatically assume that you need to purchase the larger set with the two speakers in it. We live in a 2 bed/2 bath one story condo that is just about 1200 square feet. It is a very open layout, but a split floorplan, so our room and my son's rooms are the furthest points in the home. We assumed that we would keep of course the receiver in my son's room, one speaker in our room, and the other speaker in the living room/kitchen area, but with the static problem, we didnt want a speaker right by where we were sleeping. Everytime it spazzed out, we woke up, so we put away one of the speakers and just have the one speaker on the bar in the middle of our home, right inbetween the kitchen and living room, and not too far away from our bedroom door, same volume we had before. We can hear our son JUST FINE. I considered not even using these at all, because I can actually hear my son quite well just from his room to mine, but I am scared I will sleep through it having gotten used to that amplified \"fuss\" from the monitor. For people living in small, or compact floor plans, save a little money and just purchase the smaller set of this with one speaker. This one would be perfect for someone with a 2-story home, one for each level. Infact, my mom bought these same ones for when my son stays at her house, and her home is a 2-story. Oh, and the battery life is quite good too. It lasts for several nights without needing to be charged.Overview: These work, therefore I trust them and would use them, but I don't like whatever ours are picking up. This problem may not be the same for everyone, as we may be picking up some weird signal around our home, but I did fine it interesting that a friend of ours who lives 30 miles away had the same issue with the exact same set. The range is great, battery life is good, but really think about which set fits your needs for your living situation.UPDATE: I figured out the static issue. If you have the monitor on while it is plugged in and charging, it makes this terrible static sound the entire time. Charge it before you have to use it, and then unplug it and the battery will last 3-4 nights, static only about 5% of the time compared to 50% before! I'm raising it one star. : ]
B0017T2RYU When we had our first child 6 years ago, we had no money and bought the cheapest monitor they had at the store, which I believe was a parent's brand monitor. I had no issues with it (aside from a low steady static buzz when it's on, which never bothered me because I sleep with a fan anyway). Fast forward five years. We have our second child and decide to buy a new one. We buy the sony one thinking it will be a high quality unit. Wrong.I couldn't even get through the first night before turning the thing off and deciding to take it back. A lot of reviews I've read have mentioned a lot of beeping. I never heard the beeping, I imagine because we didn't have it long enough to hear beeping. All I heard was a lot of random clicks and pops that originated from the machine itself. It also amplifies every last noise in my house. Crickets. The house settling. The air conditioning switching on. A car alarm down the block. The baby sighing. Noises that are so faint that I would barely hear them without the monitor are amplified greatly. All I want to hear is the baby, and not the little noises, I need to hear her crying loudly. Between the monitor amplifying too much noise and creating it's own noise, it's impossible to get any sleep.We ended up digging out the old monitor and using it. It lasted about another year before it finally gave out. We couldn't find the same one, so we bought the cheapest one we could find at walmart and it works okay. I don't know if they still make the parents brand monitor, but it was a good basic model and we had barely any issues with it.But I don't recommend the Sony monitor. I couldn't even make a single night with it before taking it back and I had to fight the urge to smash it to bits.
B0017T2RYU This is the best baby monitor ever! I tell everyone I know that this is the one to buy. Now using it for my second child and it is still working great. It is also really nice to have 2 receivers so I don't have to move them from room to room. No complaints whatsoever, this is a fabulous product!
B0017T2RYU I am really disappointed with this monitor and wish I had retained the box so that a return could be made.  I have been using it now for about four months in our relatively small home, but the range is terrible.  The initial receiver is located in the living area (only a few feet from the baby's room) and that location has good reception.  However, the second receiver is in our room about 20 feet further away and through one wall.  There are no other devices located near this receiver and yet it gets almost no reception.  We have tried moving it around the room (as close as is possible to the babies unit) nothing works.  Also, there is no apparent failure pattern which would help us determine the cause of the problem.  It simply works for a little while and then for no discernible reason begins to sound the out of range signal.  My advice is to pass this one by.
B0017T2RYU This monitor was okay, but it gets a lot of feedback (buzzing, loud clicks, and a lot of static) that it shouldn't get. It is very sensitive, which is good and bad, because I can hear my baby yawning and sometimes breathing, but it also picks up the dogs (several houses) away barking at night. It does it's job, but I wish I could return it for a different one. We've tried several different settings, and nothing works. I think my cell phone also interferes with it, so I have to put it away from the phone. I think the worst part is having to immediately turn it off, before opening the door to my baby's room, if I leave the monitor on, it starts making a loud high pitched tone and doesn't stop till I turn it off. Our rooms are across a very short hallway from each other, so I don't think it's good for small places. I need the monitor though because I am a very heavy sleeper once I manage to pass out. Very disappointing after reading good reviews on this product.
B0017T2RYU After our three year old Philips Avent died, we decided to buy a cheaper baby monitor. After much research, I found that every monitor available has a wide range of high and low star ratings. It seemed that none was an excellent choice, but the 'Sony 900 MHz BabyCall Nursery Monitor with Receivers' and the 'Graco Secure Coverage Digital Monitor - 2 Parent Units' were the two we tried out. Both were appealing because they include two receivers and both had generally high ratings from a large number of reviewers. Sadly, the reality is that the Philips Avent DECT technology is the only monitor that offers zero interference and crystal clear sound. It's a bummer, but in this case you do get what you pat for. The Sony and the Graco both produced continual (and very annoying) interference noise and both beeped and changed channels a lot. Our son slept beautifully, but we were woken up throughout the night from the monitors. The sound on the Avent is so clear that I can hear my son breathing and turning/moving in his bed. I never have to worry when I'm not in the room and I always hear him when he calls for me at night. The only downside to the Philips is the battery life off the charger is ~3hrs, other than that it's excellent.
B0017T2RYU I absolutely LOVE this monitor set! I have used it with my twin boys since birth. It is very sensitive to sound which is perfect for hearing baby. We use 'white noise' (a fan and vaccum cleaner noise CD) in the room they sleep in and it doesn't interfere with the signal or sound quality. I have dropped the monitor too many times to count and it still works perfect!! There is a range alarm on the monitor that tells you when you're getting out of range, but I've never had it alarm (signals with a beeping noise and red light). I've took the monitor to my neighbors house which is 40-50 ft away and it never alarmed. I like that it is rechargable and doesn't use batteries! Saves tons of money in the long run since we are constantly putting batteries in toys.It has 3 setting on the side: Off, On, and voice activated. We only use the voice activated. It also comes with 3 channels if for some reason you do experience interference. Also there is a volume control that lets you turn it up if so needed.I would HIGHLY recommend this product! We live in a very noisy household with t.v's, cell phones, microwave, etc.. and we have NEVER had a problem!! The sound quality is absolutely perfect as well... I can hear my baby turn over as well as when he sucks his pacifier! A must have with little ones!
B0017T2RYU We have been using this baby monitor for almost 8 months.  At first we thought it was going to be a good fit for us.  It seemed almost too sensitive to noises, the red lights would flash when the baby rolled in her crib.  But the \"out of range\" light would flash and it would intermittently beep.  It wouldn't beep consistently though, seemingly only at night.  The clicks, pops and crackles are horrendous and wake us up frequently.  With the baby sleeping through the night we often resort to turning off the monitor at night, completely defeating the purpose.  Almost 8 months of use and it is now not picking up the babies noises very well.  I can hear the baby through the wall before the monitor picks up her sounds.  We have tried multiple channels to try and get rid of any interference but nothing seems to help.  About to chuck this monitor and replace it with something that will work.  Don't waste your money on this, read reviews carefully and go for something else.
B0017T2RYU We've been using this monitor about 22 months now and have found it to be way more frustrating than useful. Sometimes it will work at long range, but most times it loses signal even IN THE NEXT ROOM. Like it becomes easier just to listen unassisted for the baby crying than to put up with all the beeping and static and clicking from this dumb monitor. Our house is fairly new, so our walls are just drywall, not anything that would occlude a decent signal. Definitely going to toss this and get something else for the next kid.
B0017T2RYU This monitor is just okay. Its does the very basic which is let you hear when your baby is crying. But I wasn't expecting all the other noises this thing made. At very random times this monitor will have a very loud \"clicking\" sound, loud enough wake me up, but I am a light sleeper, even still, its loud. And the range isn't all that great, but we never go very far anyway. I've not used it very much cause our baby still sleeps with us and doesn't really take naps unless its on me, but I've heard the clicking enough to know that its not the best out there, and you should probably invest elsewhere.
B0017T2RYU After owning a defective more expensive monitor, I was skeptical about this one.  The reviews were a bit mixed and had me worried about interference and the range alarm going off.  We have had this for 2 months now and use it mutiple times every day.  It works great!  I especially like the convenience of having 2 receivers, with a multi-level home, this is a must!  And the long range is amazing!  We were even able to hear our baby whimper in her crib from our neighbor's, 3 houses away!  I have often walked right outside her door while holding a receiver and the alarm has never gone off.  And I have had no interference with this either; it is often sitting right next to my cell phone and right below our microwave with no problems.  Great monitor, don't hesitate on buying this one!
B0017T2RYU Ok, the voice setting on this makes it all worth it.  We have a problem like some of the other reviewers - we get static and beeping out of range in a 2500 sq ft house.  But the voice setting is awesome - no more static!  We had some crappy fisher price lights/sounds monitor that crackled all day long, this is silence until the baby starts talking/crying.  love it!
B0017T2RYU I did not buy this monitor from Amazon.  We purchased this in 2008 and for no reason at all it stopped picking up the stations. It did not last a year.  I just had another baby in April and I pulled this thing out trying to see if I could get it to work. I tried all kinds of color combinations with no luck.  I am now looking for another monitor...looks like Vtech may be the one. I just don't know how this thing is supposed to work when you can't get a channel no matter where its placed in the house. It was never dropped or anything...never again...Sony in my opinion failed with this one.
B0017T2RYU I moved my son to his crib around 3 months, and with this monitor, I can hear everything in the room including his breathing and the clock ticking. I sleep much better at night because it's been most reliable.It's true that you can get interference from other electronic devices, so I don't charge my cell phone next to the monitor on my nightstand. With a little experience, you can figure out what causes interference and make the necessary adjustments. After I did, I rarely have issues with interference. (I live in a house in a rural town so I can't speculate on how it would work in a condo, apartment complex, or densely populated neighborhood.)I haven't tried other monitors, but I'd rather have something that monitors closely, has good battery life, etc. than have something that can't help me know exactly what's happening in the nursery.
B0017T2RYU initially we had static problems, but the monitor was too close to the cordless phone. when I moved it a few feet away, we were fine.sometimes there is a little bit of static when receiver is close to something electronic, so i just move it farther away
B0017T2RYU We bought this monitor because its Sony and I figured it would be good. Its driving me crazy. It has bursts of static on every channel! We've tried moving the monitor, moving the receiver, nothing helps. It happens on all 27 channels! Its driving me crazy! I can't get any sleep!!One of the other reviews said do not buy if you live in an apartment. For the record, we live in an apartment building too. Not sure if it would do the same thing in a house.... but I'd pick a different monitor!
B0017T2RYU Overall, good product if you don't want a video monitor.  Looking back, I wish we bought a video monitor as our 9 month old is very active in his bed and I would prefer to see what he's up to on a video monitor rather than walking into his room every time.
B0017T2RYU After buying and returning three different monitors we tried the Sony BabyCall.  A couple friends recommended it and we were running out of options.  The sound on this monitor was pretty good for an analog signal.  The problem is that the out of range alarm (a really loud, annoying beeping) kept randomly going off as we walked around our house.  We have a single floor home that isn't huge.  There is no way the receivers were actually out of range.  We tried exchanging our Sony BabyCall for another unit hoping we had gotten a faulty one, but the second one was even worse than the first!  I couldn't even leave the receivers on because they beeped non-stop.  It could be that we have too many devices operating on the analog signal for this to work for us, but other analog monitors did not have this problem.  Don't bother with the Sony BabyCall.
B0017T2RYU This is my second monitor purchase of this product. It picks up movement and sounds well and clear. Other than the occasional beeps we never really had any problems with it until about a year and half of use.  The receiver started making more static and also popping sounds around other electrical sources such as in the kitchen. A few months later it wouldn't work with just battery power only. I ordered a new battery but that didn't fix the problem. This time we ordered this set with 2 receivers which I definitely recommend. Depending on where you live and the environment of your home, any monitor can have issues and may or may not be the best one for you. We have been pretty happy with this monitor.
B0017T2RYU While there are some superficial flaws with this product (especially that the loop on top of the receivers is actually the antenna, and you can't use it to hang from your belt loops or anything convenient like that), it seems to work very well. We get crystal-clear reception everywhere in the house, even the basement.Unfortunately, the proximity alarm sounds if we're any farther than about 20 feet from the baby's room. If i'm going to stay that close, i don't need a monitor to hear what's going on in there. What good is a baby monitor that lets me go out of earshot of the baby long enough to be productive if it's constantly beeping at me?
B0017T2RYU When I picked out this monitor, I expected high quality because of the Sony name and higher price.  I liked this one because it had two receivers and we wanted to put one in our basement and one in our upstairs master rather than always trying to keep track of the receiver.  We are replacing it after 6 months.THE MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENTS:- Constant interference.  No matter what channel we set it to, it seems like the slightest noise may cause interference.  This is annoying because every time the receiver loses its signal for a millisecond it beeps at you.  This can be a lot of beeping when you are trying to sleep -- something any new parent doesn't want to lose because of technology.  The monitor beeps at least once 5-6 days a week in the middle of the night and wakes us up.- Volume sensitivity.  The volume is very sensitive.  We try not to ever adjust it because it is very difficult to get it adjusted so that it is low enough that you can't hear the baby breathing, the clock ticking... things you don't need to hear and that are distracting when you are trying to sleep.  If someone adjusts the volume even once it is at least a week before we get it tweaked just right.  Twice we have woken up to see the red visual lights on full blast and we can hear the baby screaming through the floor.Thanks Sony for putting a worthless product on the market.  I only wish we'd have packed this up after the first few days and returned it.  We just kept thinking another channel would solve the interference problems but it never did.
B0017T2RYU We have never had a problem determining if the baby is awake with this monitor.  The sound is clear and loud with minimal static.
B0017T2RYU Purchased this from EZ something or other.  The shipping was very fast.  Anyway, I can hear my baby's breathing with this monitor.  And the volume isn't turned way up.  The nursery is approx 10' x 10'.  The transmitter is in a corner of the room diagonally opposite the crib where baby's head is. We have had it for 10.5 mths.  Now he turns on his side and I can't hear the regular breathing but deep breaths do come across.  There is no static.We have a 2 story house so this works great.  Have unplugged one monitor and forgotten to plug it back in for 24 hrs and the battery does not drain.  Outside of the house, the range seems to be ~ 40ft or so.  No interference with TV or cell or other devices.  I have taken a receiver into the basement frequently and it works well there (while taking a shower).  Transmitter is on the 2nd floor.  Shower is on opposite side of the house ~ 26 ft away.There is a voice activated mode so that if you have a fan or humidifier in the room, it filters out the background sound.  I wanted to hear everything so haven't used that mode much.  The regular mode did pick up a drip problem with a humidifier that wasn't seated correctly.I love this monitor and it's one of the top baby products I've purchased if not the best.
B0017T2RYU This is the worst monitor ever! It beeps, clicks, and makes all kinds of noise. It is actually doing it right now while my daughter naps and once again i am going to have to get up and reposition it! Read all the bad reviews and trust them. Dont take a chance on this one! Its crap. I would give it zero stars but it is making me choose one to rate it, so i picked one star.
B0017T2RYU It was okay.  Would have loud feedback everytime it got within proximity of a cell phone.  Could hear the tick of the second hand clock with this device so it was fairly sensitive.  The automatic sound activation was always kind of questionable.  However, one of the receivers suddenly stopped working at 11 months - there was no warning or anything to indicate that it had stopped working as all the indicator lights were still on.  The fact that it could stop working so suddenly is kind of disturbing, potentially dangerous.
B0017T2RYU This monitor works for us just like it's supposed to, and I'm comfortable enough using it that I no longer feel like I have to be with my sleeping baby every second.  The voice recognition feature works well, so you don't have to listen to background noise all the time (though you don't have to use the voice recognition mode if you do want to hear all of the background noises).  While there are, of course, monitors out there with more features, this one has everything we needed, works well, and is a very good value for the price.  I think the design is cute, too, and like the rechargeable batteries.  Also, we were able to get the receivers to pick up the transmitter's signal on the second setting we tried, and there are 27 settings, so no problem there.
B0017T4PXG we bought this product to keep our baby food cold while flying. this worked fantastic. i would definitely recommend it.
B0017T4PXG We love this tote for the diaper bag. You can customize the inside to hold 2 (4 oz bottles) and 2 jars of baby food, 2 (8 oz) bottles, or 6 jars of baby food. Each of the dividers comes out. And, later on, the middle divider will lay flat so you can use the whole tote.
B0017T4PXG Love it! It is so versatile that all of my baby's feeding bottles and food tupperwares fits in there. Most important, does the job of keeping temperature for several hours.
B0017T4PXG This is one of the best presents we recieved at our shower.  I love that you can remove the dividers to make different size bottles fit.  I would highly reccomend purchasing this product.
B0017T4PXG I like the functionality of the cooler bag. I plan to use it for bringing expressed milk back home from work, as well as when my baby starts on solids, I can bring home-made baby food out.The dividers materials just seems to be a bit poorly made. Also the one I got the left side seemed a bit asymmetrical.It's okay for the price.
B0017T4PXG I used this one a lot for traveling, very convenient. However, I didn't get to use it for as long as I though I would. My girl is 18 months now, and she prefers fresh fruit and veggies, so we cannot go for jars bought at the store. Still this tote was awesome for many of our trips.
B0017T4PXG The bag is nice for holding different size bottles and compact enough to take around with you.  I don't feel it keeps things super cold.  If you are planning on using it more than 2 hours at a time, then this probably is not the bag for you.
B0017UZZ5C I will admit that I was sorely tempted to buy the original Fisher Price stacker, the one we all had as kids.  It's absolutely a classic and I may still obtain one of them.But I was drawn to this one for my 5-month old because I remember reading somewhere that it is slightly smaller than the classic version with the large plastic hollow donuts.  I thought smaller might work better for the little guy.  Well.  Since this toy has come into the house, not a day has gone by without at least one play session where he selects this toy to play with from among a lot of others.Now 8 months old, he still loves this one.  He tips over the base to let the rings fall free, takes one in each hand, and shakes them like tambourines.  He smacks them together and has a grand old time.  He is not at all interested in re-stacking them on the base, but that's fine with me because it just means the toy will last a while longer while he grows into that phase.The topper on this stacker is the red ring with the little chick.  This part does not rattle, which is a little bit of a shame.  It also wedges kind of tightly onto the top of the base, so baby can't remove it himself, but that's OK.I am very very pleased with this purchase.  I have subsequently looked at some of the other stackers on the market and I am convinced this one is the cream of the crop.UPDATE:  Eddie is now 17 months old and a month or two ago, he started stacking the rings on the stump.  He still needs help deciding the order they should be placed on the stump but he's had a lot of fun trying to get this thing figured out.  Still a hit in our household.UPDATE:  Eddie is turning 4 next week and only today did I pull this one out of the toy basket  :-( .
B0017UZZ5C My 7 month old loves the rattling sounds from all the rings. They are a little heavier than the other products in the market. My son threw them down on my feet a couple of times and it hurt. The duck on top does not stay on and the rings  can only be fixed in one order coz the stem inside is tapering on the top and thick at the bottom.  This is one of the few toys that my son likes so i still think it was a decent buy.
B0017UZZ5C Got this as a gift for friends' infant.  My wife had seen its popularity in other homes with young children.  It was immediately a hit and the baby loved it. That's what it is all about!
B0017UZZ5C I just wish that for a first stacker the material was a little softer.  My babe is in the phase of banging everything, and she hits herself and me with the rings and it hurts us both.  I just wish the plastic was a little softer.  Otherwise it's cute, the rattles are nice.
B0017VM2NY I am posting because I disagree with some of the negative reviews I read here. I have no problems with my car seat and other moms frequently comment on how much easier my system looks than the seats they use.1. I love that I can take my sleeping daughter grocery shopping without having to remove her from the car seat and wake her. I rotate the base, release and tilt it and then plop it into the stroller. Easy-peasy--and I'm a 130lb mommy, so I must disagree with reviewers who said it is hard to travel with the base.2. The reviewers who complain about twisted straps make no mention of the Velcro holders. Perhaps they aren't aware of them? When I remove my daughter, I push the straps to either side of the seat and they stick to the Velcro awaiting our return. No twisting or fussing. Perhaps they didn't notice the Velcro dots since they mimic the seat logo?3. Regarding the seat incline, I saw my daughter's head hang once when she was asleep and my inlaws had buckled her in. It turned out they had completely loosened her straps. I always do the finger test when tightening her straps and then her head stays against the back cushions.4. Other mothers complain about the durability or inconvenience of cleaning other brands of car seats, and I think the reviewers don't realize how easy we've got it. Not only do I have peace of mind over safety and toxicity, but I can unzip everything and throw it in the wash in two minutes.I actually keep a counter clicker attached to my stroller and every time someone remarks on how smart the design is, I click it. I'm already in the three hundreds.In one respect, I do share the concern of the one star reviews. I am disappointed that I will eventually be forced to turn the seat, not because my daughter demands it but because the highest shoulder height straps only work forward facing. I find that to be the one flaw of the system, but my daughter is in the 98th percentile for height and I supposed rear-facing until three should be good enough.
B0017VM2NY I am very disappointed. I love orbit but this seat was impossible, no recline and the handle is to stiff to turn it. My son head was in his lap! I returned it and went with the 360 and am very happy.
B0017VM2NY I don't even know where to begin - basically, it is a horrible car seat. I would like to slap myself for ever falling for the bells and whistles of the swivel/dock feature Orbit is so proud of. I recommend you to stay away from Orbit, the toddler car seat in particular. Your wallet will thank you and you will save yourself a headache. If you feel like reading why, go ahead.We have the Orbit Baby G2 travel system (the frame, the base, and the infant car seat) and felt somehow trapped as we thought since we already have the expensive base we should get the Orbit toddler car seat to put it to further use (our 12-month old baby is getting too big for the infant seat). Unfortunately, we were unable to see the toddler car seat in person because no retailer seems to have a floor model of this thing. I was hesitant to order it online so we went to a store hoping we would be able to take it out of the box to further examine its functions because I wasn't sure whether it has a recline function (Orbit website does not mention this function at all). So we went and were told by the shop that they do not have a floor model (surprise) and that the box cannot be opened. So I asked a few questions and was assured and reassured that it does, indeed, recline into a very comfortable position to accommodate babies and small toddlers. We paid almost $400 ($360 + NYC tax) and brought this thing home where we discovered that it DOES NOT RECLINE!!! I was furious because I asked 3 different sales persons and all of them assured me that it does recline. Every other convertible car seat on the market has a reclining function, especially at this price point. And frankly, for almost $600 ($360 seat + $220 base) it should recline automatically when I say \"recline\".  The seat is so upright I do not understand that Orbit says it is designed for babies from 15 pounds! No way. My son was 15 pounds when he was only 3.5 months old. There is absolutely NO WAY a 3-month old baby would ever be comfortable in an upright position when they can't even sit. Actually, they shouldn't be in an upright position this early at all! I tested the seat with my 12-month old son who weighs 22 pounds now and measures 31 inches (BTW, the infant car seat is for babies up to 30 pounds or 32 inches, so he's only 1 inch away, and frankly, he's not very comfortable in it anymore). Do you think my 12-mo/22-lb/31-in baby was comfortable in his new toddler car seat? ... No, he was not. We drove for about half an hour (we couldn't take it longer), he slept and his poor head was literally resting on his chest. It looked horrible and very uncomfortable. For those who think it is normal, let me assure you that it is not. I have used Chicco and Maxi-Cosi convertible car seats in Europe and they all recline, so I have never experienced this problem. I knew instantly I would be returning this seat. Which is exactly what I did.I only owned this seat for 4 days, therefore I didn't get a chance to experience any problems with the belt twisting as reported by other reviewers.Another major con is that this seat has only 4 harness slots to adjust harness height (of which only the lower 2 are allowed for rare facing installation)! That's totally inadequate - other convertible car seats offer more than double (Britax Next Generation: 10 slots, Maxi-Cosi Pria: 11 slots). This important detail (along with the fact that it doesn't recline and that you can't use the swivel base while forward facing) is conveniently not mentioned at the Orbit Baby website. You'll discover this when you take the seat out of the box and read the manual.I contacted Orbit because I am still in shock that such an expensive car seat from a company that claims to be so innovative lacks standard features. I wrote an email which included the following:\"... What is a consumer supposed to do if his/her baby's head is literally resting on its chest while sleeping in the seat - this looks super uncomfortable for the baby and seems unsafe too. Normally, I would recline the seat. But Orbit does not allow me to do that. Why not and what is supposed to be done instead to make the baby comfortable? I tested the toddler car seat with my 12-month old who weighs 22 pounds and measures 31 inches - the toddler car seat is too upright and the poor baby was sleepy and his head was falling on his chest all the time. We have your infant car seat, which has a good angle, but he's outgrowing it and we need a new seat for him. The current seat angle of your toddler seat seems sort of OK for bigger toddlers, maybe around 2 or 3 years, but what am I supposed to do during the \"in-between\" stage from 12 months up to 2 or 3 years, when he's too big for your infant seat, yet too small for your toddler seat due to the non-existing recline...\"Brace yourself for the response and suggestions I received from Orbit...\"We are not aware of any convertible car seats that have a recline position.\" ... Really??? How about Britax, or Maxi-Cosi to name a couple (they have the same safety features like Orbit, such as the EPP foam and side impact protection). Britax, for instance - all of their convertible car seats allow 3-position recline both while rear and forward facing. Maxi-Cosi PRIORI model has 4 recline positions when forward facing. Maxi-Cosi PRIA 70 has 3 recline positions - position 3 (most reclined) and 2 (medium recline) can be used while rear facing. Position 2 (medium recline) must be used while forward facing for children up to 40 pounds. Position 1 (upright) must be used while forward facing for children over 40 pounds. Interestingly, Maxi-Cosi seems to believe (just like me ... or maybe it's just common sense) that toddlers/children up to 40 pounds should be seated in a more reclined position. Their website explains it as follows: These recline positions allow a more reclined riding position for younger children and a more upright position for older children. Not only does this provide an appropriate riding position for different sized children, but the required recline angles also improve crash energy management.On the head falling forward: \"We understand your concerns and see the same phenomenon when our own children nap using the Toddler Car Seat.\" ... Phenomenon?!  More like a poorly designed, overpriced car seat that lacks BASIC features!\"We have never received any information - from pediatricians or otherwise - that when children sleep in these seemingly awkward positions, it is somehow bad for them.\" - Uh, how about just incredibly uncomfortable!?\"There are many general techniques that you can use so that your child is more comfortable. Some include a towel, foam wedge, or pool noodle that can be used to prop the Base.\" - A pool noodle???  Are you kidding me? No, thank you, I will not be sticking any towel or pool noodle under the car seat base. The towel/pool noodle option doesn't seem safe and frankly it is a very sloppy solution for a $600 ensemble and to be honest I am appalled by their suggestion.Rather than a pool noodle, I will get a different car seat. I am extremely disappointed with the Orbit system due to its lack of otherwise standard features. The fact that they are not aware of the reclining function tells me that Orbit is way behind its competitors.FYI: If you think the rotating feature is cool and you are planning to buy it for that reason, please don't. This function does not compensate for the many disadvantages of the seat and frankly, you can only use the rotating function when rear-facing. Once forward facing, the rotation-allowing base cannot be used anymore, nor will you be able to dock the seat into the stroller frame (unless you want to install it over and over again which is beyond annoying). Hence, once forward facing, the famous swivel feature cannot be utilized.And if you think you can just grab the toddler car seat, lift it with your sleeping child in it and dock it into the stroller frame, then trust me, you can't unless you are the Incredible Hulk. The seat is very bulky and heavy (22 pounds), I struggled with it alone, I would never be able to lift it from the back seat (a very awkward angle) with a toddler in it. Never.Update 02/2012 - after an extensive and exhausting 6-month research we finally purchased a Maxi-Cosi Pria 70 Convertible Car Seat in Walnut Brown and we are very pleased with it. In fact, I am so happy with it I gave it 5 stars.
B0017VM2NY My car seat journey started 11 1/2 years ago. I was told to get a Britax and I stuck with that until  I just got my car seat last week and we love it! We replaced a Britax Advocate. So, the people that have said it is too big should try one of those, it needs it's own zip code!  I am not convinced in the car seat that bigger is better! I sold her Advocate because with 4 in car seats it was just too big. I got a Britax Boulevard but then I saw the Orbit seats and got the infant. Started saving for the Orbit toddler but we were in a very minor fender bender the insurance of the person that hit me paid to replace my seats.  Although they depreciated them even the ones I just bought, I got the Infant seat again, and the Toddler seat in Mocha because the black is not in stock.  Turns out I love the mocha!  Anyway, like all of the Orbit products it is great quality.  I can not see myself getting this thing out to put on the stroller, that said it is a great option for people who fly!What I love:The Cut, Color, Quality!  (Give me a new car seat or stroller over a diamond anyday!)Love how easy it is to get securely fastenedSun Shade is awesome, never thought of a need for one on a full size seat but we have large windows and the sun does beat in even though they have a slight tint!Looks CoolMy daughter loves it, she does not struggle. Her only complaint has been that it doesn't have monkeys, the boys got Cleks!The fabric is comfortable and NON-TOXIC, which I loveI love that I can put it on the stroller if I should ever get the urge!Cons:The Price, although it is not much different than the Advocate it just seems like all of their stuff is high!  I should know I have ALL OF IT X 2.  Except the bassinet, I just have one of those!This is petty but I really don't like the little blue button on the seat. I tried to pull it off before I read the directions.Unexpected Bonus:I love the back cover that holds the instruction book and covers the straps!I would buy again!  Oh wait, I will when my youngest out grows her infant seat!Now if they could just add that monkey, Hmmmm.............P.S. I have posted pictures of my two year old daughter in the seat!
B0017VM2NY I bought Orbit Baby Toddler Car Seat because I was lured by the swivel base. When my son was rear facing this was heaven sent, but forward facing is a nightmare. Without the base, this product is just an overpriced toddler car seat, also damaged the seat of the car, gave a permanent round dent on leather, it is heavy and bulky with round bottom. It is impossible to install in a short time. I had an emergency that I had to switch cars in the shop and I have never hated this monster car seat more. For months I put up with this because it was very expensive and too late to return (I did love it when I could use it with the base). However, I have suffered enough and finally give in and buy another car seat. I take the loss, because I didn't realize when I chose to buy this, that the swivel base is not supposed to be used forward facing. If I have to do it again, I would not buy this even for rear facing, and WILL NOT recommend this car seat to anyone, whether it's my friends I like or in-laws I don't like. I gave it one star because it does look good, and customer service responded in timely manner when I called to replace the broken clip.
B0017VM2NY I own the Orbit Baby Stroller set and once my little one outgrew his infant carrier, I was hesitant to get the Orbit Baby Toddler Car Seat because of a bit of sticker shock.  In the end, I am glad I bought it.  We keep a car seat in every car so we don't have to switch them around and this is hands down the best.  The AirProtect is second, but by FAR.  We also bought a bargain priced Cosco one and that one is just terrible (I got what I paid for - and will be replacing it soon enough!).This has been so convenient for me, especially when we travel.  I bring my Toddler Car Seat and my Orbit base and voila!  Car Seat and stroller in one!  The fact that it can rotate on the stroller base and seemlessly go from the car to the stroller or even into the house when my little one has fallen asleep is perfect!Please note that once you put the car seat in the front facing position, you will discontinue the use of the rotating base and will then use the brackets (which are nicely packaged and easy to use).  Despite this set back, I still love it.  Everything is cleverly designed, from the \"paparazzi cover\" and where it is stored, to the tiny velcro tabs that keep the straps for the seat open  while your baby is not inside of it.  This is a very well made car seat and I couldn't be happier.I love all my Orbit Baby products!If you're using the toddler car seat as a stroller seat whilst on vacation and you'd like some more shade/coverage (we did when we took our baby to Hawaii!), then simply purchase a $12 Ray Shade and you can attach the top straps to the strap in the back that holds the paparazzi cover and thread the side straps into the upper or lower holes along the tension line for the handles.  You'll easily double or triple your shade this way.  When I use the Ray Shade, It covers all the way to the front of the car seat.  This is an excellent \"hack\".  I don't know if anyone has ever thought about it, but I figured I'd post it here since it's posted on my blog!
B0017VM2NY I am thrilled with my Orbit Baby toddler car seat and want to put to rest some of the issues others have brought up.  Our family has all the other Obit Baby products and with this final addition to the collection, I see all the usual thoughtfulness of design and attention to detail.Our son is 14 months old, around 30\" tall and 24 lbs and absolutely loves his new seat.  We have installed it rear facing in the center seat (on the base) of our CRV.  Though the seat is very tall, it allows for plenty of growth in the future and I can still see out the rear window just fine.  Also, when installed on the base, our son gets a few extra inches of height and he loves to look out the window.I also want to point out that the rear installation on the base makes use of the anti-rebound feature of the base which is RARELY found in any car seat on the market in the US, though very common in Europe.  The base is braced against the rear seat-back and prevents the seat from tipping forward and smashing your kid into the seat back in the event of a crash.  This also protects you child's legs and makes it even safer to keep them rear facing as long as possible.  The only other way to get this kind of protection is to use a tether strap and an anchor in the floor of the car, which most cars do not have.  Britax is the only other manufacturer to address this in rear facing situations.  Kids can sit fine with their legs crossed; lots of safety experts have commented that rear facing as long as possible is the way to go.There is no point in using the base (or any base) forward facing as it is very important to use the top tether to secure the seat tightly against the car's seat-back.  I don't understand why people don't realize this when they purchase ANY seat, yet complain about the lack of forward facing/base coupling with the Orbit.We do not use this car seat on the stroller chassis on a regular basis but have this wonderful feature specifically in mind for when we are traveling, which we do frequently.  Getting through the airport was such a breeze.  Just wheel right up to the plane's doors and then carry the seat on the plane and strap it in.  I can't imagine trying to travel around a city and forgo using a car seat in taxi just because of the hassle and I'd hate using one of those car seat travel adapters where you push/pull your kid around about 5 inches off the ground, nasty!  Almost all cars/taxis these days have the LATCH system so it takes about 30 seconds to get it in and out.  This is what Orbit Baby had in mind, you obviously don't use it as your everyday stroller but as an bonus feature to the Obit list of features.Getting the straps properly adjusted was a cinch, they are on the lowest setting and I have moved the crotch strap forward one.  The gray head protection pillow also moved down to the lowest setting and fits our guy perfectly.  Again, Orbit Baby has made this process very simple.  All of the straps are neatly stored in the back side of the car seat, there is even a place for the sunshade and the manual as well as the extra installation straps for use without the base.  I have no issue what so ever with the straps twisting.  When I take my son out of the seat, we loosen the straps and then use the handy Velcro tabs to keep the straps out of the way.  When I put him back in, the straps are out of the way and just waiting to be secured, piece of cake!UPDATE: 3/30/2012I am looking to by a second toddler seat as we are now on baby number two nearing the one-yea-old stage.  I wasn't nuts about spending another $360 on a big car seat and I noticed the above reviewer had purchased a Maxi Cosi Pria 70.  Amazon had them on sale for near to the two hundred range so I purchased one and thought I'd try it out.  I can't believe the difference in quality and how crappy it was compared to the Orbit.  The Maxi Cosi Pria 70 is exactly the same as the Cosco Senerca which is a popular \"extra\" seat for under fifty bucks.  I couldn't believe that Maxi Cosi (actually Doral group) was charging an extra two hundred bucks for some fancy padding.  Come on people.  Orbit has the highest tech in impact protection with the EPP foam.  The Maxi Cosi is a plastic shell and THAT'S IT!Can't wait for Obit to adjust their line for multi-kid families!
B0017VM2NY Paying this much for a toddler seat had better be worth it, and it almost is.  My only complaint, which I saw going into this deal, is that this thing is way too heavy and physically bulky to really function as part of a travel system.  Sure you can remove it from your car and dock it to the Orbit stroller if you have it, but if you value your back, you're gonna want to securely tether this thing in a semi-permanent fashion to your backseat and never lift it again.  Not to mention, once you're using it forward-facing (meaning you can no longer dock it to and from the Orbit Base), you can't really remove it all that easily.  That's why Orbit has another option available for strolling, lighter and better for moving about.  But you can't use that in the car, and of course it costs extra.This weight problem really prevents you from utilizing this as part of the travel system, which is the main reason say, you would buy an Orbit on top of another brand if you already have the Orbit Infant System.  So they should just sell it as the best-designed and safest toddler car seat out there, because that's what it is.As far as comfort, safety, quality, materials, and workmanship, you are going to be hard-pressed to find a better seat, though.  My daughter loves this, and even sleeps comfortably in it.I do recommend it, but think twice if you're buying it for its \"portability\" and practicality in a travel system... it's none of those things.
B0017VMH5M This is the Boppy Bounce in Comfort Bouncer, however, the description on Amazon is for the Boppy Cradle in Comfort Bouncer. So, I didn't realise they weren't quite the same thing.I was just sent this package and had put together before I realised that the music/sound component wasn't what I wanted. Aside from the ability to bounce and the softness of this device, the reason I wanted it was the soothing sounds. However, this item only has one selector so all you get is the music. Also, I assume that the music cycles through all 5 tunes that are mentioned on the package? I didn't bother to listen as the first tune was just dire.Bottom line: If you like the idea of soothing sounds, don't buy this product. I have returned mine and indicated to Amazon the incorrect descriptor on the website.Other than this issue, the product looked a good buy for the price. The colour of the material was a bit ho hum but that wouldn't have caused me too much angst. At least it was neutral which was what I wanted.
B0017VMH5M Very basic bouncer which was GREAT! Was nice and 'bouncy' when other baby bouncers seem stiff. It's so incredibly soft! Easy to clean/wash! The toys left something to be desired but my son actually formed an attachment to the bee! Bought this WAY cheaper elsewhere so shop around for better price! Was not disapointed with quality!
B0017VMH5M This was my old review until the baby loved it:Don't buy this!!! First, while putting this together I noticed some little broken plastic pieces in the bag upon delivery.  The pieces of plastic were so small and cheap-looking that I figured it can't be important.  While putting this part together I noticed the bar wouldn't click into place like the other bars did.  I then proceeded to put the back bar on.  I examined it and there were no Right/Left labels, so I figured it didn't matter. Well, it does!  Instead of the top play bar going middle to back, it goes middle to feet now and there is no way of unlocking it once you assemble!  I took apart over 7 screws and still couldn't unlock it!  Due to this, there is no way of getting it back into the box to return! I'm stuck with a $40 piece of crap with no toy bar for the baby!#2  Actually it works fine backwards.  The baby was born with hip dislocation and sleeping flat was painful for her with her harness.  She slept comfortably in this chair (without the toy bar) for 2 months and now still sits in it to watch Elmo at 3.5 months old.  We love it!
B0017WVRM0 The windup part is great - no batteries! - but it only plays for about 3 minutes before it's done.  Alternatively, you can just have the mobile spin with no noise.  I thought that would be good for a slight distraction while easing a little one to sleep, except it spins so fast you'd think they're on a merry-go-round!  It moves far too fast for a 0-3 month old to be able to track.
B0017WVRM0 I love it. Great as the many other baby items I purchased for the new arrival of my grandson. It matches all the other Safari themed items I have got. Great in his room, which has the theme Jungle Safari. Would recommend.
B0017WVRM0 You have to keep winding this which is a big pain for me.  Other than that my little one likes it.
B0017WVRM0 I got a great price on this and themed my sons room after this.  Found an awesome animal print sheet, my cousin made a wreath with similar animals on it and I used the green color from this and cream color for the walls.  Great product.  Works well.  My son loves looking at it when falling asleep.  Would recommend again if still available.  Has a nice way of hooking to the bed without scratching it as well.
B0017WVRM0 Ended up buying another one from Tiny Love that not only was battery operated, but also lasted for 20 min, came with a remote and you can use the music piece after you have to remove the mobile portion. Hoping that I can sell this one and recoup most of the money.
B0017YJ1O4 helps us organize our playroom and can hold a lot of weight with the included parts. we like it so far!
B0017YJ1O4 I pored over all the animal hammocks' reviews on Amazon before deciding on this one, and I'm so glad I did! The netting is super strong and I love the high-quality elastic. This allowed me to position the hammock exactly how I wanted it, and I don't worry about my kids breaking it when they pull an animal down. The hooks and mollies supplied were simple to install. Overall a great product, especially at this price!
B0017YJ1O4 Simple installation, great sized product, serves the intended purpose. I love being able to see all my daughter's dolls and at the same time have them up and off the floor (and away from my dogs' reach, too). Classic product, it is popular for a reason.
B0017YJ1O4 I couldn't find a hammock for my son's stuffed animals anywhere locally, so I ordered this one. It arrived quickly and is exactly as advertised. It was easy to attach to the wall, with the included hardware, and it holds a ton of my son's animals. We put it low to the ground so he can reach in and grab what he wants, as he is never alone in his room (10 mo old).I am very happy with this hammock. It is exactly what I was looking for.
B0017YJ1O4 First, this comes with four hooks and anchors. One of the three positions requires six, just fyi.For me, this was difficult to do alone and one of my walls did not allow me to drill into it and hang this, so I had to improvise and nail the hammock into the wall. Since my daughter is a newborn and this is away from her crib, this is okay. I was also really disappointed this arrived dirty. One section of it looks like it was stomped on and drug through the mud. Gross. I haven't washed it to see if it would come out. I just wanted all my daughters endless amounts of stuffed animals out of her crib so she could sleep in it.It's a good price, but you'll certainly need help hanging this and hope that your walls allow you to drill into them.
B0017YJ1O4 Does hold a lot of stuffed animals, I don't know if it's just the corner I have my hammock in but I feel like a lot of the space is wasted because it would push itself too far out of the wall. Again, might just be the way I have the room set up and that specific corner. I think the price and quality is fair. I'd order again if I had the need.
B0017YJ1O4 My daughters stuffed animal collection was getting severely out of control and this has really helped. Since she now shares a room with her baby sister this also helped keep some of her precious babies away from her sisters slobbery fingers. Works perfectly. Stretches really far. No complaints
B00185RM02 Purchased as a small simple toy for my 5 month old.  He rearlly enjoys it.  I will push down on the top and it bounces back up and he thought that was fun.  It is also small enough for his hands.  Seems a lot of toys are really large and bulbous, maybe with the thinking the larger, the easier it is to grab but he prefers the smaller things, like the &#34;legs&#34; of this toy - he can wrap his little hands around it and pick it up.  He still plays with it at 6 months.  It has a rattle also which I didn't realize and he likes rattles.  He also enjoys the face - he seems to love black/white eyes nose mouth on a lot of his little toys.
B00185RM02 It was my daughter's first Valentine's Day this year, so I wanted to get her something to celebrate. I thought of getting a single rose, but she won't have any use for it. So I searched for \"toy flower\" and \"baby flower\" on Amazon, and had to pass up listings of clothing before I found this.Perfect.It wasn't red and it had that large bulb at the bottom for the rattle, but it was close enough. So I ordered it. My daughter loves it. She's about 6 months right now, so she constantly puts the flower rattle in her mouth. It's great, though, because the petal part is flat and small enough that it fits in her little mouth, and the texture allows her to bite down toothlessly on it hard without bother. It's actually got two layers of petal: one where it's fabric and the paper material inside makes a crinkling sound for her stimulation, and then the firmer portion that's more like a teether.The stem is wide, but not too wide to prevent her from grabbing it with one hand.She likes the sound of the rattle, though I found it kind of annoying. It's a little more high pitched than other rattles we have, but I'll tolerate it if she likes it, which it seems she does. She almost always grabs it when I put it near her.
B00185RM02 I've always loved sunflowers which was my main reason for getting it, plus at the time it was on sale for $1 and some change! More importantly, I feel Baby will really enjoy this.  The rattle sound is quite nice and not irritating at all.  Perfect size for little one's hands. I didn't give it 5 stars, just because for some reason it wasn't as cute to me in person as it was online; may be the way the photo is angled, but it's still cute and def worth the price Amazon gave!
B00186YSMQ I decided on this car seat based on my own research and the input of another parent who uses it and likes it.  We do too!  While it is heavy, it is very safe.  Although it is bulky, it is very user friendly.  The latch for the base and the SIP adjustment lever are very easy to use.  The adjustable strap in front of the seat allows you to make certain that the child is very snug and safe.  One note though, when we took this to the hospital to be tested with our child, the nurses did not know how to operate it and told us we had to buy a new one.  After showing them how to operate it they said it was cool and the doctor seat it was a great seat.  Therefore, don't expect this seat to be as simple as cheaper ones but it won't require a degree in rocket science.  Just read the directions.  The SIP cannot be removed from the seat.  Moreover, the fact that this fits with ANY of the Peg Perego strollers sealed the deal for us.  Moreover, our child was born premature and under five pounds and, with the insert provided by the hospital, she fits in it with no problem.  When our daughter was released from the hospital her doctor and nurse said that they wish more parents would have this brand and model of seat upon discharge.  Also, the nurse stated that the base appears to fit tighter than any other car seat base she has seen in her many years at the hospital. Setting the seat up is very easy and the base stays tight and snug with many removals of the seat.  The tightness of the base is achieved by using the Latch system and the seat belt with the seat belt clamp.  The latches for the system are more than just mere clamps found on cheaper seats.  The latch system clamps on this model are similar to seat belt latches allowing for very easy installation and removal of the base.  Our baby rests comfortably and safely in this seat and I am pleased with the purchase.  I gives this seat my highest and strongest recommendation.
B00186YSMQ I bought this car seat thinking that it was the absolute safest thing out there and was thus willing to overlook its ridiculous weight. Now, it seems that Consumer Reports has other options (the Chicco KeyFit 30) that have the same (if not better) safety rating and MUCH bet
B00186YSMQ We had a Graco seat for my daughter when she was an infant 5 1/2 years ago.  This time around with my son we initially purchased an Evenflo Serenade 35 and were not happy with it so we searched around and found this carseat at Goore's.  I saw it and tested it out in person and found that it was indeed much heavier than most other infant carseats--one of the drawbacks I've found, but I will say that over the 5 months we've had it I have gotten a workout lugging it around.  A few more complaints--it is sometimes difficult to lift out of the car because of it's weight (and with a 20-lb baby in it it's hefty), so with that said it is being left in the car more often than not for a few weeks now.  Also, I like the side-impact \"wings\" for the safety aspect but I do think they block some of my son's vision which sometimes frustrates him, even at 6 1/2 months old.  I gladly put up with these minor inconveniences to have a safe carseat that is very easy to adjust and seems to be comfortable as well.
B00186YSMQ So far we love the seat. I'll do a list of pros and cons.Pro:Love the very high quality fabrics and materials on the car seat.Love the consumer reports high crash test rating. The side impact pads are a big bonus.The car seat base attaches quickly and easily to the car using the latch system.The seat straps are very quickly and easily adjustable.Con:It's heavy, but I suppose a 30lb car seat will be heavier.The baby shade awning lines up directly with the carry handle. It makes it tough get your hand under it to pick it up.
B00186YSMQ This is the only infant car seat we have used, but absolutely love it.  It feels like it's well made and our baby looks safe in it.  We have the Tropical (Orange/Brown) color and bought it in 2010.  The color has since been discontinued which is too bad as the color combo is wonderful.  We live in the California desert where the temperatures are hot and have not had an issue with the dark color being too hot for baby...as long as air in car is on, he does fine.  Outside, yes he does tend to sweat in it, but not sure if that's from ventilation issues, color, or whether he would sweat in any car seat just because of the warm temps.What we love:-Vibrant color scheme-Ease of installation in the car and use-Works extremely well with our UppaBaby Vista Stroller - With adapter, easily clicks in place.-Baby is happy in it (We use in car, to maneuver around town, in restaurant high chairs, and shopping carts)...he easily falls asleep in it and seems content.-I can quickly and easily snap baby into the 5 point harness and tighten or loosen.-Helpful user's manualWhat could be better:-As others have said, yes, it can be heavy and awkward when carrying around.  But so far I have managed just fine.-Takes two hands to move the handle into the different positionsWe are quite pleased with this car seat and hope to use with baby #2 when that time comes.  Also looking forward to the May 2011 release of Peg Perego's new convertible seat.  We highly recommend this seat, but it is a personal preference.
B00186ZQUO I like this product because it heats very quickly.  Yes, the beep is quite loud, especially in the middle of the night.  (Fortunately, we didn't have many middle of the night bottles since nursing was an option as long as I was home.)  It does get scale in the bottom, even when using filtered water, but there are cleaning instructions that worked well.  My biggest concern was it sometimes worked too well.  As long as you are responsible and test the food or liquid before giving it to baby, the only problem is waiting for things to cool.The other warning concerns bottles.  Some bottles will melt under the heat of this tool.  ThesePlaytex 3 Pack Baby Drop Ins Nurser Holder 4 Ounce, Colors May Varymelted.  ThesePlaytex Drop-Ins Original BPA Free Nurser Newborn Starter Setdidn't.
B00186ZQUO We have had this bottle warmer for a week or two, and are very pleased with it.  I read other reviews on Amazon before purchasing it, and despite the variability of the reviews, got it and am happy that I did.I don't get overly concerned about how hot versus warm versus \"not cold\" it makes the bottle. We are giving our daughter both pumped breastmilk and formula, and I wanted something faster than microwaving water and the setting the breastmilk in it for 3-5 minutes to warm it and re-suspend the fat of the milk. My goal is that it's not refrigerator cold when I give it to my daughter, although she will take a straight from the fridge bottle of formula when she's really hungry.I selected this warmer to purchase because of all of the ones I looked at, this one was the fastest - shortest time it advertises is 90 seconds, versus 5+ minutes for some other brands.  I purchased it from Amazon because of the great price (and we have Prime so fast & free shipping).As other reviews have said, the beeping is loud.  It doesn't really bother me, nor does it seem to bother her.I have used the pacifier sanitizing feature - I do like that option as my daughter has a talent for spitting her pacifiers pretty far when she is done with them.I will say -- we use the Playtex Ventaire Bottles for formula.  These bottles have a large plastic disk at the bottom (for the air vent) and the disk does get quite hot from the warmer, even when the milk is just warm.  However, since I am wiping the steam off of the bottle with a towel/paper towel anyways, I just avoid handling the very bottom of the bottle and it cools very quickly.  We don't have this issue with the breastmilk in the plastic Medela bottles, as they have plain/normal bottoms.We have not had to descale the warmer yet, but I read the instructions and the vinegar/water rinse seems quite simple.Overall, for what I paid, I got exactly what I expected and I am very happy with the performance of the warmer.
B00186ZQUO This warmer is good.  I don't have anything to compare it to because I don't have any experience with any of the other warmers on the market.  You have to figure out how much water to use for your specific bottle - be it glass or plastic, and how many ounces you are warming up....and how warm/cool the liquid is to begin with.  There are variables to get it just right but it does have a waterproof \"quick reference guide\" that sits in a little slot in the back.I've used this machine for several months now.  I've warmed bottles, baby food and have sterilized nipples, pacifiers and other small bottle parts in it.  It is quite the multi-tasker!  You do need to clean it with vinegar, for limescale/hard water buildup.  But, so far, so good.
B00186ZQUO I have been using this bottle warmer for close to four months now.  I have had no issues.  The insert tells you how much water to put in for the size of the bottle you're warming.  I have never had a problem with it being too hot to give to my son.  The bottom does get brown gunk in it, but it's not terribly hard to clean out and it hasn't effected how the bottle warmer works.We use Dr. Brown's plastic bottles and have no issues.
B00186ZQUO I LOVE this product. The design looks good and it comes with a laminated reference chart that slides in the back of the unit so you know how much water to use each time. It warms my bottles perfectly and I use the NUK 5 oz. and some evenflo's. I've only overheated one bottle and it was my fault (I accidently put double the water in the chamber). The unit does beep when it's ready...but I'm not sure why some reviewers hate that feature so much, It's not the least bit annoying to me.  In fact...I start the bottle, run in for a diaper change, hear the beep, and know it's ready! The unit does build up brown gunk in the bottom after several uses, but as long as you clean it per the directions, it's fine. I highly recommend this product!
B00186ZQUO This warmer is not only easy to use, its small and doesn't take up a lot of room. Its also very fast at heating bottles from the fridge
B00186ZQUO Once I read the directions carefully, it was easy to use. We are past the bottle warming phase right now, but still using pacifiers and chew toys, great for sterilizing.
B00186ZQUO From crazzeto's wife:We had horrible problems with inconsistent warming with this thing, with it either making bottles painfully and dangerously hot or still ice cold about 2/3 of the time. Another pain with this thing was that every time you warm a bottle you have to put in a tablespoon or so of water along with it. But, the measuring container that came with it had water level lines that faded within a week of use so we had to redraw the lines with a sharpie, but that faded too. It was also kind of annoying that the measuring cup was shaped so that it couldn't stand up on its own but had to be slid back in its little docking spot on the front of the contraption. We edned up ditching this thing after a couple of months and getting a much better one from baby pro.
B00186ZQUO Very fast and easy to use! The beep, as per the previous feedbacks, is quite loud but it doesn't bother me as it is in the Kitchen, it doesn't bother the baby either. I am glad I bought it, especially when I need to get the bottle warmed up fast at 3 or 4 in the morning.You do need to clean up the bottom from time to time but it is fast ans easy to do.Great purchase and I will definitely recommend it.
B00186ZQUO We've used this for 3 kids now.  Yes, the beep is loud but so what?  It turns itself off so there's no worry for fire hazards.  The ease of use is excellent, just dump in the water, press the button, put on the bottle.  Wait and pull it out, either at the beep or slightly before (you'll know what your baby prefers quickly enough (how hot the milk should be depends on what baby prefers, of course).  It's easy enough to clean.  The price is great.  I bought an Avent brand bottle warmer while pregnant with this third baby, thinking it would be better since it was new and different.  4 minutes or more to heat a bottle?  Whoever designed that has never held one of my children, especially this one who literally, at 3 months old, will scream and thrash while waiting the 30 seconds for that bottle to warm.  4 minutes and we'd both be done for!  Get this and pat yourself on the back for making one more thing into something easy and manageable for yourself and your baby.  Even when sleep deprived, this one makes life a lot easier.
B00186ZQUO This is a very simple to use warmer/sterilizer. It's fast, and instructions are clear (and I like the quick reference card in the built-in pocket). The one flaw is that the on/off switch is temp sensitive, so if you've recently heated a bottle, you have to wait for the unit to cool off before the machine will heat another one.  A drawback if you've more than one kid on the bottle.
B00186ZQUO Though my Tommee Tippee Bottles did fit in the Warmer, I was unable to secure the &#34;lid&#34; that goes around the bottle.  I would not suggest this warmer for people using these Bottles
B00186ZQUO I really wish I still saved the box. This thing died after 3 weeks- and it now turns itself on without any reason that I can see- completely random. Not great, because in the middle of the night, it'll go off (with no water in it) stink up the room, then beep incredibly loud. It's smelly, hard to clean, over or underheats according to the instructions- has warped my medela bottle, and the beep is ridiculously loud. It wakes up the baby randomly throughout the night now. I'm gonna toss it and get something better. What a shame!
B00186ZQUO You won't realize how much you enjoy these until you visit your inlaws and don't have one! I don't believe there's a better alternative to heating up bottles. We bought 2 for in our home. These heat bottles much faster than boiling water on a stove or running hot water over bottles. We have had ours for almost a year and they are still functioning like new. They do have a build up on the heating plate after using for a long time, but it is easily cleaned off by boiling water in them and wiping the off quickly with a towel. The water container has different levels on it for the size/shape of the bottle you are heating, but you'll learn pretty quickly how much water you need for heating your bottle after doing it so often.Make sure you check the temperature of the bottle before you give it to your baby. These heat bottles so fast that the bottle will continue to heat up if left in the warmer after the beeper goes off.Some other reviewers said that the beeping is too loud. I feel as though the beeping on the 2 that I received is right about where it needs to be. It isn't so loud that it hurts your ears if you're close, and it isn't so quiet that you can't hear it in the next room.These definitely save a lot of time over warming bottles the traditional ways. Just make sure you leave some room around these, because they get extremely hot. I've never had a problem with mine, but would rather be safe than sorry!
B00186ZQUO I've been using this for a little over two months now & don't think I could do without it.It warms bottles very quickly & does so very evenly, no need to worry about hot spots burning your baby.Two things:-I do not follow the instructions on how much water to add.. I just add what I believe looks good & if it seems to be taking a long time, pull it out before it finishes as to not over heat the bottle.-Remember to clean this out every few days. Mine ends up with some brown-ish build up even though I use distilled water in it.
B00186ZQUO We stopped using this thing about 2 weeks after we got it.  No matter what amount of water we used in it, the bottle came out scalding hot every time.  Then you had a 15-minute wait for the bottle to cool down enough to give to baby--which is the very last thing you want when you have an urgently hungry baby on the verge of a meltdown.  We quickly learned that it was faster/safer to just warm the bottle in a container of warm water than to wait for the boiling bottle to cool down to a safe temperature.  We use Dr. Brown glass bottles, and I wondered if that had anything to do with it--but the chart included with the bottle warmer showed necessary water amounts for glass as well as plastic, so no excuses. A worthless lump of plastic on our counter...
B00186ZQUO its not as easy as i would like, and its hard to come up with the right temp, its too hot or cold and hard to navigate.
B00186ZQUO i dont get the bad reviews because this bottle warmer works great for me. i just pour in whatever amount of water ( i dont look at the water/direction chart) and the bottle heats up fine. it does take a little time to get the hang of it but once you do it works great! i just make sure to shake the bottle after heating just incase of hot spots-no bottle warmer is perfect. but i have never had problems with hot spots. the alarm for when it is done is not that loud-it nevers wakes my daughter up. the only reason i gave four stars is because it does get a little gunk from water after multiple uses but i just clean it with a clorox wipe or soak it with vinegar. it is expected to get a little dirty due to constant moist-heat build up. the sterilizer for nipples and pacifiers is awesome-i use it all the time. however-i have used this bottle warmer for only two weeks so i dont know how long it will last but it is great so far! definately would recommend or buy again! fyi-i heat up pumped breat milk if that helps anyone and i use many types of bottles (drop ins, 6 oz-9oz bottles) so it works great with variety
B00186ZQUO this is pretty much garbage.  we had used this for two weeks when the light went out and the beeping stopped-but it still heated the bottles. now it inconsistently heats bottles, which also wouldn't be so bad except that it has a feature that keeps you from turning it on again so it doesn't over heat. it is supposed to be for three minutes according to the manual but it is for anywhere from 3 to 8 minutes.  so here is the common scenario-the baby starts to fuss because he is hungry.  you put the bottle in the warmer, checking it often because there is no light or beeping to indicate it is done.  you check the bottle and it is still cold.  baby starts to cry. you add water to the warmer, alas it turned off.  now you have to wait for it to be restartable.  baby starts to scream.  still waiting, up to 8 minutes.  now you have to restart the warmer and wait another few minutes for the bottle to warm up.  it takes almost as long to heat the bottle as it does to feed him. we are just boiling water now and our son is only 2 months old.it also over heated his pacifiers and made them smell like burnt rubber (sterilization bags never do this).
B00186ZQUO This bottle warmer works great.  Easy to measure water gauge so always use just the right amount of water.  Bottle is warm and not over heated in less than two minutes.
B00186ZQUO I Like this to sterilize a pacifier fast, I can't use this for the bottle warmer as the bottles we use are the Playtex Nursers with the liners and it heats way too hot even on the lowest setting. Very easy to use my 6 and 8 year old have no problems helping me out with the sterilizing and I look forward to using it as a food warmer.
B00186ZQUO I read the bad reviews and wish I had listened to them but there were enough good reviews to think maybe I might be lucky. I was wrong! This creates this nasty brown, smelly film in the bottom of the warmer. It also smells like it's burning the bottle. Just use a coffee mug and water- it works better and smells better too!
B00186ZQUO I got this for my daughter but lost it while moving.... it heats evenly and fast.. so I bought another for my son..
B00186ZQUO My original munchkin warmer had green accents and beeped when finished.  I bought another and took my original one to the babysitter.  The newer model (the one pictured) doesn't beep when it's finished.  I really liked that feature, highly disappointed the newer model doesn't have it.  Besides that it heats well and quick.  All bottle warmers are the same there is really no need to spend a ton of money on one.  You can also find this much cheaper than what it's listed for on amazon.
B00186ZQUO When I bought this product, I was expecting the same one my daughter bought recently.  I was informed that mine was a newer, better version of what my daughter purchased.  I haven't used the food warmer yet or the pacifier cleaning basket so I cannot comment on how well they work.  My only complaint with this item is that it does not beep when the bottle is warmed like my daughter's.  The light turns off but if I'm in another room, I can't see that.  The &#34;no beep&#34; is not a deal breaker for me because the warmer does what it's supposed to.  I just needed to alter the multitasking I did when I could hear the beep instead of see the light turn off.
B00186ZQUO After reading all the reviews, I decided to try the product anyway. The sound of the beep doesn't bother me at all, but then again my bedroom is fairly removed from the kitchen. The problem I have with this product is that it really overheats the bottle! Even though I followed the guidelines and instructions, the milk was always waaay too hot, and I ended up needing to cool it on ice.  In other words, it would have taken just as much time to just float the bottle in a thermos of hot water. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
B00186ZQUO Overall, we are pretty happy with this bottle warmer, especially at this price point.PROS: heats quickly and pretty evenly.  The beep is loud (could be a con, though our baby doesn't care) so you can't miss it.  Comes with a sanitizing bucket, though it's a bit small to do more than pacifiers or nipples.  Compact and cute design.CONS: the stupid adapter ring...  This unit is designed to heat both normal and wide-bodied bottles, and if you use normal width bottles (like we do, with Dr. Brown bottles), you should use the green ring collar that makes the opening narrower, ensuring better heating.  The problem is the ring doesn't snap into place, it simply rests on the unit.  This means that it rattles and falls off every time you take out a bottle or move the unit.  Bad design, solved with a simple fix- make it snap into place!  Another con, as others have noted, is the gunk that accumulates at the bottom of the unit, though that's not all that bad.  The heating guide (the unit is steam powered) is somewhat inaccurate, and it can be tricky to measure exactly the right amount of water to put into the tiny little measuring cup (especially at 3am in the dark!).Overall, I recommend the unit, but with the aforementioned reservations.
B00186ZQUO It does indeed have a very loud beep/alert, fortunately my baby is not sensitive to noises and this doesn't bother him.  (probably bothers my sleepy husband more).  We like the item because it's easy to use, quick, and does what it says!one note: not sure if we are just bleary eyed sleepy hazed first time parents, but it took us a couple days to figure out the cord is wrapped and tucked underneath the warmer.  My husband cursed the short cord on this warmer for days until I finally inspected it and turned it over. ha.
B00186ZQUO I bought this bottle warmer as you can fit different brands of bottles in it.  I use the Tommee Tippee bottles with the anti-colic.  The bottles have a temperature sensor in them, blue is warm, pink too hot.  The only bad thing is that after using the bottle warmer, the sensor is always pink, showing too hot in the bottle, but when I test the milk it isn't too warm.  It is fast for sure which is nice when you have a hungry, screaming baby on your hands!
B00186ZQUO Works good but like everyone stated its a little bit LOUD scared the crud out of all of us I though the house was burning down! Lol also the brown stuff is pretty gross but cleanable and some time diffrent bottles are hard to heat even with the info card. Would recommend but also recommend taking more advice from other moms too probably a better bottle warmer for the same price I don't know about.
B00186ZQUO This bottle warmer does exactly what it's meant to do.  I've had mine for over a year now and just passed it on to the next baby mama in my family...  Still works for her.  I loved that it shut off automatically and I never had problems with the milk getting too hot.  You do have to clean it though.  I used to pour vinegar in the warming chamber twice a week for an hour or so, and that seemed to take care of it.
B00186ZQUO Pretty good.We use this product daily and it helps a lot in warming the milk. Really helpful. Thank you!
B00186ZQUO This is a late night life saver. Our little one goes from zero to 100 in no time flat when it comes to wanting to eat. I love how convenient and easy to use this bottle warmer is. I have used it with Dr. Brown, Medela, and Tommee Tippee bottles with no issue. Works great!!
B00186ZQUO We switched from a traditional bath warmer that heats up a plate to this turbo warmer. It's true it makes a loud beep but we avoided the other issue of the smell by using water filtered from a ProPur water filter. This warmer is so handy when your son is acting as if he does not get that bottle in 1 minute he's going to perish for lack of sustenance. Seriously though, maybe 90 seconds it takes....priceless when the world is crumbling around you at 2a.m.
B00186ZQUO I like it but wish you could use it back to back.  It takes a few minutes to reset so you can't use it if you didn't warm the bottle properly or have to warm multiple bottles.  Works fast though.
B00186ZQUO this product did not work for us i was very disappointed we are using the adiri bottles and it didnt even make the bottle warm i tried every thing.
B00186ZQUO You're better of adding a few more $$$ and getting a really good one, like Dr. Browns warmer, wich I should have done since I use that brand of bottles, etc. I made the mistake of buying this and one month later I had to get a Dr. Browns one, is like they say you get what you pay for, that's exactly what happens with this warmer wich is not consistent, forms a nasty build up very difficult to remove not even vinager and the beeping is so loud! no worth even try, I got this one cause I love a few things of this brand, the bottle cooler wich is amazing I must say, the drying rack, the containers for powder formula on the go, the wipes warmer I think the best one, etc. but with the bottle warmer they need to improve a lot. Other than that the pacifier sterilizer is pretty good idea.
B00186ZQUO I absolutely love this bottle warmer, it is simple to use and very fast! I have three of these, one at home, one at work and another at our summer cabin. As a user of ready to feed formula, this makes heating up refrigerated formula a snap. Sure the alarm is loud but it doesn't bother me at all. If I'm awake and using the warmer, you can bet that my baby is awake too. The little sanitizing basket is a great addition and fits two pacifiers with no problem. As a warning, this thing generates a lot of steam. Do not make the mistake of sticking your hand into the steam before the alarm beeps or you will get burned. It's a common sense thing that is easy to forget when you're dead tired and warming up formula half asleep in the middle of the night :)
B00186ZQUO Definitely worth it. You do not have o boil water in a pot or microwave. Only negative is after water boils out, there is often residue on the bottom. Also be careful not too burn hands when lifting out bottle. There are no instruction for a 2 ounce bottle. The nipple ring gets hotter than the rest of the bottle.
B00186ZQUO This bottle warmer is OK.  For the money, I was expecting something better, but I was obviously expecting too much.  I would call the temperature barely warm at best when heating just a few ounces.  My son is only eating 3 ounces right now and I can't imagine how long it is going to take to warm an entire bottle.  This is even with filling the premeasured cup past what is suggested.  I end up adding a little more water just to get it to warm.  The other significant drawback is the super loud beeping signal to tell you the process is finished.  My house is not that big and I am always crossing my fingers in the middle of the night that my 3 year old doesn't wake up to the long and loud beeps.  I wish there was a way to turn off the beeps!
B00186ZQUO I used a Tommee Tippee bottle warmer (kinda pricey) for the first 5 months. It would take about a minute per ounce of room temperature formula...parents know this can result in a crankier baby while we wait for the bottle to heat up. As our baby's intake has increased, we found we were having to warm her bottle 1/2 way through her feed so started looking for a 2nd warmer to keep in the nursery for convenience. This Munchkin Deluxe Bottle & Food Warmer was one of the cheapest I could find. It uses steam instead of water like the Tommee Tippee and is SOOOOOOO FAST! It takes 1-2 minutes for a 4-6 ounce bottle. And we've found the little measuring cup (A-E for levels of water to add depending on size, temp & type of bottle) to be right on.We use Avent bottles & the times are right on target--perfect temps! I wish I would've been using this one all along!The only downside is that it is hard to do a slight warm-up of a bottle w/this one. The Tommee Tippee is good for that, but this has become our primary bottle warmer! And the little measuring cup that hooks on to the warmer is pretty easy to use. I just refill as soon as I start a bottle for the next one & it's ready to go :-)
B00186ZQUO This item works inconsistently.When i first got it i tested the water setting to see what i needed for my bottles.It warmed properly 2 times after that, but then the 3rd time did not heat all the way up.I increased the amount of water used to \"Steam\" the bottle.  It worked about 2 more times then again, then did not heat the bottle.This pattern kept going until i needed more then the \"measuring\" container held to heat a 3 oz bottle.  I don't want to know what it would take to heat an 8 oz bottle!Baby is waiting to eat impatiently while i steam and re steam a bottle, never knowing how much water to put in because it changes / increases with use of the product.This is a problem because the safety feature on the product does not allow you to steam a 2nd time without the unit first cooling down, which takes at least 4-5 minutes.I do not recommend.
B00186ZQUO We use this at our Childcare Center in the Infant Room. We now have three of them and we really like them. heating bottles is a breeze with this product, and the pacifier basket is very handy.
B00186ZQUO Ive had mine for a year now & stil using it & loving it. Fast & easy way to thaw frozen milk & chilled milk.
B00186ZQUO i've had this bottle warmer for about 9 months now, and it hasn't broken down yet :)  initially i followed the instructions regarding how much water to put in to heat up certain amount of milk, and that worked fine when I was heating up 2 ounces earlier on.  As the volume increases, I find that I just had to add more water than usual to heat the milk up.  Nowadays i just use the entire water container to heat up 4 oz of milk.  my nanny uses it to heat up water too.  i haven't had any bottles that melt in it yet.  there was one time i forgot to put the basket back in and stuck a medela bottle in there by mistake and that caused some marring on the bottom of the bottle.  if you use the dr. brown bottles, just remember to take out the vent reservoir or the milk will travel up and leak out.the other thing is this thing collects hard water stains and calcium deposits on the bottle, so it kind of look dirty and brown.  i wipe it down from time to time, but i haven't had the time to completely get rid of it.  in all, for the price that i paid, i think it's worked pretty well.
B0018760PI Pad came wrapped in cellophane, but was dried up. I inked my baby's foot multiple times to apply more ink and each time the print was a light gray. Will not buy this again.
B0018760PI I use this to have my baby &#34;sign&#34; cards.  I do either a foot or a hand.  It's easy, doesn't smear, is a good size, doesn't stink or stain and washes right off.
B0018760PI When we use it to do the print of our daughter's hands and feet we were a little bit worried because the ink did not go away easily!Beside that it's a good product!
B0018760PI I saw other posts about them being dried up but I took my chance and it was rather dried up but I added some water and got adequate hand prints for thank you cards.
B0018760PI I like the fact that this product is baby safe but it didn't really work out for us.  It kind of bleeds a bit and you don't get a really clear print. We were using it to take foot prints of our daughter.  We tried several types of paper and it still didn't look right. Mabye someone else will have better luck with it.
B0018760PI This was just what I was looking for! I used this to put my daughter's hand and foot prints in her baby book.  The ink went on easily, and also removed easily with a baby wipe!
B0018760PI I read to do prints while babies are asleep. Worked well but does not come off easily. Took a few days to completely go away. :)
B0018760PI I ordered the black ink pad. When I first got it, I didn't think it was going to be a very good ink pad. It didn't look very high quality. But I was wrong! I did hand prints and foot prints for the baby book as well as prints on multiple Christmas cards for family. The prints all turned out great and the ink was easy to clean off my son's skin. All in all, it worked well for what I needed it for and now I have it for future use!
B0018760PI color was very light and hard to see on the inside cover of books I placed my grand-daughters hand print.
B0018760PI You would not believe how much this ink means to me. I'm sure I sound crazy. But seriously, this ink was great for capturing my baby's prints for her scrapbook. I caught them while she was sleeping so I wasn't able to apply much pressure when printing. The ink was a little hard to get to rub off at first and felt as though I put a bunch on, but the prints showed up a light gray (that may have happened because I didn't apply much pressure though). Ink came off with ease using baby soap and lukewarm water (I was scared of the mess we might create!). Baby's skin looks safe and sound. I was only planning on making her prints for scrapbooking purposes, but now I am considering greeting cards for family.
B0018760PI I expected a product that was much worse from the reviews on here!The pad wasn't dried out and I successfully made a few dark prints of my 3mo's foot. The prints were clear, if slightly grainy (the ink seems to be a bit thick). Holding my son's foot steadily and preventing smearing ink all over seemed to be the greatest challenge with this product, and that's not the product's fault!Clean-up was a breeze.
B0018760PI I bought this for my baby book i am making and every month i do her hand and foot print. i put it in a ziplock bag which seems to keep it fresh. comes of babys hands with a baby wipe and doesn't seem to leave any rash :)
B0018760PI Just as other reviewers said- it's pretty dried out.  I couldn't press my baby's hand or foot into it and get enough ink to stamp.  I rubbed her feet and hands on it for a while and got enough, and the print was OK.  It does wash off easy.
B0018760PI I purchased this item despite the other negative reviewer, who seemed to have just received the wrong color.  I ordered a black ink pad and received black.  The ink works great!  We took a footprint and handprint for our baby book (my daughter is 6 weeks old).  I will probably add footprints to personalized items for Christmas.  The ink works fantastic, and the best thing is I wiped it right off my daughter's hand and foot with a diaper wipe!  No mess.  Very easy to use and the memories of her tiny hands and feet will be priceless.
B0018760PI I purchased this ink pad in order to put my 7 week-old's hand prints and footprints in his baby book and on a wall hanging given to me as a gift. It worked like a charm with just the right amount of ink on his little hands and feet, and the ink washed off easily with soap and water. The pad was a little smaller than the size of the baby's feet and hands, so we had to press the ink pad to the rest of him a few times but it worked fine. A quality product!
B0018760PI I read lot of negative reviews about this product but I just wanted to use it once to take foot and handprints of my infant. All  other options were too expensive so I decided to give it a shot. I am very happy with my purchase. The ink was wet and I was able to get good prints. Also it came off easily.
B0018760PI I decided to go against all of the bad reviews of this product and give it a try any way.  I wish I hadn't.  I'm not having to ship it back to Amazon because my pad would not do any good print.  It feels wet but barely any ink will stick and definitely does not allow you to make any usable prints.  I ended up going to JoAnn and got a much bigger washable ink pad for much cheaper.
B0018760PI I got the black ink and was reluctant to purchase since some of the reviews mentioned that the ink was dry or dried too quickly. I didn't have either of those problems.  My 11 month year old baby used it as a \"signature\" on a few cards and it worked perfectly.  Although she is quite fidgety I was able to stamp her hand well, press it well on paper, and it easily washed off. It wasn't a perfect picture of her hand, but I just wanted to get a simple hand print to indicate her size and not a true FBI finger print match.  If your going to use it for more than a few projects I wouldn't recommend it since I do think the ink dries quickly for an ink pad after the package is opened, but for a simple hand print for a few projects I think it works fine.
B0018760PI i would have been better off getting some type of roller, my 3 mo old doesn't cooperate much when it comes to his hands. the ink doesn't come out very easily so it takes a while to get enough on his hands while fighting him to open his hands, but it works.
B0018760PI dried out a little but they sent me a replacement.  I was able to use it again by rewetting it w a little bit of water later on.
B0018760PI I took a chance with this product despite negative reviews because it's the cheapest baby pad on Amazon.  It's as others have mentioned, really dry and faint.  I was able to get a pair of light but somewhat acceptable footprints on my baby book.Some tips: 1) add some water to rehydrate the pad, 2) kind of drag your baby's foot on the pad rather than just trying to press it down harder.  Bonus tip: 3) if you mess up the print on your baby book (my daughter stepped her right heel down twice), take a soft white eraser, use it on paper first to make sure it's clean and not smudgy, and you should be able to lighten your mistake.
B0018760PI I completely regret purchasing this item. It was completely dried out when I opened the seal, and it ruined my opportunity to get my daughter's feet and hand prints into her baby book. I would NOT get this, and I would not recommend anyone to purchase this item.
B0018760PI I was looking for ink to make hand and foot prints of my baby for cards to relatives.  Despite the negative reviews, I decided to try it, figure I could return it if there was a problem.  The ink pad did arrive dry like a lot of reviewers noted.  However, I just added a few drops of water to the ink pad and it has been working great.  We have made a lot of cute hand and foot prints, and the ink wipes off easily with a wet wipe or just water.  It even came out of the carpet without too much hassle.
B0018760PI The good thing about this ink is the color. I should have used washable marker. This stuff smears very easy I couldnt get a good print and wont come off ANYTHING, clothes or hands. I would think twice before using this again.
B0018760PI I've used this for numerous hand and foot prints of my 3 month old twins.  The case does not snap or click closed, so you'll want to be careful to make sure it's closed when you're done with it.  I am able to easily wipe the ink off their hands/feet with a baby wipe.
B0018760PI Unfortunately I didn't listen to the reviews. I ordered a black ink pad and it was completely dried out. I returned it and exchanged it for a new one and that was dried out too. Quite disappointing because we can't find a baby-safe ink pad at any of the stores in our area.Do not order this ink pad!
B0018760PI The ink pad was dry.  My husband and I tried different things to get ink out of it (water, baby oil, etc.) and nothing worked.  Very disappointed.  I should have listened to the reviews.
B0018760PI I was able to use is for my own finger printWithout problem. Not super high quality but it work. But never was able to do my newborn's hands. There was not enough ink and we had to keep her hand on the paper way to long for it to work.
B0018760PI The ink is so faint and equivalent to a dried-up ink pad.  Had to wipe baby's feet on it many times to transfer the ink and even then the print was so light.  Not sure how it will hold up for archival purposes in a baby memory book.
B0018760PI I should have listened to the previous reviews but I was desperate for some prints by Mother's day and couldn't find anything else. The prints look like dirt smudges. You can't even tell they are hand prints. I spoke with a an older friend and she said use tempura paints not ink pads. Hindsight is 20/20.
B0018760PI This is exactly what we needed for keeping track of our son's growth! We love this product! It was easy to use and safe for him, so we're happy!
B0018760PI It was fine for its purpose but it didn't make an even coating. It was difficult to get a good stamp unless I repetitively whipped across her feet and hands. It was a good product for the value.I give it 4 stars because we got what we needed.
B0018760PI Arrived dry and useless. I had also sent for the Baby Safe Ink Print Kit and it was great, with the pad just like they use in the hospital. Save you money and get it instead, as they are only that tiny once!
B0018760PI Seems like a hit or miss with this product, but half the reviews seem to say it arrived dried up. Mine did too. Otherwise i'd be writing a good review. It's only ink after all. Must just be bad quality control and/or storage.
B0018760PI My baby hands and feet are bigger than this pad .by the time the ink was on his hands and feet he was all fussy . When bought the pad ink is dry and clumpy you have to sprinkle the pad with water and spread the water across to activate the pad .
B0018760PI I purchased this product thinking I could use it to ink my 3 month old son's hands and feet to save his baby prints. The ink pad is actually really tiny, which made it hard to get the ink onto my son's hands and feet, since I had to keep turning it in different directions and at different angles to get the ink on him (though I think more ink ended up on me and the table). If the pad was larger, it would have been so easy to just press his foot on it, then onto a paper. Sigh.I haven't tried it again because it was such a hassel. But, while ink did get all over, it washed off fairly easily - which is a plus. I'd recommend this for small stamps, or if you have something to roll on it, then onto your baby's hands or feet.
B0018760PI This ink pad arrived in a plastic bag, and was also wrapped in cellophane, but even with these precautions, it was completely dried out - I couldn't even get a smudge of ink to show up on my finger. I tried adding a little bit of water to the pad to re-wet the ink, which didn't work. This was really a complete waste of money and I will be asking for my money back.
B0018760PI The ink ran out after 2 very hard to see footprints.  With a squirmy baby, you probably will need to take a couple of attempts before getting a good one and there's not enough ink to get it done.  Couldn't even attempt the hands.  I ended up using a water based non toxic paint that I had on hand. I shouldn't have wasted my money on this one.
B0018760PI Ours dried up a bit but we just kept adding a drop or two of water. I used it for my son's baby book & then again for my dog so I could get his print for a tattoo I've been wanting :)
B0018760PI We were able to get our daughters prints with this no problem.  We found that if I held a piece of paper on top of a book that was what worked best.  I did get the ink all over myself and her clothes but it all came out no problem.  We used a wipe to get it off of her hands.  I would recommend trying to do it while your baby is sleeping.  It didn't even really wake her up.
B0018760PI Works like it should... you just need a bit of elbow grease to clean your kid up with the pink ink... or she'll be walking around with pink feet.  Seems strange but it was easier to clean the black ink off her feet than the pink ink.  We used baby wipes.
B0018760PI I was very skeptical about this product bc all the bad reviews but, it worked perfectly for me. Other thing was that t was quite tricky open my baby's hand. Good product if you know how to use it.
B0018760PI This ink pad was good enough to get my baby's hand and foot prints done.  I had no issue with the pad being dried out.  Yes the prints look a bit smudged, and may come out light if not enough ink is applied. however that is also attributed to the parents guidance of the infants hands.  It gets the job done and the best part was that it was EASY to WIPE OFF.
B0018760PI not dark enough ink and came a bit dried out and slightly ripped packaging. was not quite what i expected.
B0018760PI paint works better and it really wasnt all that dark the first time then it dryed up better for feet than hands in my opinon
B0018760PI Was excited to use this but it was dried up when it arrived so was unusable.  Very bummed.  Good idea but does not deliver as promised.
B0018760PI We bought this ink when we couldn't find any no mess pads like they have at the hospital. I still would have preferred the no mess ones, but this washed off prettying easily and got the job done.
B0018760PI Worked well for what I needed it to do.  The shade was dark enough.  It did dry out like others said.
B0018760PI I purchased this ink andBaby Safe Ink Print Kit - Basic. This product is the usual sponge ink pad while the latter is pure gel ink on a plastic plate. This ink was easy to apply to baby's hands, but the pad was very dry when we received it, and I had to moisten it to get sufficient ink coverage. The impression was a mid-grey, rather than black, and it looks like it would wear relatively quickly. On the plus side, it was very easy to remove from my baby's hands, unlike the other ink. If you're looking for a forever keepsake, go with the other ink print kit. If you're looking for ink for a craft project, this would work nicely (after a little water doctoring).
B00188XW26 My son has loved this toy so much we have bought one for the car, his nursery and the living room. He is now 8 months, but has been crazy about it since we introduced the O-ball at about 4 months. The only thing you should beware of - when you order this from the Amazon site you can easily get any color. We ended up with a pink one for our son (I just regifted ;) I have bought an additional 3 as baby gifts for other people. We're not AS crazy about the Big version of the ball, tho...
B00188XW26 The Oball looks like alot of fun.  Very light and can be easily picked up by your little ones.  However, I will not be giving this toy to my 4 month old baby.  Those pockets of rattles are glued in and they are poorly done.  You can see glues slabbed all over.  They advertised as PVC free, PHTHALATES free, lead free, even safe to put in steamer.  All that is useless if you got dried glue all over.  I can't imagine any babies playing with this toy since they always put things in their mouth!!  Totally unacceptable as an infant toy.Another reviewer had also mentioned this, I thought it might be a fluke but looks like Rhino Toys have some quality control issue.  I will be returning the product.
B00188XW26 My almost 3 month old daughter has shown almost no interest in toys unless they dangle over her head until she received an O-Ball.  The openings are the perfect size for her little fingers to grasp and the rattling keeps her entertained.  I was very doubtful on whether she would find it fun, especially since I was looking at it from an adult standpoint that it made no noises/lights/etc... but she loves it.  We now take her o-ball everywhere with us.  And the more she plays with it the better she has become at grasping other items.  A must have for babies!
B00188XW26 As soon as I put this in front of my baby girl, 4 months old, she immediately got so excited and grabbed and put it straight to her mouth, followed by shaking it a ton. It's only been a few days, but it's already her absolute favorite thing in the world... helpful too since she just got her 4 month vaccines and this toy helps cheer her up a lot!I haven't noticed the glue issue another reviewer noticed (although that WAS a few years ago after all) and to me it seems pretty sturdy but she only plays with it supervised anyway.Best $8 I've ever spent :)
B00188XW26 I was wary about this item.  My son is 4 months old, and yes - the rattle parts appear to be a choking hazard.  At first, I bought him the O-Ball Football (no rattle).  It's a little heavier and firmer, and he didn't really enjoy it as much.  So I bit the bullet and  bought him the O-Ball Rattle.  He LOVES it!Please note, I did NOT purchase this online - I picked it up for $5 at Target - it was there that I was able to completely inspect each ball and choose the one that looked the best.  He absolutely loves to hold this in his hand and transfer it from hand to hand and bang it around.  He doesn't try to put it in his mouth, but I am always with him when he's playing with it - I never give it to him unless I am with him.  If you're concerned about the rattle parts, there is a regular O-Ball without the rattle available.We actually have 2 of these (one for home and one for the grandparents' house) and the football.  Seriously - he loves this thing.... the best $5 I've ever spent!
B00188XW26 It is good in the sense my daughter can hold it with her hands and she feels happy that she can do it, she is not able to put it in her mouth : it is too big....it keeps rolling away so connected it to the links I bought and hang it from her jungle gym for her to hold or bat....
B00188XW26 My baby is 3 months old and this is the first toy she picked up on her own. It makes her giggle when we shake it and come close and close to her with it. she reaches for it and it is one of the only toys she can hold for a long period of time without dropping. I would absolutely buy this again. We play with it every day.Update:This was the first toy that my baby could play with on her own. This was the transitional toy to her playing with things herself instead of me just shaking things around in front of her. Now at over 8 months she still enjoys it. It is one of the best infant toys I have purchased and I would recommend it to everyone.
B00188XW26 We have had the Oball since my son's birth.  Before he was able to grab or hold toys on his own, it was nice that we could attach it to his baby gym so he could easily stare or bat at it.  At a little under 3 months old, it was the first toy he grabbed onto and held on his own.This seemingly simple toy has entertained my baby in so many different ways over the months since then.  For a while, he just liked to stare at it and try to shove the whole thing in his mouth (it didn't work).  Then he discovered that he could shake it to make a sound.  For the past couple of months, he's been fascinated by anything that rolls and amused by rolling it across the floor.  And just recently, he's realized it will bounce if he drops it, which he finds hilarious.Add to that the fact that it can also be smushed, and it's really quite a lot of fun.  I assume one could also use it as, you know, a ball as well.  On occasion, my son and I have played catch by rolling it across the floor to each other.At 11 months old, my son still plays with this toy sometimes.  It was a good purchase and worth the 7 or 8 bucks it cost.
B00188XW26 I don't have much new to add, besides another 5 star review. It has been my son's favorite since he first got it at 4 months and now still at 9 months. It's easy to grab, it's soft (which got us through the period when he would inadvertently hit himself in the face with everything he grabbed), it makes a nice gentle rattling noise, and it bounces (convenient for when he is in an enclosed space and it can bounce back to him). He enjoys tossing the ball to us.
B00188XW26 My 8 m/o twins did not get too excited about this toy. However, I think that it's a nice addition to our toy box and hopefully they will grow to love playing with it. Perhaps the ball will be more fun when they start crawling and can follow it as it rolls away. I like that this toy has no PVC, Latex, Phthalates, or BPA. It confirms to safety standards ASTM F963-03. Made by Rhino Toys, Inc., manufactured in China.Update: it did become one of the toys to fight for - it rattles, it rolls, is easy to grab, and even can jump if thrown against the floor. Not sure why there is a warning about small parts - the little rattling balls seem to be safely encased in the transparent plastic windows.
B00188XW26 My daughter enjoys this toy, but appears to want to eat it so when she can't eat it, she doesn't enjoy it too much.  Yes, I know it sounds a little funny, but she'll shake it around and throw it on the ground, pick it up and then try to stick it in her mouth.  Once she can't do it, she moves on.  It's well built, durable and easily cleanable (is that even a word?) and entertains her for a few minutes at a time.  I would have given it 5 stars, but it doesn't entertain enough.
B001890IPE I got these for my 5 1/2 month old daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves them. They are a good size with bright colors and different textures. The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is that when you take them out the box they are attached together with a piece of string. Assuming that the string would break, I tried pulling them apart and wound up ripping one corner of one of the blocks leaving the string still in tact and attached to the other 3 blocks. I guess that was just user error but I still don't understand why that string is necessary...anyways just be sure to CUT the string and not pull it.
B001890IPE Sent to nephew's 4 month old and he loves them! Big hit with parent as well as they are very particular about who makes the product and quality. Thank you for quick service and great product!
B001890IPE When I purcased these soft blocks, I was looking forward to playing with these and stacking them with my son. However, when I received them I quickly realized that my son was more interested in the \"add-ons\" for each of these blocks.There is a banana, an airplane, a key and a lid that attracted my baby's curiosity and attention.I also disregarded the washing instruction and washed mine in a pillow sheet (warm) in the washing machine and so far these toys have handled it pretty well. Just beware that after being machine washed, they won't be as \"square\" as they were when new.
B001890ITK My older one loved his tummy time, so I was surprised when my younger one hated it.  Hated it, that is, until I got this awesome tummy time master!!  From the time that I put this in front of her she did not stop cooing.  SO sweet!  There are some things such as the detachable fish that she can't use yet, but I like the fact that this will still keep her interest even when the tummy time is a thing of the past.  I recommend whole heartedly!!!
B001890ITK My son is 3 months and HATED tummy time!  I was searching for something to catch his eye to help him enjoy it a bit more.  I found this and was willing to try anything to help - plus this had a multi surface and multi age feature. We used this (in conjunction with a Boppy) to see if this would help him stay on his tummy longer and SURE enough it did!! It was so great to see him looking in the mirror and smiling and playing with the goldfish.  The other plus is that when tummy time is over and he starts sitting up he can play with the birds and the peek-a-boo sides as well. I also love the fact that it can fold up and go where we go without being big and bulky. Overall I love this and feel it was a great purchase for a desperate Mom during tummy time!
B001890ITK You have been warned. The version advertised is not what you get. I got what I guess is the older model with no teether & instead of a fish-food rattle, the fish itself is the rattle & you only get to birds not 3. I can easily add my own teethers in front of the mirror but the discrepancy would make this item worth no more than $20. I'm sorry I paid $25 for it.
B00189GSA8 Bought one of these antd I loveeeee it. The size is great and the quality. I got exactly what was in the pic. It is very soft but I thought it would have been a bit thicker, but that's okay, this can work for me. I wished they had different colours with the same bear so I can order more. I will be ordering my rest of blankets in the future from Cater Brand
B00189GSA8 i do not know why some leave bad reviews but i was soo happy i bought the first one for 6.99 then i felt unhappy when the price went up, i bought my second one last week and it arrived within 2-3 days very fast shipping no prime.about blanket: this blanket is only loses its fur when it is in contact with evenflo car seat... so i do not use it when i am out and about i use carter boa blanket. both me and my mother in law love this blanket because it is not thick like the sweet baby its thick and we can hardly wrap the baby with it...we love this cause it is think but it keeps the baby warm no matter how cold it is outside, when i touh the baby he is always warm when i touch him especially since we have to put him in the sun and our downstair is always cold about 67 degrees witht his blanket he was able to keep warm. i wished they have it in different colors. it took me a while to buy the second one was not because i am second guessing, i really love this blanket more than the sweet baby blanket that other reviwers left on this reviews, because when it arrived it smelled like gasoline even though it is thick but i can not wrap the baby around and it'stoo long the dimension is not equal it makes the blanket looks wierd. i was really happy when i bought the second one because i was patient enough for it to go on sale again at 6.99 next time if it goes on sale again i mite buy it again even though my child already have 6 baby blankets xUPDATE:: I washed this blankets many times now, its soft. and afforadable when i bought this for 6.99, its soft and thin but its really warm
B00189KKXE this is incredibly soft and the perfect size to sunggle my baby boy in! As long as the price stays low (under $8) I will be buying more of these for baby shower gifts! snoozysung blankets alsom somes in a monkey, bunny and somehting else i believe! im glad i bought it!
B0018B7NSM This is a great swaddler and sleep blanket.  They are well made, hold up in the wash, and work well as swaddlers (disassemble before washing though).  However, for what you are getting, it should cost half of what it does, in my opinion.  If it was more affordable I would give it 5 stars.  I have only found it less expensive here than in other places though.
B0018B7NSM I received the newborn set at my baby shower.  There was a noticeable difference in my son's sleeping when we started using these, probably when he was 2-3 weeks old.  The swaddle feature stayed secure all night, and we knew he was warm and cozy.  When his little arms started escaping around 4 months, we still used the sack, and bought bigger ones as he grew.  I think we stopped using them around 13-14 months, when he could cover himself with his blankie.  I wish they were a little cheaper--I ended up using my sewing prowess to lengthen one that was too short for him so I wouldn't have to spend $20 on one.  Cheapskate or thrifty???  Judge me all ya want, but it worked for us!
B0018B7NSM I really like this Halo sleep sack. It has been working great for us during nights. Our baby sleeps very well when she's swaddled in it. I ordered the second sack, because my husband just loves the fact that our baby can't get out of it at night. The only thing I'm not crazy about is velcro on the actual swaddling part. If you undo it, but leave the \"wings\" on, your baby can scratch herself. So you have to completely remove it, and then put it back for the next night, and it's not very easy to remove it when the sleep sack is still on your baby. I feel that other similar products did a better job by putting the velcro on the tabs that can be closed just by themselves, so the baby is still in the sack, but can't scratch herself.
B0018B7NSM Our son sleeps better when swaddled, but at 2am I'm way too bleary-eyed to tangle with a square swaddle blanket, and he easily wriggles out of blankets anyway, so this is a good alternative.Pros:*It is so simple: put on the sack like a vest, zip it up, wrap the flaps, and velcro.  I can handle that even at 2am.*The zipper ends at the feet, so you can change a diaper without unswaddling baby.*It's safer than a blanket--no worries he'll wriggle out of it, get it over his face, and be unable to breathe.Cons:*The velcro is just poor quality.  After about 6 weeks of using it nightly the velcro isn't sticking well, particularly the little tabs at the bottom of the wings.*This pack comes with two sleep sacks but only one has the swaddle wings.  The wings are removable, so I assumed I could attach them to either blanket, but the larger sleep sack doesn't have the velcro to attach it.  We tried just wrapping our son in the wings one night, but woke up to find that since it wasn't secured to his back he'd wriggled it up around his neck.  Dangerous!*It takes surprisingly long to dry in the drier, which isn't a huge deal but can be frustrating if you're waiting for it to dry so baby can go to bed*I wish it was a more lightweight fabric.  Because this is two pieces (the sack and the swaddle wings) baby ends up with three layers over his chest (there is also a satin lining with printed instructions on the back of the wings).  It's summertime now and our son wakes up pretty hot sometimes.*I wish the wings weren't detachable.  It has two large velcro squares on the back and then little tabs on the sack that you thread through holes at the bottom sides of the wings to keep it from creeping up.  I wish it was just one piece sewn together instead of messing with all this velcro.*It would be great if this had a slit where you could thread a harness between the legs.  When we put baby in his swing in this we have to unzip it and pull one leg out in order to fasten the harness between his legs.As you can see, I have more to say about its cons than its pros, but the simplicity and security of this compared to a blanket keeps me using it anyway.  If they'd made it of better materials and sewed it as one piece I'd give it five stars.  In spite of the cons, if you baby sleeps better swaddled it's worth it.
B0018BY2EU I was breastfeeding exclusively until I went back to work at 3 months.  She was fed with Dr Brown bottles but it would take almost an hour to get her to drink the bottle.  It was so difficult for the nanny to feed her and frustrating for me since she ended up throwing out a lot of my precious milk.  I found this on Amazon and she took it without a fight!  It's so amazing how this bottle changed the way she eats and how much more she can eat now.  If your baby is having a hard time switching to the bottle from breast, I highly recommend this product!
B0018BY2EU I was looking forward to using these bottles but when we tried them my baby did not like them. I also tried the first years breastflow bottles and she didn't like them either. I finally tried the Dr.Browns bottles and she took them right away, now I hope she wont reject nursing, we will see.
B0018BY2EU Before we found out our baby was tongue tied we went through so many bottles trying to get him to eat.  This was the ONLY one that worked!  The reason being that he could lightly suck (which was all he could do) and milk would come out easily but not like a flowing faucet.  He also couldn't have any nipple too long or it would gag him. There are two things I don't like about this bottle, hence the 4 stars: Leaking and hard to warm milk.  There are measures you can take to make sure it doesn't leak (keep nipple and lid COMPLETELY dry before they meet so they seal AND screw the bottom on nice and tight), but at 3 in the morning it is hard to get everything just right and leaks definitely happen on occasion.  The other thing, warming the bottle is not fast.  I always warm my milk in a bag first then transfer it into the bottle.  That is a bit of a hassle.*1/23/13 update:Bad idea for tongue tie baby if you want them to learn how to latch properly after tongue tie release to return to nursing. Because this bottle let the milk out so easy without proper suction my baby forgot how to latch and could not understand how to nurse. Had to change to a bottle with a longer nipple that would stimulate the back of his tongue, he then starting keeping suction and a seal and a latch.In short, this was good to give him milk in desperate times (or for a baby who has no suction issues) but not good to learn to suck properly after the issue was resolved.Also, I have decided I hate the upside down/clear measuring label. Hard to tell how much you have.Overall I have found the bottle is more of a hassle than it is worth, but I am glad I had it when nothing else worked.
B0018BY2EU There is definitely a trick to using these bottles, but once we got it sorted out, they were awesome.  My son took to this and switched back and forth between breast and bottle with no problems.  The best way we found to use them was to skip the cap entirely.  We'd warm the milk in the pump bottles, then hold this bottle upside down with a finger over the nipple, pour in the milk, and screw on the bottom.  We had no leaking problems at all doing it that way.  Plus, it doesn't get any easier to clean!  I tossed all my Dr. Brown's because I hated standing there with a tiny brush scrubbing each little component, only to still end up with mold.  These bottles I could quickly handwash or toss in the dishwasher and they always came perfectly clean.
B0018BY2EU I wanted to try this bottle, and the comotomo, and wanted to compare how well my baby would do between then two. (After trying tommee tippee, Dr.Brown's, NUK, Similac, Medela with NUK Ortho nipples).First of all, with the comotomo, she would drink like 3oz. With the Adiri, she drank 2oz first, played for a bit, and drank a total of 4.5oz in the end until the very last drop!The nipple is a bit shorter than other bottles, but if that resembles the mother's more, then your baby will probably do better with this one.I have also noticed the leaking issue, but have figured out why:-You actually have to push down really tightly onto the cap before turning the bottle over. If it's not tight enough it will leak-When you push the bottom of the bottle (with the bottom cap on), don't use your palm, because your palm can create a suction and then break the seal, causing leak. If I used my fingers to push it down, it does not happen.Overall I like it, but I would like to see some comparision between this one and the new NxGen version!
B0018BY2EU My son would only take the Adiri stage 1 bottle after exclusively breastfeeding for his first 3 months. I thought these would be as good as the stage 1. They were not!!! I was so disappointed. The milk would leak and spill out from the bottom. I really feel the design needs to be reworked. These could be a lot better.
B0018BY2EU I am exclusively breastfeeding my baby and he refused allbottles. I mean he would scream and cry when given a bottle. However this bottle is our saving grace. Finally I habe found in the adiri a bottle my baby will take. Its pretty simple with only 3 parts. Only thing is you cannot heat it  up but that is a small issue. I am so happy to have found these. Now I can go back to work and know that he will eat and not be stressed while doing so. He has taken this bottle 4 times in the last few days. That neer happened with the other nottles. We would have to stop trying since I cannot listen to him cry stressed out when I can fix the problem.  The other bottles we tried were Born Free, Mimijumi, Playtex Nurser, and Medela.ETA (8/6/13): This bottle is still a favorite for my baby but it leaks, just as other reviewers had stated. I didn't think that was an issue for us until I noticed in the water in the pot on the stove my mom uses to warm the bottle, since you cannot use the bottle in a warmer, that the water was cloudy. When I asked her she said it wasn't like that prior to putting the bottle in there so we tried it again and sure enough, the bottle contents leak. It's just a little but still so. I was disappointed that was happening. I order the Adiri NexGen recently and that is not any better and was way too much trouble to use. Great concept but poor design.
B0018CMX9U I only gave it 4 out of 5 stars so far, because we haven't used this travel system yet.  I will be giving an updated review when our newest addition arrives.Received this item very fast!  We already have the car seat installed.  My husband and I have been waiting a long time for our 2nd addition to come.  We were given the date of Jan. 26, but our OB/GYN has told us that he might be here as soon as Jan. 15th, so we're getting everything ready in advance.  We have been through this process before with our now 3 yr old son, but it seems more overwhelming with a second one, who is a boy too.  We love the colors and the reviews that were given on this travel system.
B0018CMX9U This is a perfectly fine travel system.  There is nothing really special about it, but nothing really wrong with it either.  Unfortunately, the stroller didn't fit in our car, so we ended up using a Snap & Go with the carseat.  We did use the stroller around town and it is pretty nice, except the steering is really clunky.  It is really hard to turn the stroller at slow speeds or from a full stop, you have to back up and kind of get a bit of a running start.I don't really recommend or not recommend this one, it is totally average and adequate.
B0018CMX9U Overall this is a good buy, especially for the price, but it's big and bulky, as most travel systems are, and didn't fit well in my Mazda 3.Pros: I'm tall and don't have to bend to use the stroller; manuevers well; handy cup holder; nice print; convenient to use stroller with infant seat; Z-shaped handle on seatCons: According to the manual, infant seat handle has to be 1 in. from back of seat in front of it and in the down position. Most infant seats allow for the handle to be up in the car--not this one! Therefore there was not enough room to fit this seat in my Mazda 3 safely. It failed the car seat inspection; Stroller is big to fit in the trunk and heavy to lift in; Wheels shake a little.As this is my first child, I am quickly learning how fast they grow out of the infant seat, making the bulky stroller a little unneccessary. If I had to do it again, I would buy a stroller frame to put my infant seat in and get a good lightweight stroller to use in a recline position and for sitting upright as my child grows.
B0018EFGGU Just as good as the original that came w/ the cups. My ~1-yr-old daughter stuck her finger in the spouts, making a huge hole to spill the water out. Simple solution--cheaper than buying new cups.
B0018EFGGU This replacement spout fit perfectly but understand what you are buying as there are two different spouts (older and newer).  The cup that my grandson likes best is good as new again.  Just check to be sure you are purchasing the correct replacement spout for your cup.
B0018EFGGU These spouts worked with my Nuby sippy cups and were a good price.  I'm sure my boy will bite through them just like the originals, but I won't complain that this is a quality issue, just a bad habit from the baby!
B0018EFGGU I bought these spouts a few months ago.. i love this spout it doesn't tear easily unlike the older ones..however thwe one problem i noticed is you have to rinse them out immmediately after use..or won't clean well if you just wash them in dishwasher
B0018EFGGU This is exactly what it says.  Replacement tops for the nubys. Fit great no complaints. Will probably order more since my son likes to chew on the top part. It does take a lot of chewing to break the seal.
B0018EFGGU Fit his cups perfectly and helped save me money since he likes to chew on them.
B0018EFGGU So we are still buying this brand of sippy because I still think it's the best soft-spout out there, but we do have to replace these spouts often - they are too fun to chew and then the inside of the spout break and they leak EVERY WHERE.  However, while they aren't broken, they work perfectly.
B0018EFGGU work good to replace on nuby cups works ok on munckins.  but nothing else that i have found.  they do not leak unless pressed on something like a stroller.
B0018EFGGU These spouts break easily with a teething toddler, but it's nice to be able to replace them and not have to waste the whole cup. The soft spouts were great for a beginning sippy cup user, but now that my son can drink from the harder spout, we'll buy those type of cups instead.
B0018EFGGU We have been using these for nearly 3 years now so I feel pretty comfortable reviewing this...The good:The spouts are easy to clean and can be thrown in a pot of boiling water to sanitize (they are silicone).They are quick and easy to take apart and put back together.Really are spill proof as long as the holes are lined up right.The bad:My daughter is a chewer, which would wear on ANY sippy, but over time her teeth will break through the silicone. It's not like she rips it off or anything. As I'm washing them I inspect for little tears and toss what is no longer good.If the holes just aren't lined up (happens every so often) it will drip. This is an easy fix, thankfully. Just massage the sides of the spout and it will go back together.Overall these have been our favorite sippy and as our son will soon be ready for a training cup I plan on using these with him as well... depending of course on prices. The price for these replacements have jumped nearly $2.
B0018EFGGU It works, it seems like Nuby has two different top sizes so I was nervous ordering it, and was happy that I got the correct size.  This works, but if your baby/toddler has teeth and likes to bite, this is NOT good for you.  The spout will pretty easily get punctured and/or ripped.  My toddler went through this spout so fast.  Also, the original spout that was with the cup didn't do this, but this replacement spout seems to vent poorly.  She sucks on the milk and after a little bit the top caves in because it's not venting properly and building pressure, then she can't get anything out and gets frustrated.  I will be sticking with the Gerber/Nuk cups from now on.
B0018EFGGU it is does exactly what it is supposed to do and that in itself is something wonderful as any parent with small children would know.
B0018EFGGU Two of my little kids like  this Replacement Silicone Spouts but the other, (one of my twins), nop. Every kid is different.
B0018EFGGU But a real pain in the you-know-what to clean. However, like I said, this was the only alternative to a bottle out of which we were able to get our kids to drink their formula. For that, I am very thankful!
B0018EFGGU I purchased this Nuby nipple replacement for a bottle that I never used. I'm not sure if it works but assume it works just fine.
B0018EFGGU These are great. They are leak free and although they do crack when bitten too much, I find that all silicone nipples and spouts do the same. These are the exact same as the original ones that come with the cups.
B0018EFGGU These always work.  I never have anything wrong.  Come two in a pack and securely packaged.  My son likes to chew on the spout so the leak proof seal gets destroyed.  So, I replace it...no biggie.
B0018EFGGU The new spouts are NOT like the old spouts, I just bought new cups and they don't let enough air into the cup, so the nipple inverts into the cup when the child is sucking liquid from it.  So every few seconds, the lid has to be removed to allow air back in, the nipple returns to normal position and then lid put back on.  My son doesn't really like them anymore because it is too hard for him.  I compared his old with his new and they changed them, WHY?!?!?!?! They were great before.
B0018EFGGU I love these replacement nipples. My daughter ate through the first cup I bought after 6 months. They last awhile even with a biter, and a good way to ween from bottles to cups.
B0018EFGGU I ordered extra spouts b/c my teething 15 month old likes to chew on them to help the pains in her teeth and I discovered real fast that she was wearing them out real fast. At least you don't have to buy a whole new cup!
B0018EFGGU Everything came as I ordered and expected it, in proper packaging and in good shape. The spouts themselves are fairly easy for my 2 year old to bite through, but until she does, they work great and never drip.
B0018EHTH4 A neighbor suggested this when we told him our son was teething.  We bought a two pack at Buy Buy Baby (a competitor to Babies R Us) while we we were there for something else. We never heard of this useful item before.  The price for two was less than buying two individual here.  Also helpful, and we did not know this until now, was replacement netting is available.The good - helps out when your baby is uncomfortable.  We've cut up cucumbers, pears and apples.  We've also used ice cubes.  The handle is very easy for our 9 month old to grip and insert the netting into his mouth.The bad - as another reviewer said, is it's hard to clean sometimes.Great idea for a baby shower or a just because gift.
B0018EHTH4 We have 2 of these.  I like that it's hard for our little one to get open- he just can't.  I have no problem with it, just push in on the texture part and twist.  It seems pretty sturdy with no small parts.  The problem I have with it is the netting is so long he just holds that instead of the handle, so he's covered in whatever food is in the netting.  Avocado, not such a big deal, but apples are sticky and he was a mess.  Maybe another brand has a shorter netting but I haven't checked.
B0018EHTH4 If you enjoy causing yourself pain in order to feed your baby, this is the product for you!  If not, go with the Sassy model.  Opening and closing this is extremely difficult.
B0018EHTH4 Hated this one. Impossible to open and the handle is too thick.  They are all a pain to clean, but this one is worse because opening it is so hard to do. Not a fan.
B0018EHTH4 My 8 month old girl loves this thing! she loves frozen fruit in it.  I bought a munchkin first but didnt find any replacement sets for it so it didnt work at all.  Saw this nuby one and love it! big enough for her small hands to hold.  Replacement nets are a lil bit difficult to clean but if put in water just after use, this will help.  I will definately recommend.
B0018EHTH4 The description said the baby wouldn't be able to open this and that is true because I have a hard time. I like the single stick-type handle and the net comes completely detatched for cleaning. But, it's a pain in the neck to open and close it.
B0018FGDFC Another item which I can't understand why I waited so long to buy these.  Dr. Brown's bottles leak horribly and it used to drive me crazy how everything in my bag would get wet.  Just place these on top of the tan inserts and the bottles don't leak.  Perfection!
B0018FGDFC Good deal for the money.  I borrowed these bottles from my sister for my LO.  I like the disks because you can put it on the bottle and not worry about formula spilling out.  I had to buy these because I had lost a couple and needed to replace them.  I'm glad you can buy the parts needed and not have to buy the whole bottle again!
B0018FGDFC When placed under the nipple in the nipple collar these are supposed to prevent leakage and they do a little bit, but not to the degree that I would use them to take liquid bottles with me.  I use these for when I premake a bottle with just the premeasured powder formula in it and don't add the water yet.  I put the premeasured water in another bottle and use the travel caps for the liquid.  Do not buy these unless you plan on using them like I do.
B0018FGDFC These are a must have if you are sending bottles to the daycare/sitter etc. - I wasn't using them and then a bottle tipped over at the nanny's house in their fridge and all of my breastmilk was spilled so she had no bottle - I started using these and now no worries if the bottle tips over.
B0018FGDFC I lost all of the original disk for my Dr. Brown's bottles.  I knew exactly what they did before I purchase.  Nothing to critique.
B0018FGDFC Fit great in my cheap Evenflo glass bottles, even though the brand is different.  These are much cheaper than buying Evenflo specific, if you can even find them!
B0018FGDFC Just note that if you are getting these for your nuke bottles they won't work.  I don't want to give a low rating when I'm sure they are fine, I'm annoyed that I can't find these for the nuke bottles I have, but that is not the manufacturers fault, I took a chance...
B0018FGDFC Dr. Brown's products had great ratings and after a lot of research this is what I decided to purchase.  Great product!
B0018JWAF0 With our first son, he could eat from basically any bottle and be fine, but with our second having reflux and a little colic, this was the best bottle!  He doesn't spit up or fuss as much with these bottles.  I would highly recommend these to anyone who has to deal with reflux, colic, or gassiness!
B0018JWAF0 My babies never suffered from colics.  Once they start to crawl you won't need to burt them again, they are great.Not the easiest to clean but worth buying them anyway.
B0018JWAF0 Our Newborn has very bad spit-up, every feed she is a volcano.  Her spit up is dramatically reduced when using Dr. Brown's bottle as compared to directly from the breast or using Tommy Tippee bottles.  As others have said, there are a lot of parts of the bottles, but washing them is not an issue.  The bottles come with a mini-brush, and are dishwasher safe - thus making washing them take the same amount of time as any other bottle.  My favorite part of these bottles are that they fit with the Medela Pump in Style breast pump. I attach these to my pump and pump directly into the bottles, to avoid extra dishes. Highly recommend these.
B0018JWAF0 We totally bought into the whole Dr. Brown's thing for my daughter - bottles, dishwasher baskets (2) and formula pitcher.  We have been using them since she was bout 2 months, and she's now 15 months.  For our next baby, though, I plan to use Advent or anther brand.  I used to be annoyed with how many parts there are, but I'm used to it now - the dishwasher baskets made by dr. browns helps with that.  The reason I'm throwing them all out when my daughter is done with them (and buying something different the next time I'm preggers) is that the bottle insert (tan thing - you can't see in these pics) grows mold. So, every few months, I have to buy 9 new bottle inserts (3.50 for a 3 pack).  There's a little dimple type thing in the middle of the insert that you can't clean under, and it becomes gross.  If you only have a few bottles, and wash them right away, you're probably fine.  However, my husband and I both work, so we have 9 bottles total, and we wait until they are all dirty to run the dishwasher.  I didn't realize it was mold at first, and was so horrified with myself once I realized it.  Note: now that my daughter is on milk (not formula) I haven't seen any mold grow.  I also might try a wide mouth bottle the next time so they get cleaner in the dishwasher... we are not the wash by hand type!
B0018JWAF0 After trying about 6 different styles of bottles, our 1 week old decided on these.  I find she is less gassy and fussy after feedings since we've started using these bottles.  Other bottle's vents would put air bubbles into the formula, Avent, being one of them.  These don't add any air to the formula or breastmilk at all.  I've read other's reviews about them leaking.  I haven't had any of the 9 bottles I have ever leak, so maybe their bottles are defective.  I don't really find the parts to be difficult to clean at all. Right after a feeding I take the bottle apart and run them all under hot water, then they go into Munchkin dishwashser baskets and thats it.  I don't use the pipe cleaner that comes with it b/c rinsing them right after feeding,cleans all the holes out.  These bottles are great.
B0018JWAF0 I used these bottles for both of my babies when they were newborns. The only reason I bothered with these bottles was because they were the only ones I could find that had preemie size nipples, otherwise I would have just stuck with the NUK drop in bottles.PROS:-preemie nippleCONS:-WAY too many parts to wash and store. Nipple, nipple ring, cap, inner seal, inner tube, bottle, ugh! Who has time to wash greasy breastmilk off all those parts?!-Did not help with gas as claims-Too tall to fit into my bottle cooler, even the smaller 4 oz bottles.-Horribly leaky, even just on its side-Expensive
B0018JWAF0 Love these bottles.  Many claim they are horrible to clean but not having a dishwasher, they really aren't any different for me or more time consuming than every other bottle.  Sure there are a few more pieces but you run what is essentially a pipe cleaner through them after they soak in hot soapy water and rinse!Definitely eliminate a lot of air and help my baby with her gas.
B0018JWAF0 I would highly recommend these bottles.  They work great and do not leak.  Have been very pleased with them.  Will be getting more if these ever stop working.
B0018JWAF0 As a certified professional nanny, I have used this bottle with three different babies.PROS:-venting system seams to work well-Measurements are easy to read-despite the number of pieces, it is fairly easy to put together and take apart (you do need two hands though)CONS:-Slow flow is way to fast for newborns or breastfed babies. We switched toPlaytex Baby VentAire ADVANCED Standard Bottle 6 OZ - 3 Pack: Boy Colorsfor that baby-milk gets caught in the blue air release valve, which means that you have to pull the bottle out of baby's mouth towards the end of feeding and drain out the valve before giving it back to baby. Plus this makes the venting system not work well-There is always a little milk left in the bottle, no matter what you do-5 pieces to clean takes twice as long as it does to clean a 3pc bottle.EDIT:I foundDr. Brown's 2 Pack Natural Flow Preemie Standard Nipple, which I assume would have worked for the breastfed baby if she weren't 9mo old now.
B0018JWAF0 I purchased these bottle for one reason only - MADE IN THE USA!  My son was breastfed for about 8 months, but I had difficulties and had to supplement with formula and now he is bottle fed.  I have used the 4 oz and 8 oz bottles.  Since these are the only bottles I have ever used, I am not sure if they help with spit up.  My son spit up a lot for the first few months and now he hardly ever does.  I think spit up is pretty common in very young babies, regardless of what bottle you use.In regard to some other reviews:LEAKING: I think a bottle may have leaked 2 or 3 times but if I disassembled & reassembled it, it didn't leak again.CLEANING: In my view, there are only 2 ADDITIONAL pieces (Vent System) to clean and it comes with a cleaning brush so it takes about 10 seconds longer.  When people are saying \"7 pieces\" that includes the bottle, nipple and ring (you would have to clean these anyway) and the cap and travel disc which I don't think you will be using every time.  I use thePrince Lionheart Complete Dishwasher Basket Systemso cleaning is not a big deal.MARKINGS/PAINT: I have no problem seeing the measurements on the bottle and I have not had any paint come off.Overall, I would recommend these bottles.
B0018JWAF0 these bottles definitely seemed to help with my daughter's colic, but they drive us nuts.First, the measurements are tiny and extremely difficult to read - as are the nipple flow indicators.  I have twins on different flows and they are hard to tell apart - especially in the middle of the night.Second, these bottles leak so badly.  I have followed all of the instructions and have several of the bottles, but each of them drip terribly.  You need to wash your hands and arms after feeding the kid, and they don't travel well, even with the little disks they provide to stop leakage.Lastly, with the caps the bottles are longer than standard bottles, so you can forget about fitting them in any bottle holders, coolers, or standard diaper bag bottle pockets.I actually don't mind all of the parts; some other bottles out there are worse.
B0018JWAF0 I wish I had bought these in the beginning because they are awesome at preventing spit-up and gas. Being a parent is a lot of work so washing a few extra parts is not a good enough reason to not purchase this product.
B0018JWAF0 I wish we used these from the beginning of bottle feeding. We unfortunately had to switch to formula because of health reasons and after trying 3 different types of bottles this is the one. The nipple is perfect for her. You do have to clean the multiple parts good but it comes with a little brush for the small parts. Long story short it is completely worth it and I am now hooked on all things Dr. Brown!
B0018JWAF0 It is a great pack, I order 3 boxes of this so I can leave one in my mothers house, another with my mother in law and other at my house, and they are great !! the only thing is that I have to bought apart some nipples level 2, because this bottles came with level 1.
B0018JWAF0 I can't really explain it, but these are the bottles that came out ahead of all the rest.  My daughter rejected Born Free and used Playtex Ventair for a while, but always preferred the Dr. Brown's.  It seems like she sucks the milk down easier, even with the level 1 nipple.  And she did have gas problems when she was young so I think these bottles helped.  They are a little bit of a pain to clean, but not that big of a deal.  Definitely worth it.
B0018JWAF0 I used these and the avent bottles primarily.  While Dr. Brown's bottles do require more cleaning I like the bottles.  My son didn't have problems with colic so I don't know whether it's due to the bottles or not.  I don't know about the labeling coming off in the dishwasher since I usually wash my bottles by hand.  I do like the slenderness of the 4 oz. especially.  They are easy for my son to hold.  The 8oz. is thicker and a little more of a handful for my son but he manages.
B0018JWAF0 Our baby had some major gas pain issues, so we tried these bottles.  The venting system really helps, and they are his favorite bottles to use.  There are more parts to wash (the blue vent, the cream vent-top, the white collar, the nipple, the lid, and the bottle itself), but it's worth the extra time.  They also come with a bottle brush that is dual ended, to easily scrub the bottles and the nipples.  We have already purchased 4 more to use.
B0018JWAF0 We started with the playtex drop in bottles and they worked well. We didn't have any trouble with leaking like some others have mentioned. But our daughter had pretty severe reflux and someone recommended we switch to Dr. Brown bottles. They are a little expensive and there are so many parts that we were very hesitant to make the switch. But sure enough, after the first day using them our daughter ate more ounces of formula than she did with the playtex drop ins! Since she is under weight, every extra ounce matters so we were thrilled. I think the playtex do a good job of keeping the air out, but squeezing the air out is a pain.I don't like washing the Dr. Brown bottles (compared to easy to clean playtex drop ins) but it is ok. We did find that a different brand bottle brush works much better with these bottles (The First Years Bottle Nipple Brush). It is slightly smaller so it slides in very easy. I highly recommend that brush for these bottles.Also, the doc brown bottle warmer is WONDERFUL!!! Drop it in, hit start and walk away. We tried heating water in the microwave, an electric kettle and a crockpot. Bottle warmer is worth every penny and then some.
B0018JWAF0 The first few times we used these bottles our son didn't like them. However, they work perfect now! He is 10 weeks and we are already using Dr. Sears level 2 nipples. They are a little long and narrow but it just takes getting used to if you are usetod the short, wide bottles. They are easier to clean then the Born Free air vents too. All and in all a good purchase and arrived quickly.
B0018JWAF0 Overall it's great. The flow is good. Baby has less gas when using these. The only downfall is the extra pieces you have to wash.
B0018JWAF0 After I read the great reviews about these bottles and from my girlfriend, I went out and purchased 2 sets of these bottles and all new level 2 nipples and the rack set - I thought I was set.  Boy, did I regret it.  I never thought these bottles would be made in China - I don't know, with all the news about the high levels of lead found in baby products manufactured there, it made me wonder why Dr. Browns would even produce them there.  But I'll stick to the review of these bottles, they were a pain to CLEAN, ASSEMBLE and DISASSEMBLE - and because of all the little parts, you really needed to buy the big and bulky Dr. Brown Rack (so keep this in mind if you don't have storage space).  Most importantly, my daughter hated these bottles.  Nonetheless, I switched to Avent.  BTW, in case you were wondering, my girlfriend who told me these were great bottles later confessed and said she hated them because of all the time it took to clean them, but was stuck using them because her kids were used to them.
B0018JWAF0 These bottles with their inserts definitely reduce the amount of air the baby swallows. Fewer stomach cramps from gas makes for a happier baby. They also have the four ounce size that work the same way but has a shorter insert.
B0018JWAF0 Dr browns is the way to go for bottles period. Our child had horrible colic the first 3 mo and feedings on me were miserable for him- we had to switch to bottle feedings and these bottles made all the difference in the world. Yes their pricey but you can't put a price tag on helping your child feel better!
B0018JWAF0 Dr. Brown's bottles really do help with gas but I am not certain if these are original Dr. Brown's or an imitation.  The writing on the bottle differs slightly from my other Dr. Brown's bottles and these don't come with any leaflet unlike my original Dr. Brown's bottles. Packaging didn't look like Dr. Brown's either.  I am using these anyway since it's the same shape as my original Dr. Brown's but even the flow insert is a cheaper look and different shade of blue as my original.
B0018JWAF0 These bottles are my favorite! It is a bummer cleaning all of the pieces; but other than that they are great quality; no issues with spit up and are easy to clean. Worth every penny!
B0018JWAF0 We got these after trying avent, medela, nuk, breastflow and a few others. I thought I found the answer to my son's excessive gas/acid reflux in these bottles as it seemed he reacted right away by burping less during feedings. However, after a week or so- I noticed leaking. A LOT of leaking. This includes the glass bottles and the plastic. I tried taking them apart, reassembling, making sure the nipple was pressed in all the way, unscrewing the lid, tightening the lid, switching parts... Nothing. I pump exclusively and fill these bottles. After all that work pumping, cleaning of those parts then cleaning and setting up of all these dr brown parts- the last bs I want to deal with is leaking! It leaks so much we have to wrap a towel around the bottles while feeding! I'm NOT happy I've spent over $25 on dr brown's bottles for this to happen. I JUST threw away the packaging, of course! I wish I could return them and get my money back. I do however, LOVE the warmer by dr brown. That is an excellent product. By the way, if you're baby has \"COLIC\" look into acid reflux. 1 out of 5 babies have it- and supposedly drs now think colic is actually stomach acid burning the baby's esophagus. Does the baby arch his/her back and get fussy after meals or when you lay them down on their backs? You can DO something about their pain. There is no such thing as \"colic.\"
B0018JWAF0 We love these, and so does our little one.  They seem to work very well in preventing gas and tummy troubles...though some of that could be that our baby has a very chill, happy temprament.  I use them to store breastmilk in the fridge as well, and have had no troubles.  They do leak if overfilled, but the line is marked on the bottle so that can be avoided. The ounce markers can be a bit difficult to see as they are clear and raised only.  They also leak if they tip over, which is sad if its expressed breast milk...but that's life!
B0018JWAF0 My only complaint about these bottles are that the 8 oz comes with the #1 size nipple. They should come with the #2 as the babies using them are older. Also note that if you put more than the maximum amount in the Dr Brown bottles, ei 4 oz or 8 oz, they will likely leak. It says that on the bottle too above the oz measures.
B0018JWAF0 These are probably not necessary for every baby, but for mine they were a lifesaver!  My 5 week old formula fed son was having a terrible time with spit-up and gas.  Actually, I think it would be more accurate to say he was vomiting up ALL of his formula pretty much every time he was fed.  I was using Playtex Drop-ins and following all the advice I could get (using special formula, keeping his head elevated after feeding, feeding fewer ounces more often, burping often...) but the vomiting was getting worse.  The pediatrician assured me that he was in good health, just a \"spit-up baby,\" but after a particularly bad night where he accumulated well over a basket full of laundry I had enough.  The next morning I purchased 10 of the Dr. Brown's bottles (one to try and three sets to use if I liked it).  This bottle made all the difference in the world!  He much prefers the nipple on this bottle so he feeds more quickly and enthusiastically, and amazingly the food actually stays in his belly.  Since we started using these he has only spit up one time, and it was just a small amount.  I have noticed that he rarely has to burp with these bottles...just a small one every now and then but nothing like before.  The best part is that he is so content.  After a night feeding he easily drifts off to sleep, with no stomach pains at all.  Yes, there are a lot of parts to wash and figure out how to use.  But I was willing to do anything to help with my baby's stomach issues!  My advice on these would be to try the \"simpler\" bottles first, but keep these in mind if your baby has gas, spit-up, or colic.I also wanted to add some tips on using these that I learned from trial and error.1.  I prefer the Munchkin Deluxe dishwasher basket to the Dr. Brown's one.  It takes up much less space because you only put the parts in it, not the bottle itself.  I put the vent reservoirs in the straw holders, the vent inserts and nipples in the top section, and the collars, caps, and discs in the bottom section. Then we just make sure to put the basket on the top rack. I have 10 bottles so I got two of these baskets to hold parts for 8 bottles at a time (4 bottles per basket). You could probably fit more but I like to give everything enough space to get clean!  We have a two story house so I bring one basket and cleaning brush upstairs each night. That way I can rinse the parts right after they are used and put them right in the basket. I fill up the second basket the next day and then run the dishwasher that afternoon/evening.2.  I think it would be a good idea to hand wash all the parts with the brush every few days or so, even if you use the dishwasher.3.  I see no need for most of the \"accessories\" you can buy to go with these bottles.  The exception is the formula mixing pitcher!  It makes it much easier to make bottles ahead of time without shaking them and introducing more air.4.  These will fit in most bottle warmers.  Just make sure you remove the disc first (oops...).  Mine is The First Years BabyPro Nursery Warmer.  I do have to take the nipple and cap off to make them fit in the cooler section, though.  This is not really a big deal because I have the discs to seal the top.5.  If you assemble everything as the directions say and screw the collar on tight, these should not leak.  So far I haven't had one leak yet.
B0018JWAF0 Don't buy this product!I have twins and have intimate experience with this product and would not recommend it to anyone.Overview:They don't decrease the need to burp due to less air intake during feeding.10 parts to clean per bottle and you have to hand wash all parts (dishwashing will not get parts clean)!!!!!!!Cloudy bottles with raised not colored markers: meaning you can't read the measuring markers even in good light.Here is the deal... the primary advantage of this brand/bottle are they are supposed to cut down on air intake and thus decrease the need to burp... really? With my experience they have failed.One bottle/feeding, whether it be a feeding when the babies weighed 5 LB's or now that they weigh 20 LB's still requires that we stop and burp them often (three times or more a bottle), which they eagerly and loudly burp (like Barney on the Simpson's \"bbbbbbuuurrrrp!\") or else the gas gets caught and they throw up formula when they do finally expel the gas. Seems the same as any other bottle and those other brands don't have the other draw backs these have...Cleaning is a pain in the butt!!!!!!!!NEVER dish wash these things. DON'T buy those stupid little plastic cages that carry all the parts as all these pieces won't get cleaned properly. There is no being lazy with this system, you HAVE TO HAND WASH every piece. Okay, there are 7 pieces to the system (this includes the cap and travel disc), two of the everyday 7 pieces require you clean them with a pipe cleaner (3 parts to clean with a pipe cleaner and a  dish washer is NOT going to get those holes clean). So you add the 7 pieces and the time it takes to clean the 3 holes with a pipe cleaner and I have a count of 10 PIECES TO WASH PER BOTTLE EVERYDAY!!! That is freaking INSANE! So lets do the math... 10 pieces to clean per bottle x's 20 bottles, cleaned once or more a day... you do the math. Yup, you did the math right, that is 200 pieces to clean per bottle per day! Stupid isn't it? All this for a product that is terribly ineffective.Lastly the annoyance factor, and this was HUGE for me!Time for a brief history to validate that I know what I am talking about: I am a  father of twins that were born premature. Which means we had to continually monitor food intake to ensure the twins ate the appropriate amount of calories. So every feeding, which was every three hours, 24 hours a day for the first four months, had to have a specific amount of fluid in each bottle, then we had to record how much they ate so we could track daily calorie intake. Ya, LOL, THAT is a lot of feeding and a LOT of experience with these bottles.Before I get into this next segment a quick note: on this listing, at the top left hand side are the option to view four photos of he product, the only photo that clearly and truly represents the cloudy nature of this product is the fourth image by \"Mike\" of a girl drinking from a bottle. Look at the product that the girl is using and you will note how truly cloudy the bottles are. Okay, onto my last issue with the bottle....As the twins got older and eating more we migrated from the few glass bottles we had to 8 oz BPA free plastic bottles (since we needed 21 of these bottles we went with plastic instead of glass as we figures the technology was the mechanism and not the container). So now we are using the cloudy PBA free plastic, we still need to monitor the twins intake and record the amount of fluid/food they consume to monitor calories but here is the deal... with these cloudy BPA free plastic bottles it is all but impossible to read the measuring markers. Whether I am trying to read the markers in the well lit kitchen or in the twins room via a night light, I'll say it again, it is all but IMPOSSIBLE TO READ THE MEASURE MARKERS on these bottles.Imagine, there you are feeding your baby at 3 AM, you are exhausted, your baby has been eating for 15 minutes so you look at the bottle to see if he had eaten the minimum amount as the baby is getting tired but you can't read the markers. So you twist to position yourself near the nightlight so you can view the marker, you still can't make out the marker readings. Now the baby is getting restless and waking up so you settle down, and use your thumb to try and count the raised markers via brail... you are not sure but you think the baby should eat one more once before putting them down again. Okay, repeat this over and over andover  again. if you can envision what I am talking about please trust me and know that you will want to throw these ill conceived pieces of crap in the trash immediately!!  Not just once but and time and time again... but you don't as you have a good investment in these things! So you think twice. Then you think to warn others....I even wrote to the maker/manufacturer and complained about the fact they have a design flaw in that the often-used-and-critical-measuring-markers are near impossible to read in any light (since the level indicators are raised, like brail, I literally have to feel for the level indictors then count by touch to know the level remaining in the bottle). A flaw that is an insult to me, a user AND a customer, and that they need to correct. Their pathetic and insulting reply? They could not make the ink stick to the bottles so they went with the raised no colored solution. This is all because of the fact the bottles are PBA free (before they switched to PBA free the bottles had colored markers and clear bottles which were SUPER easy to read).  I cry BS to their reply!!!!!  Their pretty little logo with all the fine lines and intricate detail sure has not lost a single pixel of paint/color/detail from our daily washing, therefore any color they could have added to the measure markers would have stayed true too. I just hate lazy, lying corporate structures that won't do right by their customer.So in closing:They don't decrease the need to burp due to less air intake during feeding.10 parts to clean per bottle and you have to hand wash all parts (dishwashing will not get parts clean).Can't read the measuring markers even in good light (I have 20-20 vision)Lying lazy corporation.There, I think that covers it. :-)  Look for another solution. Despite what others may say, you have been warned.
B0018JWAF0 We have used these bottles with our first child after trying for months to get her to take the Playtex drop-ins without leaking half of it down her face.  Switched to these and she did great and did not have tummy trouble.  Now baby # 2 has been a trial to get to take a bottle.  He refused for quite awhile and we tried SEVERAL different bottles.  Again I was really hoping for the ease of Playtex and again I am back to the Dr. Browns.  He does a great job with them and does not get gassy.I wish they were \"cuter\" and not so tall.  They are a pain to wash and I am not too sure about putting them in the dishwasher.  So, aethetics and ease of washing are all that bring my rating down from 5 stars.  Not sure about some people's counting abilities:  if you use the cap (which I don't need that often) there are 6 parts to wash: bottle, nipple, collar, cap, resvour, and the tan piece - can't remember what that is called.) They are very utilitarian but they have been great with both of my children.  I have a collection of several other brands because I really didn't want to mess with these but these again are the winner.Hello dish-pan hands - here I come.
B0018JWAF0 The bottles arrived quickly and in good condition.  We like that they are bpa free and have the special air removal system.  Although people talk about how many parts there are, they seem simpler than the bottles we tried with vents in the bottom and are supposed to do a much better job at keeping air out of the milk.We just wish the polypropylene, bpa-free version came in the wide-mouth as well as the standard size bottle.
B0018JWAF0 Our son (6 weeks) has been exclusively formula fed since he was about 2 weeks when we accepted that breast feeding just wasn't going to happen like we'd hoped. So, since then, we've been searching for the perfect bottle. So far, Avent is our favorite (we've also tried Born Free, Tommee Tippee, and Similac), but we're still dealing with a LOT of swallowed air (which means upset tummy and LOTS of painful gas) and formula squirting out the sides of his mouth throughout his feedings.We have a couple friends who swear by the Dr. Brown bottles, so I thought I'd give them a try. I was a bit underwhelmed by them. The idea behind the system is genius, and I don't doubt that it works for a lot of babies out there, but so far we haven't noticed any difference - in fact, I think he's been spitting up more and he continues to have very painful gas. I don't like that the bottles are tall and skinny (makes feeding awkward - I like to cuddle him close during feedings) and the bottle doesn't fit well in the bottle holder on the side of our diaper bag. The measurements aren't painted onto the bottle, just raised in the plastic, and they're VERY hard to read (especially during those night-time feedings when I don't want to turn on all the lights and wake him up even more). I'm not a fan of the skinny nipple, and neither is my son. He seems to have to swallow it to get a good latch - I'm curious to try the wide neck variety to see if they're easier for him to latch onto. And lastly, I'm not crazy about the extra parts to clean. It's not necessarily a deal breaker, but when I'm less than impressed with so much about the bottle already, it's just one more thing to make these bottles not worth it.
B0018JWAF0 The wife and I tried multiple bottle brands and this is the only one that virtually eliminated spit-up episodes with our daughter.  If we have any additional children, these will be the bottles that we use..............highly recommended!
B0018JWAF0 While my son wasn't really \"colicky\", he definitely had terrble reflux and gas. I switched him to these bottles when he was 3 weeks old, and his spitting up is definitely less! What I most love about these bottles is that the nipple doesn't collapse because of the straw system! Love that its BPA free also. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because its a HUGE pain to clean all the parts of the bottle 8 times a day, especially the straw part.
B0018JWAF0 we bought these a while ago now and are still using them. they help ease gas with the aid of these strange mechanisms within the bottle. cleaning is not too difficult, just takes a little more time but worth it. the nipples offer excellent flow.
B0018JWAF0 For 7 weeks I had an EXTREMELY gassy/colicky baby.  I opted to purchase glass bottles in the beginning and not use the plastic drop-ins because I was concerned about BPA.  Being a new/inexperienced mother I did not realize just how much of a difference the right bottle could make in preventing air in the tummy.  I actually thought that the formula was the problem... and my pediatrician never mentioned anything about these bottles (she only mentioned the plastic BPA drop ins which made me kind of mad!).  My mother did research on colic and found reviews on these Dr. Browns Natural Flow bottles and thought it was worth a try.  I ran out to purchase them (needed them right away, could not wait for Amazon) and used them on the next feeding.  It worked!  I noticed immediate results... my daughter wasn't arching her back, wriggling all over the place, crying or being fussy after her feeding, etc.  She also didn't need to be burped as often.I gave this product 4 stars because the bottles are not leak proof and there are a few extra parts to clean which can be a pain when washing by hand.  Still, these bottles have been a life saver and I would recommend them to any new parent as the FIRST CHOICE when their newborn arrives!
B0018JWAF0 My daughter had severe acid reflux and would vomit everything up after she ate.  Our doc put her on meds and said these bottle would help.  Oh was she right!!!  My daughter still spit up (rarely), but it was nothing like what she used to do.  I'm pregnant with our second and will use these from the start this time.  As for the extra parts, buy a diswasher basket and put them in there and they all get clean at the same time!  I did buy a drying rack because all the pieces don't come out dry, but I will never use another type of bottle again!
B0018JWAF0 Dr. Brown's bottles are my first choice.  After 7 children, and hundreds of bottle failures, I decided to review these to share my experience.#1 Do these bottles cure colic?  No.  Colic/Reflux is a mechanical issue located in the baby's esophagus and upper stomach.  However, the Dr Brown's bottle provides a steady flow with zero nipple collapse, and yes I believe the baby's sucking force and ear pressure build-up is reduced.#2 Yes, these are a pain to clean, especially after 11 months of cleaning them for twins, but I would rather use these that worry with collapsing nipples.#3  I do not like the nipples that come with these bottles.  With the exception of the Preemie flow.  The preemie flow is awesome for breastmilk!  The nipples are long and narrow and tended to choke my babies so I use the PLAYTEX VENT AIRE nipples with the Dr Brown's bottles.  I'll review the vent aire nipples in another review, but those nipples are hands down the best.#4 You can put cereal in these bottles with no problems.  I used cereal for my reflux babies.  If you use the FAST FLOW playtex vent aire nipple or the size 3 or 4 Dr Brown's nipple you do not have to cut a hole in the nipple.  The y cut nipple from Dr Browns is very fast unless you use more cereal.  I use 1 (formula) scoop or cereal per 4 ounces, and the flow is perfect.#5  You can mix 8 oz of water, 4 scoops of formula, and 2-3 scoops of cereal in the 8 oz Dr Brown's bottle with no problem!  This is great if you use powder and make bottles as you need them.  Other bottles don't have enough space to mix this way.#6 These bottles are straight and easy to prop, if you think you'll never prop a bottle when you have twins you're very wrong, there's never enough hands!Mom of 7, and RN
B0018JWAF0 These are the only bottles (besides the enfmail standard nipples that go on the ready to feed travel pack bottles) that my preemie will use. We tried so many different kinds of bottles, and he gagged and dropped his oxygen sats on most of them, except for these.  Order extra caps, they tend to get lost.  These bottles have held up well so far.
B0018JWAF0 I stupidly went out and bought a bunch of these bottles before our baby was born, after a few people recommended them...should have just bought a 2-pack and tried it out before making such an investment. I thought the large amount of parts due to the vent system would be annoying, but that actually turned out not to be much of an issue, since the bottles come apart really easily. The main problem with these bottles is that they LEAK CONSTANTLY, no matter what you do. Literally, I would fill a bottle (not past the max fill line), start to feed my baby, see it leaking like crazy from under the bottle rim...and after wiping up my son, I'd go to pick up the bottle again and literally see streams of milk continuing to leak out from under the rim while the thing was standing up vertically. Tried tightening the bottle rim, and when that failed, tried loosening it - nothing worked. At least I can say with certainty that it was not a defective issue with one pack of bottles, since we had at least 15 of them and they ALL did it. In addition, the plastic is soft and they'd leak even more if you squeezed the bottle at all by accident...and they're too tall to fit in many sterilizers. Just plain annoying from every angle. We finally chucked them and switched to Born Free bottles, which are 100% awesome. I seriously don't understand all the hype about Dr. Brown's bottles - I don't think their \"special vent system\" is any better than any other bottle's, and I actually think the vent system is what causes the leaking. Don't waste your money!
B0018JWAF0 My baby likes these bottles.  My main complaint is that he still manages to gulp lots of air while eating, so he still gets uncomfortable from burps.  There are also a lots of parts to wash, but I'm used to that now.  On the positive side, the parts can be purchased separately, which was great to replace some worn pieces on our older bottles.
B0018JWAF0 I first tried tommee tippee because it was suppose to be the most similar to breastfeeding. However he had difficulties because of the flow of the nipple. The slow flow nipples were too fast. He fought the bottle because of it and I needed to find a solution since I was going back to work. He usually nurses for 40 mins and he was finishing the bottle in 10 mins. He never seemed satisfied after the bottle either. So I tried Dr Brown with the preemie flow nipples (the slowest flow nipple I can find). That has worked for us. He can now handle the flow and the bottle now takes 25 to 30 mins, more similar to nursing. I highly recommend these if you are breastfeeding and need to bottle feed while at work! Yes more parts to clean with the Dr Brown but worth it! He also had less gas with these!
B0018JWAF0 They seem to help limit the air our baby gets while eating. There are numerous parts but with the Dr. Brown dishwasher baskets, washing is easy!
B0018JWAF0 I have 9 of these bottles that I use with breast milk for my son while at daycare. The bottles are excellent and not difficult to use. My comments:1) Yes, the markings are not colored (just raised plastic) so it takes an extra second to measure how much liquid is in the bottle. However, correctly reading those markers requires that you're eye level with the bottle anyway, so this isn't an issue to me. If you're preparing a bottle in the dark having bold markings isn't going to help anyway.2) There are a lot of parts to clean, but it's not a big deal. I toss everything into the dishwasher (and use Cascade dishwasher pouches and white vinegar or Jet Dry in the rinse compartment; the detergent and rinses were approved by my pediatrician). I dry everything on a Munchkin drying rack. Some bottles take a little longer than overnight to dry, but it's not a big deal.3) Yes, the bottles will leak if you turn them over without the circular insert in place. I don't use the insert because I don't want anyone opening the bottle and getting any dirt into the milk. I just put the bottles upright into a Playtex bottle cooler with some ice packs and I haven't had any leaking problems going to or from daycare. I don't think I would take these to Disneyland or on an adventure where they might sit upside down for a while. However, these are perfect for daily use.4) This is by far the most used and liked type of bottle in daycare. I think 10 of the 12 infants there are using these bottles. I use the self-laminating stickers on Amazon to put my son's name on the bottles and a washable food label for the date.I do love these bottles and I'm very happy with them. I won't be bothering with another type of bottle unless I plan on traveling with a full bottle.
B0018JWAF0 For a baby with acid reflux like mine, I found that these won't eliminate the spit up problem but they will help reduce babies discomfort and crankiness that accompany acid reflux. Also prevented my baby from chugging her food down the way she was with other bottles I tried. The argument that it is too cumbersome to wash these is ridiculous. . I hate doing dishes, but I throw these in the dishwasher most of the time so it's not a big deal at all. If I do wash by hand. it's 30 seconds more than most other bottles, which is no reason to shy away from them.My only complaint, I went out and bought about 24 bottles total only to discover new PINK bottles at BRU the other day. I was so mad!!! They have cute blue ones now too. Why did I have to stock pile before they came out with the new fun colors???  Still a great bottle though.
B0018JWAF0 love these. the only downside is that there are multiple pieces (I even had to draw a diagram for a babysitter one time ;) But... they work, they don't leak, and they are bpa free. will use these again for any subsequent babies we have!
B0018JWAF0 We have both the Dr. Browns and Avent bottles.  We started our baby on Avents when he was born but switched to Dr. Browns as he has some gas issues.  I'm not so sure that the Dr. Browns bottles made any difference, or if there is it might just be psychological.  I'd recommend starting with the Avents or another brand if you can and if your baby does fine with those use them.  If they get gassy try these.  Because even though I don't love the Dr. Browns, all their cons are worth it if they help your baby not be gassy.  But from a use perspective.Pros:1. I'm assuming they reduce gas but have no proof.2. They have been fairly durable, as long as we follow instructions (see cons) they do not leak and we have not had them break or become moldy. On a note, we put our used bottles in a tub of warm soap water within a few hours of ever use and this may not be convenient for everyone.Cons:1. Since the measurements indicators are clear you can't see them in the dark, we ended up marking the spots we needed with a sharpie.  I find it hard to believe they couldn't have colored these as the logo seems to be holding up to repeated rinsing just fine.2. There are way too many parts (and they're oddly shaped) to clean.  With Avents, there are five parts (including the cap).  With Dr. Browns there are seven (including cap and that annoying stopper circle).  I was able to fit all the parts of six Avent bottles on our munchkin sprouts drying rack (which I highly recommend).  With the Dr. Browns it's like playing tetris (not the fun part) with all the parts. You also need a special brush to clean certain parts, which they provide but doesn't last long so you have to buy they're replacement ones.3. They'll leak.  When you transport them the only way to keep them from leaking is to insert a circular piece of plastic between the vent portion and the nipple.  It also means when its time to feed you have to open the bottle to remove it.  This has led to several times when I have either forgotten to put it in leading to a leaks, or forgotten to take it out, which has led to baby sucking on air until I realized what was happening. Again, it's in the instructions, but in the real world, it's easy to forget.  Again the Avents don't need that, just put the cap on and you're good to go.4. Narrow bottles.  Ok so this is clearly a preference thing, but the narrow necks make it harder to clean them.  We use an oxo bottle brush (also highly recommend).  The brush fits you just have to be careful putting it in and pulling it out or you're going to get yourself wet.  Also being narrow tends to make the 8oz size taller than most bottle cooler bags I've seen which makes storing them on the go difficult.Also, formula and breast milk stink.  It's sticky and messy and a pain if it gets all over you or anything.  So imagine all the above with that in mind.
B0018JWAF0 I used Dr. Brown's for my first child. No problems with colic or refulx, so why try anything different with my next one? I fully endorse using Dr. Brown's it works for me and my children. This was so much cheaper to go through Amazon than Target or Walmart. And my child is now 3 months old and everything is still going fine with using these bottles. You do have to wash more parts, but once you do it you get used to it. As long as my kid doesn't get colic, I'll pay anything :)
B0018JWAF0 I read a review of the glass Dr. Brown bottles that complained that the painted-on ounces markings wore off in the dishwasher, so I got two glass bottles and two of these BPA-free PP ones just to see. The big drawback is that the plastic ones hold in smells. I made the mistake of washing them once with Mrs. Meyer's dish soap, and they are basically ruined because they are now permanently honeysuckle scented, which is gross. Even just running them through the dishwasher with scent-free Method dishwasher tabs caused them to retain the scent of hot, washed food. It's really not something I would ever want to make my baby smell while drinking. Get the glass--you can hand wash them (it takes TWO minutes) if you're worried about losing the paint (which hasn't happened to me after 7 months) and they rinse clean, every time.
B0018JWAF0 We bought these bottles for our gassy baby. The design is amazing. It really helped reduced the amount of air she would take it while drinking. But now we've got a major problem. The bottles have been used for 3 months and now they are starting to leak REALLY bad. I guess the plastic has stretched a bit from being reheated or maybe the grooves have worn down a little bit? I have no idea why but every single one of the bottles leak now and it's not just a little drip here and there, it's a stream of formula that leaks from under the cap. After my daughter finishes drinking her bib is soaked. When we shake up up the formula it sprays everywhere. Not to mention the huge amount of formula that is leaking from the bottle is a huge waste of formula. I've contacted Dr. Browns to see if they have a fix for this problem because I don't want to have to buy all new bottles. Bottles are expensive and I'd hate to have to buy new ones when these are ONLY 3 months old!
B0018JWAF0 These are my favorite bottles for my little guy.  They hold enough liquid and they are easy to handle for both of us.  The only draw back is they do have a lot of pieces with six parts as compared to most bottles four.  We do notice less burping when using these as compared to others.We have noticed that with repeated washing these bottles don't hold ink very well so we have to put the names back on the bottles about once a week for the daycare.  Haven't had any issues with the pre-printed labels on the bottles though.Four stars just because of the extra parts to wash!
B0018JWAF0 I am grateful that my daughter did well with these bottles since she has acid reflux and the only reason I continued to use these bottles were for that reason. The amount of pieces that you have to clean is kind of annoying. I felt like I had to take extra time to clean the smaller pieces to make sure they were clean. Which we know with babies we don't have a lot of extra time.
B0018JWAF0 My baby hasn't been all too fussy, so if he will take a bottle with less parts to clean, I'm going for that one and so should you. You deserve the sleep and less dishes to wash, don't you think??Anyway, I was given great advice before baby was born, and that was to buy 3 different brand bottles before buying a bunch of one kind. You really won't know what baby will want until baby is here! We ended up settling for the Tommee Tippee bottles since there were only 3 parts. Hooray for Tommee Tippee!
B0018JWAF0 When my baby was born I was using first years bottles but my baby was very fussy and upset when he was feeding and wasn't putting on weight. My mum and I figured out it was the bottles. He didn't like the nipples on them. So we went out and bought one of each type of bottle we could find and Dr Brown's bottles were the one that he was most content to use. The bonus is they have helped keep him from getting gassy.I highly recommend these bottles. All the mum's I talk to use them and think they're great.
B0018JWAF0 After spending hundreds of dollars on bottles this is the only one she would use.  As long as you use all the parts in the right way it does not leak and I just wish I would of bought this at the beginning.
B0018JWAF0 These are my all time favorite bottles! They do take a little more time to clean, but they are well worth it! They help with air and are very helpful when it comes to colic. I haven't had any problems with my baby since I started her on these bottles. I would recommend these bottles if you're having a problem with fussiness I would give these a try!
B0018JWAF0 Last bottle we tried out of five to help my 3 month old daughter with her gas.  Its a great bottle and I don't mind all the parts to it.  After each use I disassemble the bottle and soak it in warm soapy water and then wash it all at night.Pros: 1) Clearly no bubbles that go into the formula.2 ) The bottle is also made of very good and heavy plastic and not as heavy as the glass.3) Great nipples (super soft) and no dribbles on the side of her mouth (virtually dry bib after feeding)4) Nipple fits my gerber/even flow bottles so when she passes her gassy phase I can use my gerber tops with this bottle. (Less to clean I suppose)5) Dr. Brown travel lid will fit all small neck bottles as well.Cons:1)  Ironically, its hard to fit the Dr. Brown brush into it because of its a smaller neck bottle.2) Formula is hard to get into it, especially in the early morning hrs.3) hard to find a dry rack for all the little parts (i used dishwasher baskets on a regular dish drying tray)For us it didn't stop the gas but I don't think that is the bottle's fault. So many factors go into a baby having gas (her premature stomach, diet/formula, bottles, etc.) I just really like this bottle after all that we tried. To be honest, I don't think a bottle alone is the miracle cure for gas, but as a parent I am sure you'd try anything if you thought it would help your little one feel better.
B0018JWAF0 I purchased both the plastic and glass 4 oz bottles.  They were fine during the first couple of weeks and then the leaks started.  First, the plastic bottles leaked so I called Dr. Brown's customer service and they gave me directions to prevent leakage which I followed but the LEAKS continued.  The glass bottles seemed okay but then they too started leaking!!!!!  I really regret buying these bottles.  Hopefully, the Avent bottles will work better.
B0018JWAF0 We loved these bottles. We heard other people complain that they're a production to assemble, but they're really not. There's 2 extra pieces that a regular bottle doesn't have, but it takes just seconds to assemble these. Our son had noticeably less gas when using these bottles. In fact, I rarely get him to burp at all with these bottles, because he simply doesn't take in much air.I would recommend getting an organizer for your dishwasher to hold all the pieces. We got some at Target that worked perfectly.
B0018JWAF0 These bottles are great; we can see the air bubbles move away from the nipple which makes for less fussy baby. You have to make sure you clean each part of the bottle well. It takes a little bit of time, but it's worth it since the baby spits up less. The cleaning brushes that the set comes with don't last very long, but I picked up OXO Tot Straw and Sippy Cup Top Cleaning Set at TJ Maxx which works extremely well. If you forget the vacuum reservoir inserts and try to feed the baby without it, it will leak. So make sure you pack it! The beige color inserts will wear out after a few months, but they're easily replaceable.We've tried the Avent bottles and Tommee Tippee Closer to Nature bottles, in addition to Dr. Brown's. Both of the nipples of Avent and Tommee Tippee tend to collapse when the baby is feeding; Dr. Brown's doesn't do that.
B0018JWAF0 We love these bottles. The extra pieces to wash aren't really a pain, we either just soak them in hot suds then rinse or put them in the munchkin dishwasher basket and run them in there.
B0018JWAF0 Gave up all our other brands after trying these.  Great bottle - reduced my son's burping considerably.  It is not a big deal to clean the parts every time.  Really not.  I'd say just get the 8oz.  They outgrow the smaller ones pretty quickly.  Great bottle.
B0018JWAF0 The polypropylene bottles better preserve the good aspects of breast milk. But these bottles leak sometimes (even when not filled above the line indicated) and they have extra parts to wash. My baby seems to move back & forth fairly easily from this nipple to the breast. I don't know if I will buy any more though as I don't notice that he prefers it over the Breastflow, don't notice he has less gas than with Breastflow, and that one doesn't leak.
B0018JWAF0 We wash our bottles in the dishwasher and use the Dr. Brown's baskets so I'm not really too concerned about the number of parts of the bottle. My main concern is the constant black mold that grows on the rubber inserts. Once it starts you have to throw them away and buy new inserts. Washing the inserts with water helps, and soaking with vinegar may also be a help.The only other thing I should mention about the bottles is they will leak if turned on their side...we learned this the hard way in the car. Now when we travel we only use the travel caps and then assemble the bottle when we are ready to feed. Its more work to carry it all separate but it saves a mess.
B0018JWAF0 We started out with Ameda bottles (came with the breast pump), then tried Avent and then Dr. Brown's.  Daughter is now 4-months old and we're still using them.  Be forewarned that these have more parts than a traditional bottle, but just get yourself a good skinny/long brush and you'll be fine.
B0018JWAF0 My 10-month-old son has had reflux since birth. We switched to these bottles from Avent at about six weeks, and along with a formula change we kept the reflux under control without medication until just recently.  These bottles are a bit tedious to clean by hand, but we started throwing them into the dishwasher and it works like a charm.  We have both the glass and these polypro bottles and both are good.  Daycare prefers the plastic because my son can hold them easier by himself and they can take them outside to play without worrying about breaking them on the cement.  The plastic do seem to have a very slightly bigger opening, which makes it just a tad bit easier to insert a formula scoop without powder going everywhere.  (That was one thing that Avent had going for it, the wide opening.)  The only time I have EVER had any one of my Dr. Brown's bottles leak is when we don't have them assembled properly or the collar was not screwed on tight enough.Before I bought these I read several reviews that mentioned mold on the brown plastic parts.  9 months of dishwasher abuse and still no mold to speak of, only slight discoloration.  The nipples still look like new as well.I have b
B0018JWAF0 When my daughter was born I used bottles that went with my breast pump and she swallowed so much air you could just hear it being swallowed--so I bought new bottles--Avent.  I think I bought every kind of Avent they sell.  The same gas problems, spitting up, and crying I got to feel bad about. thought maybe it was the nipple, maybe it was the way I was holding her, maybe I waited for her to get too hungry, etc.  I even found myself having to pull the bottle out of her mouth every 10 seconds to let the nipple open back up because she sucked it shut.Finally and luckily, I bought these bottles at Target and I could see a different immediately!  Sometimes she doesn't even burp after eating an ounce or two and she is definitely not sucking in air.  The bottle has a blue straw in it that actually prevents air from entering.  Even if you hold the bottle at a weird angle it won't do it!  The bottles are cheaper on Amazon so I'm buying 3 more so I don't have to keep washing bottles multiple times a day.  : )
B0018JWAF0 I love the Dr Brown brand. The bottles are awesome. My only problem with them is that they leak sometimes. But other than that, it did as it said it was. My daughter did not have a lot of gas and she loves drinking from them. And replacing the nipples for stages is not expensive either! You get 3 bottles and you can get 3 nipples for 2.99-4.99 depending on the vendor. I love it.
B0018JWAF0 I love these SO MUCH I've bought three packs.  They are the only bottles we use since my daughter has some major gas issues. :/  They have definitely made a world of difference, especially used along with the mixing pitcher.
B0018JWAF0 We used Dr. Brown's because everyone else was using them. My advice for anyone who's buying baby bottles is to stick to one type or brand. The caps and nipples would very easily get confused in the wash. We had issues with the paint chipping off on these after about 2 months (I boil the bottles after each use) and the plastic was getting a bit yellowish. I emailed Handi-Craft (they own Dr. Brown's) and they actually told me that it's okay because the paint is not toxic (still I am a bit worried... it gets on the nipples and the blue tube) But the nice thing is that they actually send me some replacement bottles! Now that my baby is a bit older, I stop boiling the baby bottles and just wash them in hot water and soap. I recently switched over to the glass bottles. I like those much better but glass can get very hot when you boil them! The only thing I really don't like about these bottles are the fact it's so much harder to wash them! You really have to clean the tubes with that little brush... Overall, this is a great bottle and very well made. They now sell them in Pink and Blue...
B0018JWAF0 These are hands down the best bottles we've ever owned. They're great for a number of reasons:1) The design prevents the baby from taking in extra air, cutting down on gas and burping, which in turn cut down on spit-ups.2) Completely BPA free3) Well made, high quality plastic. They're firm but not inflexible, shatter proof, and easy to hold.4) Great heat transfer for heating up cold bottles (we heat them using hot water and a glass that is a bit wider in circumference than the bottle. Just pour in about half a glass of hot water, put in the bottle, let it sit for a minute or two and you're ready to go. No mess, and if you want the bottle a bit warmer, just repeat with a bit more hot water).5) Exchangeable nipples--you can keep the bottle but swap out the nipple as your baby growsA few thoughts:Those complaining that they are made from too many parts are missing the point: the bottles have the additional parts to cut down on unwanted air intake as your baby drinks their milk. That means that your baby has fewer spit ups. I'll happily wash a few more bottle parts to save having to wash the baby, the floor, or myself (wherever his spit-ups land). It's a time saver in the long run. Bottles are easily washed. Babies and clothing not so much.To those who have experienced leaks: It's likely that either you have not installed the rubber stopper correctly, or that you have a defective stopper. In the first instance, check to make sure your stopper is lined up and inserted according to the instructions. If you're still having leaks, send the bottle(s) back and get replacements. Amazon will happily send you a new one, and if it's outside their window, contact Dr. Brown directly.Conclusions:These are a must buy if you want high quality plastic bottles. We've been more than happy with them.
B0018JWAF0 These bottles were recommended by our Daughter's speech therapist and dietitian to help eliminate some gas and reflux.  They work pretty good for that purpose but they are a pain to clean (they are 6 parts each) and do NOT tip them over!  They leak like crazy.  If we take them anywhere with we have to be constantly making sure the bottle bag is upright at all times or else we have a wet, sticky mess.If they didn't leak I would give them 4 stars (still a pain to clean).
B0018JWAF0 My daughter and I did extensive research  on what type bottle to use for her new baby - especially as she was nursing and needed to get baby on bottle (pumped breastmilk) before heading back to work.  These bottles have worked perfectly.  She tried the bottles and nipples that came with her Medela Breast Pump but they allowed baby to drink too fast and she had some choking issues.  We did more research and then decided to try the Dr. Brown's 4 oz. bottles first (as she was not eating too much at the time).  The nipples that came with that system were Level 1 and she also seemed to eat too fast, even though less choking.  We read a review here at Amazon.com mentioning the Preemie nipples, so we bought and began using those.  Worked perfectly.  Baby had to eat slower, more sucking needed, seemed more like breastfeeding.We have now upgraded to the 8 oz. bottles as &#34;our&#34; 4 monther + 15 pounder, is doing fantastic and needs more at her feedings than the 4 ounce bottles allow (don't have to refill during feeding).  BTW I babysit her every day while daughter at work so I have first hand experience with these bottles.We do burp her after 4 ounces and try to get a 10 minute break between the first and 2nd 4 ounces (total 8 ounce per feeding) and this works well - most of the time!  Have kept the preemie nipple as she still breastfeeds when mamma not at work.No gas, no colic, no choking.Hope this helps and they work out for your baby too.
B0018JWAF0 These bottles are great. Take a little time to clean. But we've been using them daily for 5 months and they have held up great and baby has had minimal gas/discomfort. Little brush that is enclosed is essential for cleaning smaller parts of these bottles.
B0018JWAF0 These bottles definitely help to reduce colic. The thing I love the most about them is the fact they are BPA free.  It is nice to know you aren't putting unnecessary chemicals in your baby's body.These bottles are great because my son had such bad colic he was screaming when he would eat. The vent system in these bottles virtual eliminates any air from getting to your baby's tummy. The only downfall to these bottles is they are a little more labor intensive to wash and put together. You have one or two more pieces to put together over regular bottles. However, if your baby has any amount of colic it is definitely worth the extra few minutes of assembly for their tummy's sake.One thing to note is at one point they began making these bottles with the ounce markers marked as raised, clear numbers. This made is EXTREMELY difficult to see how full you were filling up the bottle. However, I have since bought some and the markers on them are blue, making it much easier to read the ounces you are making. It is not that big of a deal unless you're doing a 2:30 am feeding and trying to fill the bottle up without being able to see the markings.Overall, these are the best bottles on the market. They truly do help eliminate colic and keep your baby safe and out of harmful chemicals way like BPA.
B0018JWAF0 I love these bottles which is why I'm not giving them a horrendous review. But, this style for whatever reason leaks! I bought the wide-neck ones first and definitely noticed a difference in gas with my little man. So, when I saw they had thinner ones I bought 2 packs. This style's vent system doesn't click in to the bottle like the wide-neck, therefor causing leakage whenever tilted or on it's side. I can't tell you how many times I have found a soaking wet diaper bag and no water to make a bottle for my little guy. I emailed them and am awaiting a response. GO WIDE-NECK, until they fix the problem.
B0018JWAF0 this also was recommended at the hospital while she was at NICU (4oz bottle though). we liked this brand very much, needless to say my daughter. the only problem is it is a bit more expensive compared to other bottles in the market. however after i tried other bottles she had difficulty swalloing and got tired...had little milk...so we bought this. surprizingly, now she takes more than 4oz per time, thank you.
B0018JWAF0 Yes, easy to use and clean. I know it has several parts but if you wash it right after the baby finished her bottle, you simply can rinse it in a warm/hot water and it's clean! If you don't wash it right away it's ok, use some warm/hot water, soap (I buy Planet or other mild soaps) and there are 3 holes in the vent part, brush them with a small brush 1-2 times.. is really easy especially after you do it a couple of times.The bottle is pretty thick but light. It seems strong and durable.Baby drinks with no interrupts. I like the natural flow feature of this bottle. If you use just nipple and bottle of other brand with no vent, it creates vacuum and your baby often stops many many times. I did not like that as she got tired faster and never finished her bottle and had to snack more often...The nipple is soft and it is standard. I like that it is soft breast like (so many other nipple seem so thick). We talked to 3 lactation consultants and they recommended Playtex Drop Ins (wide neck bottles) or in our case, our baby would only drink from Standard nipple/bottle, they always recommended Dr. Browns. So if these are the only 2 bottles I will buy for my children.I tried every bottle and nipple out there except Avent and Born Free (our lactation consultants really did not recommend them); mixed different bottles with nipples, inserted vent from Dr. Browns into different bottle when they didn't have the safe bottles yet and I was very happy to see these new Dr. browns bottles that are safe for my child.And one more thing. When we used OTHER bottles they were somewhat hard to wash. Bottles inside would be sticky and we had to brush them for a long time and rinse really well before they felt clean. I never had this problem with Dr. Browns bottles.
B0018JWAF0 We used these bottles for both of our kids, after a friend recommended them. We don't get these bottles easily in India. So we buy them from Amazon all the time. One thing is for sure: none of our kids ever had colic trouble.  I understand many kids would probably never have that trouble and I don't know we our kids are amongst those lucky ones. So its hard to tell if these bottles are doing the trick or not. I would also recommend buying the wide neck bottles because they are easier to clean and also easier to operate.
B0018JWAF0 We had previously been trying Breastflow bottles and my daughter simply hated them. In a moment of desperation we ordered Dr Brown's and they are SO much easier! The nipple is small and more comfortable for her to use; there is a special tube insert that helps with burping, and I found that incredibly helpful. It comes with a small pipe cleaner to clean the inner tube, but I'd recommend getting a larger brush for the bottle itself. All in all, a life saver!!!
B0018JWAF0 Other reviewers have said that these bottles are hard to clean. I do not think they are not hard to clean; they just require a few extra steps because they have a few extra parts.Besides, Dr. Brown's bottles are the only ones our infant has taken to... and we tried lots of different bottles.
B0018JWAF0 I bought these bottles because I heard great reviews. They are ok bottles, I wouldn't say the best. There are multiple pieces and are a pain to clean. The bottles did not reduce spit up at all, they actually made my child spit up more.  For the cost and the hassle I don't think that I would recommend this bottle to any friends. I would recommend others like the Vent-Aire instead.
B0018JWAF0 very high quality and you won't be sorry.  Just know that at least one baby out there (ours) didn't really need these since she seemed not to every suck a lot of gas.
B0018JWAF0 Hear are the only bottles we use in our house. When our baby was having some trouble using the bottle (I breastfeed and she just wasn't that into bottles) she took this one best. I think it's because there's no vacuum effect when she sucks on it. It also gives her less gas than the other more traditional bottle we were using. Highly recommend.
B0018JWAF0 These truly are the best bottles. Whatever the special method is, I don't know, but it works to reduce airflow and the baby will be happier. All the fuss about the extra parts (in other reviews) is just silly. If you have a dishwasher and one of those baskets for baby bottle parts, you won't even notice or care about the extra parts.
B0018JWAF0 My son was incredibly colicky and gassy as a newborn and we tried many different bottle types - Dr. Brown, First Years Breast Flow, and Tommee Tippee, to name a few. The Dr. Brown's came highly recommended by friends and doctor's but did nothing to help our little guy and actually made him gassier. Not only did these not really do as they said, but they are also a pain to clean and put back together. These bottles have so many parts that they are more of a hassle then they are worth. Overall, a waste of money for us and not a bottle I would recommend. We discovered the Tommee Tippee's and will stay with them for the duration!
B0018JWAF0 Love these bottles.  My son has not had any gas problems using these.  The price on Amazon is by far the best price around.  Very sturdy design.  Yes, downside is that they consist of 5 parts per bottle, but don't let that intimidate you.  Very easy and intutitive to put together.  Love these.
B0018JWAF0 We have only used Dr. Brown's bottles since baby was born- both for expressed milk and formula.We love the vent system and our baby was never uncomfortable from gas and doesn't spit up a lot. The bottles do leak sometimes but I figured out that that happened when the blue insert was filled with fluid.We use the dishwasher cage to wash all the parts and heated the bottles in warm water when needed.
B0018JWAF0 I had to stop nursing at around 2 months and we've tried the Avent Natural, the Gerber First Essentials, and the Dr. Brown's. Our munchkin is SUPER gassy and has stomach distress on a regular basis. Our experience with...... Dr. Brown's bottles: Great! Seems to be the least gassy/painful option for him - he does as well after drinking from these as he did when nursing directly from me. We have both standard and wide neck bottles, I really prefer the wide neck. The opening of the standard bottles is smaller and I tend to spill some of the very expensive formula powder when I'm sleepily trying to make bottles in the night.... Avent Natural bottles: Love the wide mouth, very easy to clean. Baby was very gassy after drinking from these and also spilled a lot while drinking. He would suck very noisily (the sounds that indicate a poor latch in nursing) and would somehow spit milk from the sides of his mouth while drinking.... Gerber First Essentials: I like the caps on these but the openings are small making them hard to fill. These bottles fit my Medela pump while I was still nursing. Baby was very gassy after drinking from these and would spit up quite a bit (sometimes it seemed like the whole meal!)
B0018JWAF0 You must never pass the max fill line or they leak. You must never shake the bottle or tilt it up and down too much or they leak. You must never tilt it less than 30-45 degrees so that the blue vent pipe submerges, or they leak.At the times they don't leak, it is a great bottle. We almost never had the need to burp our baby. They're lightweight as well.
B0018JWAF0 There are so many bottles to choose from, it is hard to know what your baby will like. I went with these per a recommendation from a friend and I'm glad that I did. My baby loved these bottles and the air system helped reduce the gas associated with bottles. Great bottles!
B0018JWAF0 I haven't used any other bottles so I don't have anything to compare these to. I originally bought the variety starter and then as my baby grew past 3 months, I had to buy more of these 8oz ones. Because there are so many parts to clean, I wash a whole batch at a time. Yes, they are a pain to clean! There are so many little nooks that sometimes I miss a spot and that part starts to grow mold so I end up having to buy replacement parts, which are not cheap. Other than that, these have worked out for my baby since birth. She was colicky for 5 months of her life. I'm not sure if these bottles helped or not but I have no complaints.
B0018JWAF0 We were using Tommy Tippee bottles when my daughter was first born and almost immediately she was throwing up entire bottles. My doctor actually suggested us moving over to the Dr. Brown's bottles and wouldn't ya know it! The throwing up stopped instantly.Washing them are a problem because there are 2 other mechanicals besides the bottles that you have to wash and in order to get them adequately clean, you should really do this by hand. No big deal, but I spend 20 extra minutes a day washing all the components of these bottles by hand (even though they are dish washer safe).Now for the Biggest problem of all with these bottles - they leak and sometimes for no reason at all.  This morning I put the bottle on the nightstand and it was about half full, had not been tipped over and not bothered at all, the next time I picked it up to give it to my 11 month old she got doused with milk. This happens on an almost daily basis and every day it infuriates me and I yell \"I HATE THESE BOTTLES!!!\".I really have tried different bottles with her like Avent to keep the colic and throwing up down, but for some reason these leaky, messy, pain in the ^@(#&)@)# bottles seem to be the only ones that keep her from throwing up. So with that, I am willing to put up with this long enough that her little tummy doesn't hurt and move into sippy cups as soon as she gets the hang of them.I HATE THESE BOTTLES!! ARRRRGGGGGG!
B0018JWAF0 These bottles do what they say....less gas for baby! We use these bottles to help supplement our big boy. It helped that Dr Browns has a preemie nipple which is extremely slow flow so our little boy did not get to used to the fast flow at first and get nipple confusion.Take note: People complain about them leaking....you need to read the directions before warming the milk. The top has to be slightly loose due to the venting system or milk will back up into the vents and leak out when feeding. Without these vents the bottle is useless. We have only had leaking problems when we didn't loosen the top before warming or didn't tighten the top enough after.Also, we have tried the drop ins and avent and realize this is more to clean but after a while you get used to the extra 2 bottle parts and for baby it is worth it.
B0018JWAF0 I bought one of the plastic bottles and 6 of the glass bottles. Within a month with normal use 3 of the glass bottle had broken. So I do recommend sticking to the plastic version. That aside I must mention that I contacted the Handi Craft customer service via online form and within 1 business day I had a reply offering to replace the broken glass bottles with plastic ones (which is what I would have wanted given the tendency to breakage) and pay for postage to return the broken ones for quality control. I am totally impressed with this as well as the functionality of the venting system. My son has acid reflux issues and these bottles are great. I'm pretty sure (don't ask me how) that he actually consumes less air with these bottles than breast feeding. Love them and Love the company.
B0018JWAF0 Finding the right bottle is an exercise in trial and error. Even if the marketing material on the back of a box sounds great, it doesn't make a difference if your baby won't take it. I can't tell you why my baby loves Dr. Brown's, but I can tell you we've had the best luck with them.These bottles feature a silicone, free-flowing nipple, that provides a steady stream of milk. So if your baby likes to latch on without coming up for air, this is the bottle for you. Aside from the bottle, nipple, and collar, there are a few parts on the inside worth mentioning, a straw-like tube, and a plastic diverter. Both of those parts have small openings, so if you want to give them a thorough hand cleaning, you'll probably want to invest in a couple bottle brushes as well.I am a little wary about the overuse of plastic in children's products. But at the end of the day, a baby's gotta eat. And these Dr. Brown's bottles do the best job getting the milk where it needs to go.
B0018JWAF0 my niece and nephews have used the same bottles, so i was advised by my sister to pick it up, and I got a great deal from Amazon.My son got hooked on to it, very easily and no issues. One word - go for it.
B0018JWAF0 My daughter was born without an issue to latch or to feed. When I went back to work we chose the Platex natural care bottle because the shape was easier to feed. Bad idea, they leaked, dribbled, caused gas. Oh I had one angry babe!My friend whose baby had a hard time after birth was given Dr. Brown's in the ICU. She recommended them. I work in a hospital (CCU RN) and went down to the L&D.Yes;, they carry Dr. Brown's and yes they recommened them for any baby. The internal vent system takes extra steps to clean, yes extra time at the sink, but the benefits outweight the issues of cleaning. Voted American baby best 2012. I bought bottles for all the grandmas and extras for us. I have the traditional 8oz bottle, a little large and not the best ergonomics, however there is a larger wide neck that some babies prefer that mimicks the Tommy Tippie style.End point, my daughter was on baby Zantac for reflux. After changing bottles, her symptoms improved and we were able to stop her medicine. I would not choose any other bottle and would recommend.
B000N5WPQY We have had this tiler for a few years now and since we were moving, just stored it until we were moved.  So, moving aside, we drug this thing out and guess what? It worked for a little bit then quit.  It wouldn't restart, and then the motor started smoking!  What a ridiculous machine!  SO wish I would have saved the money on this thing and bought the other tiller that's the Number 1 seller on amazon.  This thing is a total piece of junk!  And, I'm now out the $330 I paid for it.  Brother!
B000N5WPQY Yes, I use my Mantis tiller every day to loosen up my horse stalls.  Not typical use for a device like this, but it works fantastic.My horse stalls have a sand base, and running the tiller over them every day keeps the sand loose and the stalls fresh. I've been using this tiller in my stalls for several months now, and it's running like a champ. It gets the job done done quickly and better than I could do with a rake.
B000NCTGQE I bought this greenhouse to over-winter some not cold-hardy plants on my screened porch. It was easy to set up, although I managed to get the side supports upside down, once that was corrected, the finished product looked very nice. The shelves are rather flimsy but hold my plants with no problem. Even though the weather has only been cold enough lately to use the greenhouse a couple of nights, when I took the ferns out during the day I noticed how nice and warm it was inside. For my purpose the greenhouse works very well, the cover is fairly heavy, it fits good, the tubing feels strong and the pieces all fit together. I'm very happy with the greenhouse.
B000NCTGQE I use 2 of these with row cover cloth over them to shade my heat sensitive plants in the summer.  It's much more sturdy than I was led to believe by some of the other reviews.  We have pretty strong winds around here, and it doesn't phase it.  Granted I don't use the plastic covering.
B000NCTGQE My husband put this shelving unit together in 20 minutes.  He added tie-ons around each tier shelf to keep them from moving around too much.  It's a handsome little thing but I can tell just by looking at it that it is not designed for long-term outdoor use.  Those reviewers who complain that it gets blown away in the wind are not using this for its intended use.  The intended use is as an indoor growing medium with supplemental light.  A heated garage, a sheltered patio or balcony or a sunny spot in a large kitchen would be ideal for this greenhouse and users could get many years of use from this thing.The connecting parts are plastic and when empty this greenhouse does not weight much (thus its \"portability\").  The lower end is open to air, so true humidity would be difficult to replicate.The \"plastic smell\" goes away when left out to ventilate a few days after set-up.I am happy with this little device.  Here in Arizona this covered shelving unit works to keep dust from getting on my garden tools in the off season.  In the dry, windy springs here, though, this thing wouldn't stand a chance of lasting long outdoors in the direct sun.
B000NCTGQE Although the construction of this \"greenhouse\" is somewhat flimsy, with 1/2\" metal tubular supports and wire shelves, it works well as a temporary shelter/space for plants, as long as you don't expect to keep plants warm during frosty nights.  I use mine indoors during the end of winter for starting seeds, then move it outside as the weather gets better.This shelving unit comes with a plastic tent with a zippered door that fits over the frame; the door can be rolled up to cool the interior or to access the plants.  Because the tent is relatively thin plastic (think suit-bag on steroids) and not glass, it heats up in the sunlight but immediately loses its heat as the sun sets, unlike greenhouses that are flush to the ground and have thicker glass/plastic walls to retain the heat longer.  If you still have temperatures in the thirties or forties at night and expect to grow warm weather plants like tomatoes outside, use plant heating pads or keep the unit inside until you can be sure that the cold nights won't stunt the plants.  If you do get an unexpected light frost, however, the plastic works like a row cover, keeping frost from the leaves.  If using outside, place it in a protected spot or anchor it in some fashion -- preferably both.  Even loaded with plants, the unit can blow over, especially with the tent in place since it can act like a sail.With the plastic in place, the top shelf is difficult to access, particularly toward the back because rolled-up the tent door and overhang get in the way.  The other three shelves (12-13\" between each) have plenty of clearance, and all four have room for 2-3 large seed trays.  Grow lights (not included) can be attached without much effort, provided, of course, that they are the right size.  The wire shelves are not attached to the frame - they sit on top of the cross-supports - but will stay in place during light winds as long as plants are on them.As long as you don't expect heavy-duty construction and heat retainment for cold nights, this shelving unit should serve well for seed starting or even for a display of small plants.  I don't find it attractive enough for a permanent plant stand for inside the house, but luckily it's lightweight enough to easily move around and store.  I find this perfect for starting my garden indoors and then using it to harden off my plants.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
B000NCTGQE You probably need to make a few adjustments.  Firstly, the wire shelving does not snap into place so sliding a tray on the wire shelf would cause the entire shelf to fall off the railing.  I used locking ties to affix the shelves to the rail apparatus to prevent the shelves from sliding off. Also,  I would prefer the zipper to go both from top and bottom rather than just he bottom. If you have to water on the top shelf, you have to unzip the entire thing.  But good anyway.
B000NCTGQE We purchased two of these. We were excited to get them quickly and we put them together with no problems. We knew they weren't going to be the highest quality, but we thought they would do the job. We put a total of 6 small plants (herbs and vegetable seedlings) split between the 2 greenhouses. We also put things like our small shovel, empty watering can, and bag of soil on the bottom shelves. There is no recommended maximum weight listed on the product listing, the box, or the directions. We figured we should be okay since we had much less than what is pictured on the box and also on the product listing here.Not even 24 hours after setting these up both crashed to the ground. Pots broke, plants were tossed upside down, and everything was a mess. It was difficult to get everything out safely since the plastic was zipped up and the opening was facing the ground. Once we got everything out, we noticed the plastic supports on both of our greenhouses broke. They could not hold the weight. That is unfortunate considering there wasn't that much sitting in the greenhouse to begin with.We will definitely be returning both of these.I wouldn't bother wasting your money on this. We've decided to spend a little more and get a heavy duty rack like this one:Seville Classics SHE18487 18-Inch by 48-Inch by 72-Inch Shelving System with Wheels, Chromeand then wrap heavy duty plastic around the back and sides. For the front, we are going to attach a second piece of plastic with velcro so it is removable. Same effect, but at least we can be certain it won't come crashing down.--In case this review doesn't scare you away and you are still curious about the dimensions between the shelves:-There is 12.5\" between each shelf.-The top shelf has 20.5\" of space at it's highest point.If you are having trouble keeping the wire shelves flat across the supports, you can bend them slightly downward so they fit better. This stopped ours from moving around so much....well before they came crashing down. :/
B000NCTGQE I used this greenhouse this spring.  We had a long wet/ cold spring this year.  I was happy to have somewhere for my seedlings but there are several things I do not like about this product and I do not plan to buy another.Pros -*Works well to protect seedlings from wind and excess rain if monitored*Easy to assemble*Inexpensive*Nice lookingCons -*Forget using the wheels unless your surface is smooth.  My older deck was too rough and the tiny wheels kept getting stuck*Easy assembly yes, but also easy disassembly.  Every time you move the thing it falls apart no matter how well you think you have forced the pieces together.  I also had to use some electrical tape to tape the shelves in place as they just sit on the rails and will fall off, damaging plants below.*With no vents it can go from warm to plant killing heat in just a few minutes if the sun comes out unexpectedly.  I used a wireless thermometer to monitor it constantly.  I finally cut a 6 x 8\" vent on either side of the top where the heat built up the most.  I left the flaps hanging and tucked them up when it was warm.*If it is really cold the plants have to be brought into the house.  This unit is so small and the plastic doesn't go all the way to the ground there is no way it will actually hold heat overnight, something owners of even larger 'real' greenhouses struggle to do.In summary - I previously had an 8 x 10 actual greenhouse but have recently moved and needed something cheap and quick.  This fit the bill. After using it for 3 months the plastic around the zippers is starting to come loose.  I monitored it continuesly as to the temperature, opening and closing the front flap and my home made vents as needed.  Everytime I left the house for an extended period I had to decide if I wanted to just put the plants out on the table and risk cold damage or leave them in the greenhouse and risk heat damage.  This is a useful item but is very time consuming to make the best use of.  The quality is ok.  Originally I was planning to break it down for easy storage in the summer but now I think I will permenently glue the joints and store it fully assembled so it isn't falling apart on me.  Either way in one more season I am sure it will be shot and then I plan to purchase another 'real' greenhouse or use high tunnels.
B000NCTGQE I don't know what the negative posters are talking about.  It took me 5 minutes to assemble this greenhouse and place it on my pool patio.  I've started two generations of seeds in this greenhouse without any problems.  The shelving is metal, the frame is heavy duty plastic with metal parts, and the cover fits perfectly.  It is a very lightweight unit so I wouldn't recommend putting it in an area where you'd be encountering wind gusts since it might tip over.  However, that's just common sense, or so I thought until I read the reviews here.Good product, decent prices, easy assembly, 5 stars.... and I just purchased another right before leaving this review.
B000NCTGQE There's frost danger in our mountains until mid-May. We're at 5,500 feet, and it gets hot in summer (up to 100F), but the growing season isn't that long. If you want tomatoes and more that will finish producing before the temp. plunges below freezing again, you either pay for plants a couple of feet tall - or you grow your own from seed.We've begun to grow both veggies and flowers from seed, and we've set up a \"sprouting station\" with a heated warming pad under a fluorescent grown light (I've reviewed them separately). We use Jiffy trays of 72 peat pellets each, that come with their own tray and see-through plastic top. But what would we do would we do with those flats of pretty green heads once up?The answer was this greenhouse. We set it up indoors, in front of the fixed section of a sliding glass door. Some daylight gets to it, but it needed more light, so I rigged it with 2ft. fluorescent \"under-counter\" lights, purchased elsewhere. That doubled the cost, but it made the unit self sufficient.Overall, the shelving unit is a little lightweight - but then again, it had to be designed to ship in a box for a reasonable cost. Once here, it was easy to figure out and put together - took maybe twenty minutes tops. The greenhouse is 2'3\" wide by 1'7\" deep. It's just over 5' high. That sounds pretty small, but in fact, it holds a lot. We've got basil, parsley, cilantro and more growing, and the greenhouse holds eight herb-size pots to a shelf. Or you can (just) fit two Jiffy 72-pellet trays on one shelf.The shelves themselves are wire mesh, and not fixed down, so I used plastic zip-ties to hold them in place.The clear plastic cover is pretty easy to slip over the unit, and the 2 x zippers are decent quality.I held back 1 star for these reasons: while most of the structure is metal rods, the end pieces are molded plastic. With our herb pots on the shelves, they bow a little in the middle. I'll probably end up cutting dowel to shore up each shelf. The manufacturer should think about beefing up those end pieces.Also, some worker half way around the world must have had a bad day while sewing our slip-over plastic cover - the seam on the front is crooked. Not bad enough for us to return it, but that's what we see every time we look at it. The clear plastic (or vinyl?) cover itself could have also been a heavier material.Those are quibbles. Overall, this greenhouse priced under $50 is one of the most reasonable out there. It is what it claims to be - a cute, tight unit.Recommended.
B000NCTGQE I bought this thinking it would be kind of cool to grow some smaller plants and flowers on but was disappointed... Though it it was easy to assemble.For outside use-  Without a sturdy background AND screwing it in for support this greenhouse design will fall over with even the smallest gusts of wind destroying all your plants... yes it happened to me, but i was able to salvage and retransfer a few of my starts.-During the summer months if you keep the flap closed the plants will not get nearly enough oxygen and die.  Also, in summer even with flap open I recorded heat in excess of 110degF causing serious wilting.For inside use-  Pretty much can only be used as a display for small flowers or to start plants in a tray (seed dome only fits in top tier) but kind of looks like crap with any kind furniture you might put in a room.All in all- Not a good buy unless you want a slightly hideous plant display or just want to look like you grow plants in a &#34;greenhouse&#34;.
B000NCUW1M I've used this stuff for years.  You have to be patient with it, as unnerving as it can be to watch the little critters march across your floors/counters.  How long it takes all depends on the size of the colony I assume.  The problem at my previous residence took almost 2 weeks to clear up (They seriously slowed down after the first few days).  The ants at my current one took &#60;3 days.  I don't use the &#34;spots&#34; they provide.  I use a larger piece of cardboard and put individual drops all over it.  You want the most &#34;edge&#34; area for the ants to feed from, so one big pool doesn't work.  Check your spots often to make sure they don't eat it all and wander off to find alternate food...make sure you keep it like a buffet, always full!  Although you don't want anyone to ingest it, as far as poisons go....I feel fairly comfortable having it around.
B000NCUW1M Every few years we get invaded on our hill top by tiny ants. All the neighbors tried different things and it didn't stop it. Then one got terro several years ago and bam. So we all now use it. This year, lots of rain and sure enough, they are back. Used it for a week and no more ants. I have even used in my car when they invade the car. I put it in tiny plastic lids instead of on the tear off paper (not such a good idea but product so great, won't remove a star.. just save flatter type lids).
B000NCUW1M Been using this for years and it is great stuff. Only issue is it dries up in a couple of days so you need to refresh the area.
B000NCUW1M Here we are in the middle of a major drought in Indiana and the only thing that is multiplying is the ants!  They are just thriving in the heat and they are everywhere.  If I set out food for the other animals the ants are all over it in minutes and they devour everything.  This product is a sure thing, it doesn't kill the ants in your home, it kills the nest and it is gone.I was unfamiliar with this product a few years ago and now I use it every year.  We found a few ants in our kitchen and they were so small that they were crawling under the door seal.  I got some Terro liquid and put a small drop on a few pieces of thin cardboard and placed them in the path of the incoming ants.  They immediately found it and within a few minutes hundreds of them were enjoying the bait.  They eat their fill and then take some back to share with the colony.  They even share it with the Queen (Which is really your target) and within a few days to a few weeks the colony is gone (Depending on its size).  The ants that eat it die within 24 to 48 hours and they are sharing it with other ants.  Don't disturb the bait and only replenish it if it becomes hard or they have consumed it all.  Just add a few drops and in hot weather, do this in the morning and at night.  The ants that find the bait leave an odor trail and this leads the other ants to the bait so don't move the bait.Terro also makes liquid ant bait traps that are prefilled and ready to use.  They feed the ants but protect the bait from the elements and it prevents the bait from drying out.  Leave the Terro in place for 3 or 4 days so you don't see any more ants and then you can dispose of it.  Terro is safe to use around pets and children and its active ingredient is Borax which is already used in many household products.This product works and it does its job quickly and safely.  It works both inside and outside and within 4 days you should begin to see the difference.  I believe in this product and I strongly recommend it to you!
B000NCUW1M I'm so happy they just sell the liquid.  Their ant killer is the best but I had switched to Combat's gel (in the syringe-looking thing) because the little bait stations Terro usually has available are dumb.  Ants NEVER go in them.  I have always just dumped the liquid out of them and threw out the plastic station.  Now I don't have to bother with that and I can put this anywhere!  I will say that this is a liquid and will run if you use it vertically.  The Combat gel can go on a wall without issue.
B000NCUW1M This is the most amazing product that I have used.  I put in it two areas where I either knew or suspected that there were ants inside my house.  Within 15-20 minutes, there were hundreds of them in a feeding frenzy.  The secret is to resist the temptation to spray them, since they eventually head back to the nest where apparently they infect others and where they all die.  So far, it has taken a little less than 3 days for the hundreds to drop down to a handful. Some didn't make it back to the nest. This is clearly a very effective product. You can get it for $2 and change at your local hardware store.
B000NCUW1M Living in New Mexico, we have lots of ants. We have used Terro for years now. We use it where ants are active and always put it on the floor. Don't put it on your counters. Perhaps we have many ants because last year we went through FOUR bottles of Terro and still had ants. It at least keeps them busy and in one place. They are very attracted to this formula. Whether or not it has been taken back to the nest and killed off any colonies, I don't know. I found that the traps sometimes will dry up before the ants can empty them, so I prefer the bottled liquid so it can be doled out as needed.
B000NCUW1M When I see ants swarming in the house, my natural reaction is to spray them with a diluted soap solution, which kills them almost immediately.Using a product like Terro Liquid Ant Killer, requires suppressing my \"kill immediately\" mindset and taking a long term approach.  The very best case scenario is that the foraging worker ants will consume the ant killer, and take it back to the colony, where it is consumed by the Queen ant.  When she dies, the colony will become crippled and die out.It sounds great in theory, and every species of ant I have encountered seems to love drinking this liquid.  It's very cool watching the ants maniacally feed, but how likely is it really that the poisonous solution will find its way back to her royal highness?  Probably, very, very, low.Many ant colonies are quite intensive, span large areas, can contain millions of ants, and some even have several queens.  Believing that the few ants consuming the poison, will fortuitously also feed and kill the Queen, is quite a long shot.  Logically the more ants that drink the poison, the greater the odds of success.  So infecting as many ants as possible makes sense, however that is a little challenging when the product is being sold in one or two ounce bottles, and administered by the drop.  It just doesn't seem very efficient, or provide the necessary coverage to poison enough ants.I live in a temperate part of the country, and have four or five different species of ants constantly battling for territory in my yard.  They are basically everywhere there is soil.  Having used this product and similar liquid ant baits, many, many times, I have yet to see it successfully wipe out a colony.The ingredients listed on the label are \"Sodium Tetraborate Decahydrate (Borax) 5.4%\", and \"Other Ingredients: 94.6%\".  Assuming the costs are nominal for these ingredients, the percentage of profit on a product like this must be astronomical.  If liquid ant killer was sold by the pint instead of by the ounce, at a price closer to actual costs, with a more efficient system of distributing the poison (traps or other dispensers), I suspect the product would have a much higher rate of success.  But of course, that would be financial suicide for Terro, who make no promises regarding success.  Consider this, at the retail cost of $6.50 for two ounces, Terro Ant Killer costs about $416 per gallon (128 ounces).  At the price for the one ounce bottle ($4.27), a gallon costs $544.  This stuff is not cheap!I use the product occasionally, with the hope that maybe just once I will get lucky and wipe out a colony.  Seeing the ants literally crawl over each other to guzzle down the stuff, feeds my fantasy that this will be the time the deadly elixir makes its way down through the depths of the colony, to the Queen's lips (sorry, mandibles), and she will meet a tragic end.  No luck so far.Ant bait does work, however what appears to be missing is some honest, accurate data about how much liquid, and how many ants may need to be poisoned, to stand a good chance of taking out a colony.  If as I suspect, both numbers are quite substantial, that information probably won't be forthcoming from Terro anytime soon.
B000NCWOKE I purchased this hose because I wanted a lightweight weigh hose I could maneuver around.  I also was more interested in pressure than volume.  I have been very pleased.  The hose is kink resistant and solidly built.  I highly recomend.
B000NCWOKE I love this hose.  It replaced my HEAVY one inch hose that was hard to pull through my long yard.  This one is a joy to use, so easy to maneuver.  Will purchase again if necessary.
B000NCWOKE I went for this because of price. My mistake, it kinks and the kinks turn into squeezed shut areas that have to be worked back to open flo. Never will buy again.
B000NCWOKE Length and 8-ply construction of this rugged hose means that it will swerve you for many years. As such, it is a better investment than buying a 2-ply or 4-ply hose!  Length is ideal for use in any corner of my yard.  Couplings are tightly fastened.  Well-constructed!
B000NCWP44 Have really held up.  Much better than the washers I bought at the local hardware store, although you'd never know by looking at them.
B000NCWP44 What a difference a washer makes! It turned my leaky spitting garden hose into a well behaved no leak hose!  These washes are made from high quality rubber.  They are easy to install and fit the hose perfectly.  They are more expensive than the cheap washers that you can pick up at a home improvement store for a couple of bucks, but I think they will last longer and in the long run will not be more expensive. I have hard water and had to replace the flimsy washers every year.
B000NCWP44 Something that always gets lost and you need to have extras on hand when they get hard and useless. Or you risk getting very wet every time you hand water anything. A must have for homeowners with large yards
B000NCWP44 These seem to work very well.  They are a lot snugger than the plastic(?) washer that came with my spray nozzle, and they have more depth and \"cushion\" than the old one.  I don't think I'll have any problem with leaks now.
B000NCWP44 Came with 10 washers, at well less then 4 bucks its a great deal. I had a pack of these before that lasted about 6 years until I lost them, so I'm certain the rubber will stay good at least that long when stored. I've only used 2 of these but so far both the hoses don't have any leaks.
B000NCWP44 There seems to be a softer quality to this rubber that makes for a far superior seal with no leaks, as opposed to products that appear very similar but are harder and don't seal as well.
B000NCWP44 I have been using Gilmore washers for quite some time now and of all the washers I've dealt with over the years this brand is consistently the best.  Now unlike some folks who have one or two hoses hooked up and connected, I have the things running all over the place.  We have a very large vegetable garden, a large number of flower gardens, orchard and grape vines.  We do A LOT of watering.Now some of our gardens, trees, etc. are located quite a distance from our various outlets.  Folks, we are talking four acres here with stuff that needs watering all over the place.  This requires multiple hose connections.  Now I have found that when I have a leak near the joint or main connection that in 99 percent of the time is requires a washer replacement.  The thing is, washers wear out, especially if you leave the hoses out year around like we do.  I make it a practice to replace all washers each spring.  This saves me a lot of frustration and hassle during the main growing portion of the year.Please note that if you run over the end of your hoses or hose joints with a car, tractor or lawn tractor, a washer will not normally fix the situation.  Nor, I fear to tell you, if you accidently burn your hose while burning leaves and brush, will a washer fix the problem...trust me...I know about stuff like that.The price here for a package of ten washers is quite competitive.  I pay more at local stores.  I will start ordering these things from Amazon as it will save me some bucks so I can replace burned hoses.Anyway, when you buy a new hose, check it out.  You will almost always find one of those little plastic washers either in the end or wired to the hose.  If you want my recommendation, you will get rid of the plastic washer and replace it with one of these Gilmores...you are going to have to do it anyway very soon so you might save yourself the headache.I always keep an extra pack or two of these around as I have little patients and when I need a washer, I need a washer now!This is a good buy and as a Prime member, I get free shipping which makes it even better!Don BlankenshipThe ozarks
B000NCWP44 What can you say about them they do the job and must be used to keep your water where it needs to be and to keep you dry. theese are very good,thicker than others i have purchased I would recommend these!
B000NCWP44 I had no idea that the a good washer could make the difference.  They are very large and sturdy and actually fit our hose beautifully.  These are not the cheap, hard plastic washers you find other places.  These beauties really work and no more leaks.
B000NCWP44 These washers are an add-on item which means they ship free with a $25.00 order. There are 10 red washers in the plastic bag at a cost of $3.98 for the 10 of them. They are the exact size as the black washers that come with the Gilmour solid brass hose connectors that are known to cause cancer according to the state of California. These washers are made in China as are the Gilmour hose connectors for which I bought the washers. There is no cancer warning on the red washers. Replacing the washers is a very easy task. They do a good job of stopping leaks.
B000NCWP44 These washers are an excellent fit for my 5/8-inch hose ends. Old washers do tend to dry out regularly and the fact that Amazon carries these washers makes it much easier to replace them as needed.
B000NCWP44 They seal just like they are supposed to and so far I haven't had any leaks. Right price, product as described.
B000NCWP44 You can't beat these red rubber washers. They seal so much better than the black O-Ring style. At least I have found them to be far superior.
B000NCWP44 It is always good to have a couple of these as spares. They fit nice and snug in the hose that for the price I always replace them every other year or so.
B000NCWP44 Sometimes improvements don't have to be fancy & expensive - like these Gilmour washers.  Over the years it seems like every time I use my hose for something I end up wet in one manner or another.  All my hoses and connector nozzles have leaks at the connector point - if I'm lucky the leak sprays harmless away from me but alas about half the time I take one in the eye, pants, shoes, etc.  I still remember the time I got a good soaking in the upper front part of my pants right before company came over...I used to think the problem was in the nozzles so I would replace them more frequently than I probably should have (at $10+ per pop).  However, even the new nozzles leaked and sprayed me in the eyes/pants/shoes/etc.  Over the years it dawned on me (I'm not that bright) that it's  not the nozzle but probably just needs better washer sealing.  I knew what to do next  -> Amazon.com ->  search ->  garden washer ->  read user reviews ->  Gilmour Hose Washers.I'm glad to report that these washers work as advertised and can't beat the price (vs buying new nozzles).  No more leaks/soakings.  I've found I do need more washers than hoses - I insert mine in the nozzle heads and I've got more nozzles than hoses. 
B000NCWP44 I didn't intend to purchase these, but ended up buying them based on an amazon recommendation. I didn't realize how much I needed these and have been very satisfied stopping all leaks in my hoses and attachments.
B000NCWP44 Hard to say too much about these simple little washers.  Replace the crap vinyl ones you usually get in hoses and attachements with good quality washers and fix those leaky joints.  I order several packs of these just to make sure I can find them when I want them.  It's the little things in life that you appreciate....
B000NCWP44 They were ok, but the bag was torn open with one missing when I located it inside the box. Never had that happen before or since at Amazon.
B000NCWP44 These are for 3/4 garden hose and if your like me it's easier to change them than have a leak.  These are a little thin but still work well, I have needed to double them up once, because they were so thin.
B000NCWP44 Basically these are red rubber washers like the ones that were used years ago. They work fine. Many products made today come with those plastic washers. I find that the plastic ones allow the fitting to loosen up on its own, which is very annoying.
B000NCWP44 These are made of good quality rubber so they should function very well and last for a long time to come
B000NCWP44 Though these washers work better than any others I've used, I would still like to see a softer washer become available. I have a lot of hoses and it would be so much nicer if I didn't have to turn the hose ends together with such force to get a good connection. I'm constantly moving hoses and changing lengths. Someone should make a good soft rubber washer. If anyone one knows of some, let me know.
B000NCWP44 These are excellent little washers. We do a lot of watering here in the desert and the sun is out from about 6AM to 9PM so washers take a beating and we replace most every year. However, why anyone would pay about 10 bucks (Amazon's price when this review was orginally posted) for hose washers is beyond me.I just purchased a few packs of these now that the price has dropped to a little over 2 bucks... Amazon price on 5/11/12 was 2.22 per 10-pack. The price difference may not seem like much but I recently purchased a 50 pack on eBay for 8.38 so that's under 2 bucks per 10 pack and that's a whole lot of washers.This is a good cart filler if you're a few bucks under 25 and these are great washers. Heavy duty rubber has lasted me longer than the plastic and other types of washers that come with most hoses and attachments. We have about 24 connections that require washers because we pump from a canal, water from field hydrants and also use several hose bibs on the house. It's hot here, the wind blows hard frequently, there's no humidity and all that adds us to a fast dry in the gardens and yard. We hate to waste water so spending a few bucks on washer, especially the Gilmour rubber ones, is much better than the water loss from the collective drips from inferior washers. However, even these do get a permanent crease that hot metal on the hose ends and the faucets will leave and though they don't leak they are hard to reuse the next season.
B000NCWP44 The important thing is the fact that they are rubber, not stamped-out cheap plastic.  They'll actually what they are supposed to do, and they'll last a lot longer than the cheap plastic junk.
B000NCWP44 Who can't use some extra washers; I can never seem to find mine when I really need one.  So I have this item on my Wish List to use whenever I need some extra amount to bring my order total up to the &#34;free shipping&#34; limit.  It is perfect for this.
B000ND3MGS This plant has been both more cold resistant and more pest resistant than the two dwarf cavendish banana plants growing in the same microclimate.  I bought the two cavendish plants at Home Depot with about eight leaves and about two feet high a week or two after I got this tiny nanner with four itsy bitsy leaves on it and they are all about the same size now.  We had two near-frosts that took a toll on the two others, but this plant never blinked at the cool weather.  So far so good.  It is now about three feet tall with no brown spots or blemishes of any kind, and no pest problems.  By comparison, the two dwarf cavendish plants always have at least a few leaves with brown spots on them no matter how often I care for them.  No fruit from any of them yet, but all things in their time. :)
B000ND3MGS Update: 8/30/2013:--------------------------------Plant has been dead for some time now.Update: 7/03/2013:--------------------------------This plant is just about completely dead now.Update: 1/13/2013:--------------------------------I managed to save the first plant, but I noticed a few days later after I've gotten the plant I noticed it was infested with spider mites. I used an insecticide on the plant, but it appears they already did damage to the plant. They were not discovered at first because they were all down inside the base of the plant. I suggest the seller (9GreenBox) to use insecticide on them ASAP.The insecticide I used isSafer Brand 5118 Insect Killing Soap - 16-Ounce Concentrate. It seemed to work on the first use, you should do it twice just to be sure none survived. If you're not sure if you have any you can look for small dots on your plant, move the leaf some and see if they move. If you're still not sure you can use a insecticide anyway.Also keep in mind this plant does NOT produce bananas. The image for the product is misleading. Any fruit it does produce is completely inedible, I'm not sure if the fruit will harm animals. I plan on picking them off and throwing them away just to be sure because I have three dogs.I've since then transplanted both of the trees into aSmart Pots 3-Gallon Smart Pot Soft-Sided Container, Tansince my last review. I used soil from my garden, yes it was not a \"great\" thing to do. But with the smart pot it seems to be doing good with it. Because the soil can get muddy when I water the tree it seems to do good with watering once a week. The only problem I have is with the first tree which was infested with spider mites.Keep in mind both trees came almost dead. But after a week or two of care it seems to come back and starts producing more leaves.For those of you that change your mind about keeping this plant you can grow it to the first flowering stage and get about $50 for it locally. If you let it flower fully then you can get about $110 for it.-------------------------------------------------------------------------Below is line is the old review-------------------------------------------------------------------------The I got the plant today, the leaves seem like their dying from the shipment. I'm giving it some emergency care to see if I can save it, two of the leaves were completely dead. I have it under a special light which acts like the sun. It's also in controlled heating at 80F.I suggest you expedite the shipping if you buy this, might be dead if you wait a week.Also, it seems like a second tree is starting to come up in the pot. I don't want to do any transplanting from the original pot until it's more healthy.I also have some organic fertilizer coming which I'm going to use on it.I'll update this review if I'm able to save it.
B000ND3MGS First of all, I can't believe these things survive the shipping process.Got mine about 3 weeks ago.  It was packed pretty well, but it was obvious one of the leaves wasn't very happy.  I transplanted it into a bigger pot after 3 days and put it outside where it gets full sun.  I have two new leaves already.  We'll see how it survives through the Oregon winter, but so far so good.  No complaints.Update 12/28/12: well this little guy survived through the first OR winter so I took it out of its pot and stuck it directly into the ground last spring.  I was getting about one new leaf per week during the height of the summer growing season and the plant is about 3 feet tall now.  It is now set to go for its second OR winter.Update 5/27/13: the 2nd OR winter didn't go so well.  We had a week where temps dropped into the teens and the ground was frozen.  That killed the plant since I hadn't mulched the ground or done any prep work to keep it warm, such as wrapping it with burlap.  I cut the plant at the base thinking I needed to start over, but much to my surprise, three new plants poked their heads out of the ground as soon as the soil warmed up in March.  They're now about a foot tall each and it will take a while for them to reach the stature of their Mom, but I'm thankful to have my plants back.  I will definitely take better care of them come next winter.
B000ND3MGS Hirts sent me a nice baby banana tree, in a four inch pot. When I got it, it did look small, with an outer leaf that looked brownish, and half dead. There was a leaf growing out of the middle, tho. Within a few days of receiving the tree, I transplanted it into a  larger growers pot, using very free draining soil. (Use palm soil, which is like cactus soil, or mix together potting soil, vermiculite, perlite, and turface if you have it too). This creates a very loose soil, for fast root development. Also, fertilize your banana tree quite a bit, but don't burnt the tree. Use a balanced fertilizer, 10-10-10. Keep it in the sun, and keep it warm.  I would take the plant outside when the days would go up into the 60s, and take it inside at night, when the springtime tempertures dropped into the 30s and 40s.  During this first month, the banana tree grew like crazy. The leaf that looked brownish, just dropped away. These plants grow VERY fact at first, in order to develop its &#34;trunk&#34;.  New leaves come out of the center of the plant, unroll, and stretch out, each one bigger, and thicker, than the previous one.  Now its about 5 weeks after ordering, and I'd say it doubled in size easy.  The 6 inch pot I have it in, is basically too small for the banana palm tree.  I've been busy, fixing the banana tree a permanent home in my yard, while it's enjoying its childhood in the 6&#34; pot.The location of your banana tree is important.  It should get as much sun as possible, tho be protected from harsh winter north winds.  These trees need mulched for winter, and the internet has a lot of websites, and Utoob videos, to show how this is done. I dug up the soil, in a 3 foot radius, adding a lot of organic mulch to the soil, along with a bag of manure. These banana palms require a LOT of food, and a LOT of water, in order to make these huge growth spurts. Only now, in late May, can I even hope to plant this tree in the ground. (I live in region 5.) You need to wait til the nights warm up, and all danger of frost is past, to plant these.  If its down in the 40s at night, it wont kill the tree, but it just wont grow.  I'm going to plant it this Sunday, in the well prepared soil, that receives full sun.  I'll fertilize it again, and make sure it never wants for water.  Then, sit back and wait for my instant palm tree! I hear if you can push the tree to create 18 leaves (?) in one year, it'll bloom for you. That's what I want to see. So, don't worry about those outer leaves turning brown, and wilting. Its how these plants grow. As the outer leaves die, know this: larger, thicker, taller leaves are rolling out of the middle to replace it.
B000NJ3R26 Wanted a simple, inexpensive system for the raised garden in my alley.  Bought last year's model but didn't set it up because one of the hoses was badly kinked due to the way it was packaged by the manufacturer.  Decided to order another one this year, figuring I'd use 3 sections of hose and 4 sprinkler heads.  T'was not to be... Hose construction has been improved, but same packaging problem resulted in similar kink.  Went ahead and set up my original one (I'm returning new one) with just one hose and two heads. The sprayers worked reasonably well, and the spray is relatively close to the ground, which I liked.  Five nozzles are included - three are a full circular spray, one is cone shaped, and one is semi-circle - but don't think this is a high tech system.  The whole set-up is fairly primitive. The sprinkler heads are light weight plastic - so light that the slightest movement of the hose shifts them , making it hard to keep them flush with the ground. They really need to have some kind of weight set on them to keep them stationary and stable (or simply made heavier in the first place) .  I ended up not using them as my garden has a slope, which meant they had to be propped in order to be level.  I wasn't confident they wouldn't somehow get knocked off kilter, and as this was to constitute watering for an extended vacation it seemed too iffy,,,,
B000NJ3R26 First, my product seems to have a differnet hose than the one pictured above - and it is by far one of the most inferior/poor quality types of hose I've encountered to date. The actual sprinklers are all plastic so no worry about rust - but they are also very light weight and prone to move about easily. In a nutshell, this product works but for how long is another question entirely. For just a little more money I purchased three hose remnants and sprinkler heads here on Amazon - of MUCH better quality. I'm glad I only purchased one of these...given the cheap production we'll see how long it lasts but suffice to say, I won't be buying a 2nd one any time soon.
B000NJ3R26 Needed something to water a strip of lawn and these fit the bill perfect they are plastic but seem to be well made
B000NJ3R26 Other reviews noted the low pressure, but where I use these, I don't need a lot of water pressure.  They work beautifully in a narrow area where you don't want to get water on the house.
B000NJTFPE Smaller front and back yards, mow every 2 weeks on the average.  Have had for almost 3 and 1/2 years, still runs great.  Did recently have a problem with the power lever, a little plastic piece breaking off which made it unable to turn it on.  I opened it up and basically replaced the plastic with a nut & bolt and that part is now better than new.  This is extremely easy to adjust and to mow with.  It lasts quite a while on one charge, I would guess I could mow a baseball field infield grass (probably about size of my lawn) no problem.
B000NJTFPE So far, I'm thrilled with this purchase!After I charged it overnight, it mowed my 1/4 acre lot and big back yard without problem. No fumes, no oil, no gas, relatively little noise and it's SO much easier to plug something in than run to the gas station to fill a container!The push bar also collapses easily when you want it to, so it fits well into a nook in my already crowded two-car garage!I also like the idea that if I throw solar panels on my roof, I'll be able to fuel my mower with completely clean energy so I just may have to in the next couple of years!
B000NSGNOG This is sort of a difficult product to evaluate. It is supposed to help keep algae from growing in your pool, but other things we use in the pool also do that. So if no algae grows, is this chemical responsible for it, or is it just maintaining acceptable chlorine levels and this stuff is irrelevant?I originally bought it as a stab at getting rid of some black algae stains plaguing a few spots on the vinyl liner. It did not help those.However, we've had a VERY rainy, often very hot summer. Those are perfect conditions for algae growth, and I haven't been using any more chlorine or algaecide than normal. I have been using three capfuls of this once a week. I haven't seen the first tiny spot of algae try to get a toehold this summer. With experience over 19 years of pool ownership, under these weather conditions I would say that is very unusual, and very pleasant.Since adding this chemical is the only thing I'm doing different than years where I might have had to brush off a few algae spots, I'm going to give it credit. It certainly is no more expensive than using extra algeacide and shock, and those are responsive measures rather than preventative measures. Its better to have the algae not show up in the first place than to have to beat it back when it does.Recommended.
B000NSGNOG This is a great product if you are like me and prefer using natural pool products instead of swimming in chemicals. This is the second product you use to keep the phosphates down after using phos free. Phos free brings phosphates down, pool perfect plus phos free is the maintenance step to keep them in check. Algae feed on phosphates, so remove the food bye bye algae. Note when algae die they put off phosphates as well. Once you get phosphates under 500 you can use this.If you have an algae bloom like I did before finding this stuff this company also has a super concentrate called first aid. I used a product called banish as I did not know about first aid at the time. I slowly reduced the phosphates after the outbreak although you can dump a whole jug without any issues.You must still watch your chlorine levels and don't let them drop, but you can use less chlorine, or in my case turn the salt water generator down some.
B000NSGNOG My pool can't function without Phos Free ... just a little bit each week keeps the algae at bay!  My pool is very hot (94 degrees in the summer) and even hotter if I run the hot tub; so some sort of algae control is absolutely required.  When I'm using Phos Free, the pool is algae free and clear as a bell!
B000NSGNOG use this if yo uhave any algae issues.  once you get rid of your algae, this will keep it away. i promise you that.  i found this item while i had a profesional pool company cleaning my pool.  when i went to the pool supply store, to buy it, the guy asked if i had a pool cleaning company.  i said no, and he said it is the best kept secret out there. one product that keeps you rpool super clean and algae free!!FORGET ALL THE CRAP ON THE SHELVES....USE THIS!  using this for over five years now and it works great!
B000NSGNOG I developed algae in my pool that kept coming back, even after treating the algae with an algaecide.  Well, I finally learned that to rid your pool of algae you have to first rid it of phosphates because that it basically the food for your algae.  And if you don't remove the phosphates, the algae will keep coming back.So, I first started with Phos Free.  Not the one labeled Pool Perfect + Phos Free because that is just for maintenance.  Look for the one they call simply \"Phos Free\" (by the same company).  That is like a shock treatment to rapidly remove the phosphates from your water.  Just follow the directions on that product, and then once your phosphate levels are down to an acceptable level (zero is best, but I've been told up to 300ppm is acceptable) THEN you can start using the Pool Perfect + Phos Free product on a weekly basis to maintain it.I now add the Pool Perfect + Phos Free to my pool once a week, and have not seen any algae re-appear.  It's been a couple months since I started using it, and I am very happy with it.***P.S.  I originally bought this product from Leslie's Pool Supply, but I will never buy any product from them again after I found out that their website rating system is rigged.  They will NOT publish a review about a product if it is negative in the slightest bit.  They will only publish (or maybe even write themselves) a review for a product if it is positive, so you never know if you're reading accurate/fair reviews or not.  I have emailed their corportate headquarters about this numberous times regarding my concern over why only my positive reviews are showing up on their website, but they haven't fixed the problem and don't even have the courtesy to respond.  Do NOT buy from Leslie's.  Amazon is the only way to go because at least you can read ALL the reviews and judge for yourself.
B000NSGNOG Boy, does this work! We had a green pool from the winter winds and spring pollen. This worked within 2 days of back-flushing and one filter cleaning. My gardener couldn't believe that the pools was clean and clear within one week (actually 3 days). This is the best price for the product but the nice part is having it delivered.
B000NSGNOG I just started using Phos-Free/Pool-Perfect this year on my 12,500-gallon pool.  It works.  The water is as clear as it was when the pool was first filled 7 years ago.  I use 1-1/2 capfuls once a week and no sign of the algae that showed up early-on this year and the water is crystal-clear.  When this runs out, I'll buy another container.  Simplest product to use that does what it says it will.  Can't beat that.
B000NSGNOG Being a new pool owner I don't know if by using this stuff I am eliminating the need to use other chemicals or not.  I have an automatic cleaner, use (3) 3&#34; chlorine tablets weekly and occassionally use muriatic acid to bring pH levels to where they should be.  I add 2 capfuls of the Pool Perfect + Phosfree weekly for my 22,000 gallon pool.  That's it.  My pool is spotless, no issues with discoloration, cloudiness, or smells.  Someone also commented that our water doesn't have that chlorine smell to it.  I don't know if it's because of using this or what?  Our chlorine levels are in line with what they should be.
B000NVM2L6 I have had 1 bird in it since I put it up..Have changed the food but they still don't come.  Would not buy another one. I think maybe a bigger opening would help..but
B000NVM2L6 Not only do we humans enjoy the close up bird views, but my cats think this is the best invention ever.  They spend hours watching and making little cat chirps of joy. Best gift under $10 one can buy!
B000NZZG3S I picked this up for my son who just moved to St. Louis... pause for involuntary shake due to cold weather... and it connects perfectly to a flexible heat wrap to allows him to keep a constant temperature on his home brew year rounds.  Good thing he works for the largest brewer in St. Louis!
B000NZZG3S I just purchased my second one of these and so far they both have been working perfectly. There is nothing on the market in this price range that gives you a readout of the current temps with a nice bright red LED.Everything else is over $150.00........!Mine are actually used for ceramic heater.The Max current: 8.3 amps / 1000 watts
B000NZZG3S The digital thermostat works with the Company's heat matHydrofarm CK64050 Germination Station with Heat Mat- there's nothing it can do on its own.It's ruggedly made, easy to use, program, understand and read. You might wonder how it works with the heat mat - you just plug the 3-prong plug from the mat, into the receptacle on the thermostat - which, in turn, plugs into the wall.I've had mine working for 2 weeks, and I can read it at a glance. I've confirmed that the temperature is what it says it is with a separate thermometer - bang on.I'm starting herbs (cilantro, parsley, basil and more) right now, and all the little green guys are up, and apparently loving the consistent temperature and humidity in the germination station.Recommended!
B000NZZG3S I have 4 of these currently and use them for all kinds of different things.It is very easy to use right out of the box and the temperature gauge is surprisingly accurate and they all have always been right on point with my external thermometers.Highly recommended!
B000OM82J0 This is some amazing stuff! It works fast and a great supplements for the garden. I'm never unhappy when I buy this product.
B000OM82J0 I've head from various reviews that it's just not the same as the 'old' formulation. Far as I can tell, it works as it always has. i've used this stuff for forty years, and it's good stuff.
B000OM82J0 This liquid is like having plants on steroids!We kept all of our summer geraniums &#34;juiced&#34;all winter and the result was obvious(not leggy,but full of greenery.It is really concentrated,plants love it and it is a great&#34;recovery solution &#34;for plants in distress.
B000OM82J0 I have been using this for over a year in order to really give it a chance.  I've used it on various potted plants as well as plants in the garden.  I really wanted this stuff to work but I wanted to be objective.  I only used it on half of my plants of each variety to see if there would be a difference.  Soil, fertilisers, care, light etc were all the same but only half got the \"Superthrive\".  ABSOLUTELY NO DIFFERENCE.  It didn't seem to harm the plants but also made ZERO difference to growth, flowering, size or taste.  Obviously some people love this stuff but I can't see why...placebo effect?  If it was as spectacular as it claims, then why wouldn't it be a standard product for all commercial growers?  Bottom line for them is money and obviously they see this as a waste...as do I.
B000ORYO4W I have been using a Hoover Spin Sweep for years (on my second one) so when this came up, I thought it would be a good product to review. My review is going to mainly be as a comparison with the Hoover model.Karcher better than Hoover1) Cleaner pick up. The Karcher uses a single round broom in the back to scoop up debris and deposit it in the bin. It does a much better job of cleaning up what you roll over. The Hoover relies on the front 2 brushes to sweep debris into the bin and tends to leave a small line of debris from where the 2 brushes come together2) Better front spinning brushes. The secret of the Karcher front brushes is they a geared to spin slower than the Hoover's. This results in a gentler sweeping action that does not fling debris to the left and right like the Hoover does, especially the faster you walk. The bristles are softer and do a good job a simply moving debris under the sweeper to be swept up by the back brush3) Dust bin easier to empty. It just sits in place and you do not need to push a button to get it out or press down to click it back in place. The problem with the Hoover over the years is the bin lock can break because you are pushing down in the same spot to lock it back in placeHoover better than Karcher:1) Easier to push. The Karcher seems to have a lot of gears to turn and it is noticeably harder to push than the Hoover, which seems feels featherweight in comparison2) Better with large debris. The Karcher has a &#34;twig catcher&#34; in the form of plastic fins that are supposed to keep large objects out of the bin, but it tends to get clogged up. Since I have a lot of little twigs to sweep up, this has been something I have to avoid with the Karcher. The Hoover seems to be able to swallow everything.3) Brush bumpers. The Hoover has bumpers with wheels on the outer part of the machine that do an excellent job of guiding the sweeper around walls and corners so the brushes keep spinning. The Karcher's brushes are unprotected and you can easily jam them to a stop against walls4) Steering. The Hoover steers easily and goes in a straight line. The Karcher seems to have a mind of its own and you are constantly adjusting it to stay in a straight line5) Reach. The Hoover uses the front brushes in a single step to sweep debris up at the front of the sweeper, so you can usually get anything the brushes touch into the box, but the Karcher uses a 2 step approach and you have to travel the length of the sweeper before the debris get lifted into the bin. Imagine trying to clean up under a table. The Hoover would get everything as far as you can push, but the Karcher would need more room to travel to get the same debris.6) Containment. This is something perhaps particular to my situation. I have to move the sweeper up a step to cover the area I sweep. Picking the Hoover up with the handles angles the front up as I move it. It also angles the Karcher the same way. But when you tilt the Karcher backwards, some of the debris in the bin falls back out, onto the rear brush and gets stuck in there and ends up being redistributed all over the ground as you move it, You have do extra sweeping to get it all up. The Hoover bin stays contained and even helps, because as the bin gets almost full, it can start coming out the front. The Hoover has a bigger bin, tooAt first I thought the Karcher was much worse than the Hoover, but as I used it more, I've come to realize it may be better for some jobs than others. It does a better job on driveway debris, for example. I really wanted to give it 3.5 stars.In the end, I would say use the Karcher if you have a lot of flat area with a lack of big twigs to pick up and you want a clean sweep (a garage floor would be good). But if you want an easier to push and guide sweeper that can pick up bigger and more debris, but not do it as cleanly, the Hoover might be better. I'm luck to have both, so I can switch between the two depending on the job.
B000ORYO4W Karcher's a great company. I like their products. This one is targeted to people who want to sweep concrete, as on sidewalks, driveways, and garages. The compartment that holds the debris isn't very big, so it won't hold a huge amount of leaves, etc. However, it is easy to maneuver and seems to be built well. If you are SERIOUSLY SERIOUS about keeping the concrete around your house fastidiously clean, this may be the right machine for you.
B000ORYO4W I got this push sweeper to do my walkways and driveway, because I hate carrying the leaf blower around, it gets very heavy after a while. So I started with my driveway, because now that the warmer weather is here, I wanted to sweep up all the dirt and salt from the snow, and this sweeper did a great job with that, but the compartment is kind of small, so it doesn't hold a whole lot, and I found myself emptying it constantly. However, it is very easy to put together, and very easy to push along the driveway and walkway. The good thing about this is that I can push it, and not have to carry anything. It does a great job with picking up debris, it's just the emptying it constantly that is bothersome. I feel like this should be geared towards the older generation that wants to clean their own walkways and driveways, but don't want to carry around a leaf blower. Or even towards people that have back problems, because you can lean on it while your pushing it. I just wish it had a bigger compartment so I don't have to keep emptying it.
B000ORYO4W It was quick and easy to assemble.  It is a cinch to push. It picks up all the debris. I use it on my sidewalks, patios, and my messy garage floor.
B000OV8OTY I had a big problem with nats and this did the trick for me it took about a month but it worked like a charm.
B000OV8OTY These work great.  You stick them on little spikes, (if you can get them off of your fingers) and the little insects stick to them.
B000OWF7YI I really wasn't expecting the growth for my Lilac bush. It exploded. A few days later, I looked and the thing was all over the place. Pruning time for sure.Picea abies 'Hillside Upright' got lots of bright, new growth as well. Hemlocks are happy. Just fed baby boxwoods yesterday and they already seemed to grow noticeably.
B000P0DK1Q I bought this not for the fertilizer that comes with it I use that regularly anyway and have been using the fertilizer this review is not about the fertilizer I love there fertilizer and usually I love all there products however the Garden feeder I am not impressed with and there are cheaper and better feeders on the market. I will list by number the things I found wrong with this particular feeder.1.  Pressure is not very good on any of the settings.2.  Dispenses product unevenly3.  Dispenses product to fast or to slow or not at all4.  Have to turn upside down at times to get product to come out even after it is mixed really well5.  The setting spin on the front the dial does more harm then good at letting the water out in a certain way6.  No hose or tube inside the bottle or bowl area to pull product through everything is based on how much water is in bowl.Ok to be fair these are the positives1.  Light weight2.  Arrived on time3.  Does come with Miracle product inside of it ready to go.4.  The water shut off Does work ok5.  The product shut off to allow only water to get through works OK also.As I said I love and I use Miracle grow however I am not at all impressed with this dispenser and or there liquid dispenser. For a company that puts so much hard work into a great product to help plants grow you would think they would put more effort and ideas into how to dispense the product onto the plants and not sell cheap stuff at a higher price.Two stars because it showed up early and I like that that is one star, it was packaged well and arrived brand new, that is two stars. Did come with product inside that I love and it does not leak and it did put the product onto my garden even if I did not like the way it did it so that is the third star.I finally had to downgrade this to a two star, wow I really do not like this product. It leaks now and it is not that old, does not dispense evenly, I tried my best at giving it time and seeing if I would like it but I do not.Hope this helps anyone looking.
B000P0DK1Q This carries the Miracle-Gro name, so I expected it to be good stuff, in spite of the low price.  It does work well, but my water pressure blew out the first one I bought (locally), so I had to get a pressure-reducing coupler--not a big deal--and now this sprayer works fine.
B000P0FHQ2 This lawn food has worked great bringing my lawn back to life. after getting the weeds under control with a different product, this fertilizer has brought back the lush green color my lawn should have! As others have noted though, it takes many applications before you see the results and often you can find this stuff much cheaper in your local brick and mortar stores. I have found it for about 9 bucks at my local walmart.
B000P71GLU I had only one use for this digger and that was to help aerate the yard.  Red clay compacts easily and makes grass growing close to impossible without aeration.  Renting those big bulky machines is O.K. but I wanted something like this and this is fantastic.May 17, 2012 added:  Please add young trees to the list of Bye, Byes.  About now the Red Bud Trees have started growing to about 1' to 2' and they can really take hold in the soil.  I attacked them with the Yard Butler and by golly they are gone with a few turns and NO bending or backaches.  I continue to be delighted with this tool and it is always ready to use.The length (30\") reduces the need to bend down.  The hole diameter is better than the smaller types and works beautifully in most soils.  Rocks are a nag and depending on the torque set on the drill the Yard Butler will stop when they are too thick or not worthy of messing with the drill's abilities.  If the rock is too large perhaps digging it out would be more satisfactory.  My attitude is dig a hole as deep as it can go and the rest will take care of itself.  My initial trip at drilling the yard centered on bare spots and I drilled holes about 2\" to 3\" apart to cover the hole.  Return trips included inspections to find other weak grass spots with the objective of reducing the compaction.  So far so good.  Not much apparent wear on the drill yet.The best part of this gem is the \"weed attacker\" aspects.  Put the point on the crown of the weed and turn the drill on.  The tool literally winds the weed onto the tool and all I have to do is take the weed off the tool.  Gone are the roots and the weeds.  So far I have only used this on mostly chick weed and one or two dandelions.  Earlier applications of weed killer eliminated most of the dandelions but like MacArthur, they will return.Great tool for exactly what it is to be used for.  Thanks for making my life a little easier.
B000P71GLU I have the shorter version of this roto digger, but needed the extra length for my back, what a great back saver this is. I use this for annuals also so I don't have to bend so much. Love, Love, Love.
B000P71GLU I got this to do some spot holes in my rather hard packed lawn and it is perfect. I use it to make &#34;spot&#34; areas to overseed grass,I drill a series of shallow holes close together, spread the seed, the cover over.a lot eaiser than doing the whole lawn.note that you will need a 3/8 inch drill.Mine has an adjustable torque, so I can set it and if the drill gets bogged down, it just will stop, then I can reset and start again.
B000P71GLU With almost 400 bulbs and perennials to plant I knew my spade would not hold up (or my back).  Popping this little guy on the end of my drill made the job a breeze.  Be careful to set your clutch low enough that you don't twist your wrist off should it hit a rock or hard spot.  400 holes and it still digs like it did on the very first hole.  This is one of my better purchases this year; really don't know why on earth I hand dug holes when for under 15 bucks I could have saved myself the trouble.  If you're a gardener, and don't have one -- buy this now.  Your only regret will be that you didn't get one sooner.
B000P7345G This is the only MG fert with Magnesium in the mix natively. It really does a good number as a General Purpose Fert for anything that likes a balanced diet ... Oh and Tomatoes really do like this one over the 24-8-16 mix which will just leave them flowering into October ... IHMO. ( Too much N compared to P and K you see, for a matto to go all the way. 18-20-21 is about perfect. )
B000P7345G This is a God send for all plants. It nourishes even dieing plants back to life. I would but it again.
B000P7345G Buying from Amazon with prime has really made shopping at local stores far and few between. I order this product from Amazon every year. This stuff will help and make you look like a person with a real green thumb for gardening. Just use one table spoon per gallon of water and pour. Use it every two weeks. You will be blown away how your tomato plants will blossom and grow. I didn't use it on two of the same kind of plants to see if I could tell the difference. Trust me on this..... Those two were half the size as the plants I used this on. So I know this product works better than it says it does. Try it and you will be amazed how good it honestly really works!!!
B000P7345G I like this because I can mix up a batch and use it any way I want. Spray, soak or dunk this is easy to use.  You don't need much of it so the 3lb bag will be in use next year too.  I'll buy more when this runs out, in a year or two. You know the only way I dont use this is in the hose sprayer it's made for.  I don't think it would last as long burning a bag that way.
B000P7FVX4 Bought this to use as a roof sunshade and a privacy shade on a side of the deck close to our neighbors house. Doubled up it functions *alright* as a privacy shade, and certainly more economic then any other options. As a sunshade for a roof you couldn't ask for more. It really does not reduce light visibility that much and you get the hot sun off of you. You can buy clips and fasteners for it from plenty of places, I just went with wood staples and they work great - no tears/rips or any issues otherwise. All in all a great product that I would recommend.
B000P7FVX4 This stuff is great.I installed some on top of my pergola.  I simply nailed the cloth into the boards with several dozen roofing nails.  We've had severe weather, hail, drought, and the fabric looks exactly as it did when I installed it.It definitely provides effective protection from the sun, though I did wind up modifying the design of the pergola to better position more fabric in the best spots.The price is hard to beat, and the stuff is forgiving and easy to work with.
B000P7FVX4 Easy to cut (minimal fraying), easy to sew (fold over once and stitch), and the selvedge edge is bound neatly.This 64-70% shade version is great for shading vegetable beds in very hot summer sun.  I attached it to my PVC shade structures with PVC grip clamps and they hold onto the fabric marvelously.
B000P7FVX4 good quality... holding up good so far. will update later if anything happens. i want more of this but at a cheaper price. i'm glad i bought it when i did.
B000P7FVX4 I have a deck with a high roof that at times in the day produces a lot of glare.  Shades work well for the 8 feet between a support beam and the deck floor.  We cut this to fit the top triangle above the support beam.  It does an excellent job of blocking the sun.  We have stapled it into place.  It is porous enough to allow for excellent air flow and has not torn or come lose even on windy days.Very please with this product.  I also have deck shades by the same company and am thrilled with them as well.
B000P7FVX4 Maybe I should have bought the \"authorized\" hanging tools but I used grommets and the fabric is ripping at that point from the wind blowing.  I am concerned about making it more secure as I am not sure if it will rip more if it cant move or rip more if its whipping around.But I do like the look of the fabric and that I can still see out through the fabric.  I would buy it again but have to get a better way of securing it and/or not use it in a windy area (not sure where that would be considering its designed purpose).
B000P7FVX4 I got a roll to cover my small patio.  It blocks the sun well, is sturdy. It is for sure worth it to get this product.
B000P7FVX4 We cut to shape and installed on the underside of our lattice patio cover to further block the sun.  It does a fine job.  Wanted something easily removable when wisteria covers the top and provides natural shade.
B000P9URDQ I bought three different kinds of mouse traps for some mice that have found a way into our home. I set it up last night and sure enough shortly after I went to bed I heard the SNAP! Dead mouse. Unfortunately this trap is a pain in the butt to set. There is a little plastic hook that holds the metal spring down and it just doesnt want to stay. After playing with it for a while I manage to get it to hold but I do wish it was a bit easier to set.
B000P9URDQ These traps are really effective; you place a small amount of bait (I use peanut butter applied with a toothpick) in a little bait-cup, close the cover, and slowly move the set-lever back until it locks.  Unlike traditional spring-traps there is no way I can see that you would accidentally snap your finger, unless you have them sticking into the entrance.  Getting it to lock  can be a little tricky, you really do have to move the lever down slowly.I think the secret to these traps is the mouse has only one way to approach the bait, so he goes down the little hallway and is lined up head-first and SNAP!, no more mouse.  I've caught two mice in the same night with the same bait.Update 09/2012:  I've been through a few of these traps over the years, sometimes the trap is in a rarely-visted place and the dead mouse gets nasty by the time I find it so I just throw the whole trap away.  I see these traps have gotten cheaper but a couple of the new ones I bought have broken after 1 or 2 uses, a little plastic piece breaks and you can't set the trap.  I tried to fix it using Gorilla Glue but without success.  Hopefully this isn't a trend.
B000P9URDQ We live on a large lot that borders a freeway.  Some years we have trouble with mice in the fall and no longer have any cats.  We used glue traps for years.  Although they work fairly well, you still have to actually kill the mouse once it's trapped.We won't use poisons for several reasons and don't want to use the old fashioned, open snap traps because they present a danger to our small dog and us.I ordered two of these traps, which arrived quickly.  One of them was defective, but the other has proven to be very efficient.  I wish we didn't need it at all, but it works very well and is reusable.You can dispose of the already dead mouse without ever having to touch it and easily reset the trap.
B000P9URDQ So far I have spent $50 on two electronic zapper traps that my mice managed to enter, eat the bait, and leave (sans zap) and; $30 on four of these traps which the mice have thus far simply ignored leaving the bait behind (peanut butter) along with some mouse poop left right nearby as an F/U to me letting me know they were there and that they weren't falling for my traps.My mice have no reason to suspect traps as I have thus far relied on my two cats to keep the house mouse free and it hasn't been an issue for years. That is if you don't count the occasional mouse corpse left diligently just outside the bedroom door for me to walk on half-asleep the morning after the kill...Then recently I started noticing mouse poop but no mouse corpses and assumed the cats were't keeping up their side of the deal. So, loving electronic toys, I got the expensive Thomas Edison style electrocution mouse traps which failed, followed by these which also failed. So I guess the little critters are smarter than I thought and the cats are back on Tuna.I gave it two stars instead of one because they appear well made for the money and I still think they look likely to do the trick if your mice are of the low IQ variety.In any case these are batting a zero so far but are still baited as are the zappers. Time to try something else.I promise to update this if they ever come through.UPDATE: A month and a half into this one of the D-Con's came through and I got a mouse using peanut butter.  Bumped these up to three stars.  Only three because I still have mice...Update#2: These traps = 4 kills - Zapper traps = 2 kills. I appear to be mouse free now. Cats are fired!
B000P9URDQ I bought two of these traps, and the first night, I caught a mouse.  I also purchased two other types of traps for comparison, and think I will continue to purchase these when I need to.  I love that you can set these with one hand.  When the mouse is caught, you don't have to see it, just lift up the flap, and push the lever to release the mouse into the garbage.  Then it is really easy to reset.  I am really excited to catch another mouse now!  Sadly it's been two weeks since I caught the first mouse, and I am beginning to think I only had one mouse. I highly doubt that, but I will be grateful if I only have one.
B000P9URDQ I ordered 4 of these traps after I saw a little mouse run across the garage floor. I used a pea-sized dab of peanut better for bait, as recommended in the instructions, then set two in the garage along a wall and the other two in our basement storage area, where I noticed some mouse droppings earlier.The next morning the two traps in the garage each had a mouse - and today (the second morning) there was another mouse in one of the basement traps.It is sort of gross to see the mouse's hind-end sticking out of the trap, but I used a bag for each to pick them up and then tied it shut and took it outside to the trash. I know the instructions said the traps are reusable (which they are) but I guess I'm a wimp -- I'd rather order new ones (which I just did). But if you wanted to reuse the traps it is very easy to do so -- you can release the snap mechanism without touching the mouse.The only (very minor) thing was that three of the traps set on the first try but the last one was a little tricky - I had to repeatedly mash down the lever to get it to set. And then if I even bumped it the trap snapped shut - on a hair trigger. But I finally got it in place along a wall in the basement and set it (that is the one that caught the mouse last night).I also have 4 of the round-type of traps that are designed to close when a mouse enters -- you can't see the mouse if it's inside but will know one is in there because the spring-mechanism moves from \"set\" to \"caught.\" So far those haven't caught any mice  so looks like I'll stick with the product on this page. Glad to get rid of those mice.
B000P9URDQ The hook that holds the metal bar in place doesn't work on mine. I know that if I didn't have a defective trap, it would have probably worked... but who knows with my mouse. It's managed to set off but avoid 1 Snap-E trap and 3 ordinary d-Con wooden traps. I was hoping this would do the trick, as I've had to move the food in my cupboards and pantry twice and tape up any and all openings, no matter how small and it seems to be working. I guess I'll have to manage life with a mouse in my kitchen. I don't want to use poison because the mouse hides in places I can't get to and I don't want it's dead body stinking up my house.
B000P9URDQ I hate the idea that I have no choice than to kill, I tried the humane way for 5 years, but they are overunning my house, since I have chickens and mice are attracked to the feed etc.I bought several different types and the mice beat the trap and got away with the goods.  Not with this trap, I put it under the sink with some cheese I had left over and within ONE HOUR, no joke, I had a mouse, I was a little taken back to see his little legs and tail sticking out but I am sure he could not have suffered since this thing is quick.I will buy several more tomorrow now I can put them everywhere not being afraid it would hurt my dig or cat, yes I have a lazy cat. I had a terrier that brought me  mice on a regualr basis, she is gone now, guess that is why I have a problem.It is Oct.09 now and I am mouse free, I found their exit from the attic where they were making a home and making lots of noice. I placed the traps in their path under the sink.  This trap caught 14 mice in less than 2 weeks.  Unfortunately one was not killed and I feel bad about that, but he was not really hurt because he ran off outside. I also found a few in the garage.  Funny thing when you scare them away as long as you keep the traps open they will be afraid to come back, I think it is that way.
B000PGOON8 The instructions that come with the CobraCo Plant Sitter are terrible.  In order to make this product work, you must (1) fill the container with water (nothing else mixed in), (2) wet the ceramic cone, (3) fill the ceramic cone with water, (4) make sure the plastic tubing is at the bottom of the water container, (4) start the siphoning process, and (5) put the ceramic cone in the dirt up to the cap.The container is made for small rimmed pots only.  If you have a larger rimmed pot, you'll have to improvise or put the water container inside your pot.  The problem with putting the container inside of your pot is that the water will siphon out quicker than if hanging on the pot, so you'll need to monitor your plant to see if it is getting too much water.  The container is see-through, so you can eye-ball the water level easily, but it is made of plastic, so time will tell how durable it is.Overall, not a bad product.  An adjustable hanger would have been nice to have in order to use the system on different types of pots.
B000PGOON8 I tried this while out of town for six days and it did not seem to work. The soil was dry when I got back even though the plastic container was still full of water.Other reviewers have left tips that I should try. Maybe then it would work. But the system should work more simply than that; it is basically a water container and a wick. And it is not good-looking although it is not real ugly either.
B000PGOON8 The concept is a good one, however, it's a little bulky and ugly and will only work on certain pots.  The system is too big to work on anything less than 8\" tall.  If you have a decorative pot that has a thick rim (over 1\") or overly curved, this will not fit.  I would use this for plants if I was going to be away for a few weeks, but it isn't attractive enough to have on my pots year round.
B000PGOON8 I followed the instructions that accompanied this loser and the results were poor. The lid on the tank will not stay closed. I had planned to use this outside but without the lid staying shut this would be an excellent hangout for mosquitos so I left it outside for only about a week and a half. I dropped (pushed would be a better word) the \"hose\" through the hole in the lid. Instructions say insert it until the tip reaches the bottom. I pushed the entire \"hose\" through the hole and it never reached the bottom but remained suspended in the water about two thirds of the way down. The tank hangs on the side of the pot all lopsided and really looks as tacky as all getout. No water ever transferred from the tank to the flower pot during the week or so that I left it outside.Not sure where this was made although there is a USA address on the cardboard but it does not say \"manufactured in\". However I would not blame any manufacturer for not wanting to admit to making this butt-ugly and worthless recycling candidate.There has to be a much better offering of plant watering products than this. Look elsewhere for something that has at least a smidgeon of quality which this does not. Stay away from this - far, far away.
B000PGOON8 I have pretty much given up on the CobraCo 6000 Plant Sitter. The instructions that come with the plant are basically useless, leaving the user to try and figure out how to make this thing work. It seems simple enough. Fill the reservoir with water, connect the hose, and stick the watering thing in the dirt.But it isn't that simple. The water doesn't seem to flow on its own. I have tried several things, from mounting the reservoir at different heights and trying to \"prime\" the tubing with water, but nothing seems to work. I did read that there is a way to get it to work, but I had already given up at that point. It seems like if you are going to make a product that sells for $17 and the only thing it has to do is water a plant, that you would at least provide instructions on how to do the one thing it is made for.I can't give it 1 star because apparently some people have figured out how to make it work, and so apparently it isn't totally worthless. But for wasting my time, and frustrating me, I will give it 2 stars. I should also mention this thing is ugly and won't clip on to pots that have a thick rim, like some ceramic pots. It is also made of very cheap plastic, not high quality plastic like tupperware or rubbermaid products. Overall, this thing is not good and I do not recommend it.
B000PGOON8 As many have said, the lid will not stay shut which can impact the suction through the hose.  It is ok, but I believe that they could have made a higher quality version and charged more as there seems to be good demand for such a product.
B000PGOON8 I have to say that this little thing has worked wonderfully for me. I have read that it does not work for bigger plants but that works out for me since the one I use it on is a smaller one. It is very easy to use although you may have to figure it out yourself since some have had trouble with the instructions. Luckily everything was fine for me and this thing works. I am away from home a lot so this really works out well for me. I recommend this to any one with a plant in need.
B000PGOON8 I held great hopes for this gadget.  We have a 20-inch pot on our upstairs desk, containing a brugmansia.  We needed a plant there to shade the window, but it's a hassle keeping it watered. Perhaps this would cut down our daily watering to every other day.Unfortunately, it didn't work for this purpose.  The lid to the plastic container would not stay closed, so perhaps that's part of the problem.  Also, the curve of the plastic container wasn't wide enough to accommodate a a pot this size.  I tried sitting the container on the ground, though, and that didn't improve the function.Judging from another review here, I might be able to use the wired device in another container. But right now I don't have time to engineer that.Kudos to the manufacturer for the handy video instructions. Very clear.
B000PGOON8 This watering system only fits on medium/large sized pots, and I wouldn't recommend it for use as your sole watering system. However I have a bad habit of only watering my plants every few days, and this has worked well to pick up the slack in between.The design concept is interesting and quite functional, however the materials used are not particularly high quality. It would be a better use of money to create your own reservoir and purchase water sensors from CobraCo (CobraCo 6001-TC Replacement Ceramic Watering Sensors) or another company.
B000PGOON8 FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS, if you do that and pre-soak the ceramic spike, then fill the spike and the tank with water this system will work VERY well. I've been using the ceramic spike for years now and they have never failed me. Now they're just bundling the spikes with a water tank, which is convenient. This tank is probably only good for a few weeks with most plants, but you can use a bigger tank if needed. I've used up to a gallon tank without a problem.
B000PGOON8 I'm not the world's best organized as far as remembering to water my plants, so this plant sitter is ideal. I have it \"sitting\" a plant that's perched up on a high credenza in my office that I have to get up on a stool to water--- hence it sometimes gets missed. With the sitter I don't have to worry about it anymore--- I can see clearly from the tank when I need to replenish its water. Very handy for me and very pleased to have it.
B000PGOON8 This arrived just as I was about to leave for four days, and the plant I most wanted to save was an outdoor potted plant. I knew this was not made for outdoor plants, but I figured I'd try anyway. That was a useless effort; I came back to find the tank completely dry and the plant dry, too... I guess the tank just evaporates easily in hot weather.Anyway, then I tried it for its intended use. I placed it in a small potted houseplant and it has watered for 7 days-- the soil is nice and moist and the tank is about halfway down, just as the literature says (up to 2 weeks of watering).PROS:-Works as intended-Camouflaged colors-- the green blends in with the plant, so it's not a big, obvious device-You can use it with your own water container, too, if you want something bigger (as long as the hose reaches the bottom)CONS:-Expensive. How many people have just one houseplant they want to save? At this price, you could rack up triple digit expenses just to keep your plants watered.-The top doesn't stay closed. You'd expect there to be a tab or something to keep it \"clicked\" closed, but nope. It just sits there. My cat hasn't knocked it over yet, but it's just a matter of time, I think.-Doesn't fit \"almost all\" containers as advertised. I've tried it on several small containers, and it doesn't stay on them. Not a big deal in my case, though, because my plants are on a countertop and I've just put the tank behind the plant instead of hanging from the side of the pot. Also won't work for hanging plants-- it tipped mine sideways from the weight.Overall: if you have just one or two indoor plants you really want to save while you're away, this could work well.
B000PGOON8 2nd UPDATE:The sensor was empty today. I thought I made a mistake the first time this happened. Since this has happened three times & the two sensors I've been using for years still have water in them, there must be something wrong with the Plant Sitter. I noticed that the Plant Sitter feeding tube is smaller in diameter than the sensors I've used for years. Maybe that's the problem. I don't know for sure, all I know is that the Plant Sitter sensor is not siphoning water like it should be.My rating went from 3 stars to 1 star.UPDATE:After setting this system up using 3 sensors (one that came with the plant sitter & two I previously owned), I thought everything was working normally. After a few days I checked each sensor again to be sure each was full of water. I was surprised that the sensor that came with the Plant Sitter was empty again. The other 2 sensors were full of water - like they're supposed to be. I soaked the empty sensor for 15 minutes then re-filled it with water. I will check in a few days to see if it is empty again. If so, I will update my review & reduce the star rating.~~~~~~~~~~~~~ORIGINAL REVIEWI've used self-watering probesSelf-Watering Probes - Package of 5for indoor & outdoor plants successfully for many years. I use gallon milk containers as the water reservoir.  The CobraCo 6000 Plant Sitter works the same way way as the ceramic probes I used in the past & it comes with its own 1 quart reservoir.To use self-watering ceramic sensors:~Remove cap~SOAK the ceramic cone/probe  10-15 minutes in water (Cobra forgot to add this important step to its product label instructions)~Fill the cone/sensor ALL the way to the top then recap it.~Push the ceramic sensor into the soil. I always make sure the ceramic portion is completely pushed into the soil.~Fill the reservoir with water.  To feed  your plants, add a little liquid fertilizer to the water.~Drop the feeding tube into the water reservoir making  sure it rests on the bottom. (For the Cobra Plant Sitter, drop the end of the tube through the center hole on the reservoir's lid)~Cover the top of the reservoir so that the water won't evaporate & so mosquitoes won't get in if you're using it outside. (The Plant Sitter has a lid, but the lid doesn't snap closed. To keep the lid closed, I put a rubber band around each side of the reservoir. If I was using the Plant Sitter outside, I would cover the center hole & the feeding tube with aluminum foil)~IMPORTANT: Always set your Plant Sitter up a week before you leave to be sure it's working properly. (I noticed that the water level in the reservoir hadn't changed in a week. I pulled the ceramic sensor out, removed the cap & saw the cone was completely empty...that's why it wasn't working. I filled it back up, put the cap back on, pushed the sensor back into the soil; by the end of the day, the reservoir's water level was going down)...see my UPDATEA few tips:~Larger plants will need at least two ceramic probes/sensors.~Depending on type, size & season, a plant will require from 8 ounces to 32 ounces of water weekly. I find that for my plant in a 6\" pot, the Plant Sitter's one quart reservoir will water it for approximately 2 weeks.~If you rely on the Plant Sitter to always water your plants, you should water the plant from the top once a month.~The level of the water in the reservoir should be below the cap on the ceramic sensor. Raising the reservoir increases the flow rate; lowering it reduces the flow.~If the reservoir runs out of water, you need to refill it & you will also need to refill the ceramic sensor.The Plant Sitter's reservoir is a nice translucent color, not flashy or showy, so it won't detract from your plant. It's too tall for some of my smaller indoor plants. So I sit it near the plant instead of hanging it on the pot.I added two more sensors & am using the Plant Sitter to water three plants at a time. The center hole is large enough for me to thread two feeding tubes through it, but I had to put the other tube under the lid; two rubber bands are holding the lid closed. I'm sure the reservoir will need to be filled  often, but the plants have been so thirsty lately that I haven't been watering them enough. I'm expecting happier plants by using the Plant Sitter.Amazon's product description is confusing to me. It mentions both a 1 quart reservoir & a 2 quart reservoir. I received a 1 quart reservoir & one ceramic sensor.Made in ChinaThis is a 4 star product, but I deducted 1 star because an important step was not included on the product's label instructions & the lid doesn't snap closed.~~~~~~~~
B000PGOON8 I tried this in my guest room, where I have a few plants that get forgotten. After following the directions, I put this into a pot of Emerald Gem that had been recently divided from the mother plant. It was doing great because I was remembering to water it.This watering system didn't work well. A month after installing, there was still water in the well. The plant was very droopy. I'll try again with a different plant and see if I get better results.
B000PGOON8 I was excited for the Plant Sitter to work, but alas, it must have gotten distracted and focused on playing on its cell phone when it should have been tending to the plant. Alas, so hard to find good sitters these days. :)Really, though, it's a good idea, but just didn't work for us. Maybe it was operator error, but the thing really didn't come with a lot of instructions.We placed in to tend a tomato plant that we had in a pot about 14\" in diameter.As we checked on it, it seemed that the water level in the Plant Sitter container was going down, so it seems like it was watering, but it just wasn't watering enough, and the tomato plant really struggled.This may be the type of Sitter that needs a watchful eye, but then, what's the point?It could be used as a backup for watering if you're prone to forget to water everyone once and a while, but as a main source for watering on a long vacation, I'd think twice about, unless you test it really well before you leave and are confident that it provides enough water for the size of planter you have.
B000PGOON8 When I was first offered this product for review, I thought \"What a great concept!\" Since I live in a condo and do container gardening outside, I decided to give this product the ultimate test by using it on the container for one of my tomato plants. It stayed there all summer and into the early fall.First off, you're supposed to soak the ceramic piece that's going to go into the soil in water. I totally didn't see that part of the instructions at the time, so that clearly could have impacted the plant sitter's performance that first week or so.  You then put the ceramic piece into the soil and put the long thin tube that is connected to it down into the plant sitter water well that hangs on the side of your plant's pot. Super simple and quick to install.The first problem I encountered is that the LID of the water well would not stay shut. This may not have been a problem if I'd been using it for an INDOOR plant, but it certainly was a problem with an outdoor plant, because all the bugs, dirt and other detritus that swirls around the parking lot of my condo could go right into the water. Over time, even if I occasionally poured out the old water and put new in, a green gunk grew on the inside bottom of the water well. I can't say exactly how much this impacted the plant sitter's ability to keep my plant watered, but I suspect it clogged up the tube somewhat.The end result was that, when comparing my two tomato plants in exactly the same containers with exactly the same type and amount of soil, the plant with the plant sitter generally needed less watering. HOWEVER, in no way would I have been able to rely on the plant sitter SOLELY to water my tomato plant, so I still watered with the hose when necessary (especially during that part of our summer that was over 100 degrees). I could see a small to medium house plant that didn't have a great need for water being able to survive over the long haul with this plant watering system, but not a large plant and not likely one (like my Spathiphillum) that constantly droops unless it is well and regularly watered.I would definitely get another plant sitter for an indoor house plant IF the company could fix the lid problem. The fact that the lid refused to latch and stay shut was a constant annoyance to me this summer...and trust me, I tried many times to get it to latch. I think I succeeded ONE TIME out of an entire summer of tending to my tomato plants...but it didn't stay closed for long.In summary, this plant sitter is a GREAT concept for those who want to have plants but travel often and don't want to pay someone to water their plants while they're gone. It is easy to set up and easy to use. If it hadn't been for the lid issue, I would have happily given this product 4 stars.
B000PGOON8 Although not a bad concept, and upon seeing it you think, \"Why not?  I'll give it a try,\" this item works better in theory than in practice.You can't really rely on it to keep your plants alive.  I think another review said you had to siphon the thing first.  That kind of takes away the \"automatic\" idea.  Maybe my expectations of the product were a little too high, and my review sounds a bit harsh, but when I see automatic, I want something truly automatic.Not only that, the system is a real eye-sore.Maybe plant sitting technology is still in its infancy and hopefully it will improve in the future.  I'm glad to see other users were able to get something out of the product.  I wish CobraCo the best of luck and hope they can some day live up to my higher expectations.
B000PGOON8 This does work.  It enables you to give your plants access to water when you are not around to water them.  But it's not exactly a needed product, even for dedicated plant lovers, since it none too hard to set up your own wicking system.  That would do the same job, and do it for a lot less money.So: it works.  No problem.  But...needed?  I don't know.
B000PGOON8 The COBRA 6000 PLANT SITTER works OK for what it is, however, the company didnt print the correct instructions for its use. You will NOT get any water moving into the watering stake, unless you syphon the water thru that hose. The instructions only mention filling up the stake with water. So, first fill up the water tank. DO NOT ADD ANY FERTILIZER. (You dont want to get that in your mouth.) Next, twist off the cap over the watering stake, and fill it up with water, RIGHT TO THE BRIM. Then, CAREFULLY put the cap back on. Now, SYPHON the water thru the hose, and when its flowing, then attach the hose to the plant stake. Place the plant stake as close to the roots as you can get it, without damaging them. Lastly, either hang the tank on the side of the planter, or place it ABOVE the plant's soil level, so you get good water flow. The hose's opening should ALWAYS be at the BOTTOM of the tank. The instructions remind you NEVER to let the tank run out of water, or let the water lever fall too low inside the watering stake. If you do, the syphoning suction will break down, and you'll have to initiate the syphoning process again.DOES THE COBRA 6000 WORK? Its OK, tho other self watering systems I've seen, use TWO of these watering stakes per planter. Unless you have a SMALL plant, just one stake wont moisten all the dirt in your planter, to the detriment of some of your roots. Also, the water tank is designed to attach to the side of a planter. However, its TOO BIG for that to work, unless you have at least a one gallon sized planter. It claims to water a plant UP TO 3 WEEKS. I guess they mean a cactus. I found the water tank to run out, after about 7-10 days.BEST METHOD FOR KEEPING YOUR PLANTS WATERED DURING VACATION.1. WATER THE PLANTS THOROUGHLY before you leave.2. COVER THE DIRT WITH WET PAPER TOWELS, or wet rags. Then, cover over the planter with a plastic bag. This will hold a LOT of water inside your planter. For outdoor plants, skip the plastic bag, cos you'll want to get whatever rain you can inside the planter.3. PLACE HUMIDITY TRAYS NEAR THE PLANTERS. Lack of humidity will cause extra evaperation thru the leaves.4. DONT PLACE IN DIRECT SUN. You'll want to get your plant to go almost into hibernation, while you're away.5. USE A WATERING SYSTEM LIKE COBRA 6000. I've seen people take a 1 liter plastic bottle, fill it with water, plug it with a rag, and place it upside down inside the planter. The water will slowly drain thru the dirt. This is good for BIG pots, and plants that like wet feet, like tropicals. The COBRA 6000 is a sophisticated version of that same method of watering, that works well for small planters.Overall, the COBRA 6000 works, but only on a smaller plant. If the plant is too big, the stake cant get water thru the WHOLE root system. Rememeber, to syphon the hose before use, make sure the opening is placed on the bottom of the tank. Also, keep the stake filled with water too. Best results were optained from placing the tank ABOVE the planter's rim, not hooked on the planter's side. If you place the water tank upon the rim, as the drawing on the cardboard container suggests, the weight of the filled tank might tip over the planter. Also, its less likely to work well, as the tank drains.Overall, a cheaper alternative to the more expensive, multi-pot watering systems. However, the vague, incomplete instructions, and the watering tank that's designed too large to hang on the planter's rim, might spoil this product for some.
B000PSFLT2 While I tried to swear off any more awful Chinese plastic hose accessories, favoring far better US brass stuff when available (not often), this was the only configuration that would work for my irrigation system without redoing the whole thing. Cheap and with a lot of optional ways to hook up stuff, and the shut-off valves are very handy.Although plastic threads usually fail after awhile, this device seems well-made with decently formed threads, a brace kit useful for some installations, an upper brass coupling and the valves work smoothly and are big enough to operate fairly easily.I had to take off a star because a somewhat similar, and discontinued, Orbit manifold sprung a leak right in the middle of the body and sometimes guilt by association is hard to deny.
B000PSFLT2 Plastic Manifold has Brass Coupler, 2 plastic End Caps, and 3 plastic Ball Valves for a total of 1 entry and 5 exits to the manifold.Ball Valves work smoothly and shut off completely.Manifold comes with a steel brace, mounting screws,  and instructions.To avoid the extra work of drilling holes in the block wall, I didn't use the enclosed steel brace. Instead, I measured the installed length of the Manifold to the ground at the intersection of the wall -- cut a length of White Schedule 40 PVC to fit, and have an easily-removable brace that's a plenty strong.I mounted a RainBird Pressure Gauge on the center valve -- an Orbit Digital Timer on the right that feeds a RainBird Gear-Drive Sprinkler -- and a 37' hose with a Bel-Aire Nozzle on the 3rd port for durability and versatility.All this behind a Valterra A01-1122VP High Flow, 55-lb Lead-Free Pressure Regulator -- ALL available here at Amazon.My order arrived promptly and in perfect condition. Thanks, Amazon !!
B000PSFLT2 I bought this to hook up a hose and two sprinklers at the same time, so I don't have to constantly switch hoses depending on which item needs use currently. Works great, made it through the first year. Each hose outlet has a on/off control valve which it's good. You probably won't be able to run 3 items at one time unless you have great water pressure in your home - or if they run just fine at low pressure. I definitely recommend bringing it in over the winter so it doesn't crack and leak. I've had two Gilmour two-way splitters before and they only lasted one year before they started leaking, however I didn't bring them in for the winter - so that may be the cause.
B000PSFLT2 I have this set up with two soaker hoses at either end.  Since they are so light, there is no need for me to use the anchor that came with the product.  For my needs, this product is just right!
B000PSFLT2 I have two of these, they are both working very well. I am very pleased with them and will buy more if the need arises.
B000PSFLT2 This was easy to hook up and is a life-saver now that I am trying my hand at landscaping and have several hoses going all over the yard. My only complaint is that it sometimes leaks, but I'm not sure if that's an error on my part or if it's the product itself. I also think that the hoses sometimes get stretched (as in, pulled slightly away from this product when they're in use), so the seal isn't as tight as it should be. It's easily fixed.Also, sometimes, for the same reason as above--stretching of hoses as they're used--the gold part on the top (that attaches to the main faucet) unscrews a bit and starts leaking. But you just have to twist it back on tight and again, probably only happens because the hose is being stretched.
B000PSFLT2 Kind of a cute little gadget and does serve a purpose. The supporting arm provided was useless so have to invent one of my own.. It sure makes it convenient to have several hoses at the ready and don't have to mess around disconnecting  and re connecting to change hoses
B000PSFLT2 The Orbit 3-way faucet valve is absolutely great so far. One or two reviewers almost scared me off by saying you should get the metal one instead, but I had a metal 2-way faucet valve and hated it. It leaked, it was too hard to turn the dials and it was surprisingly insubstantial for metal.This faucet valve comes with a brace you can attach to the back to bear some of the weight of the hoses, but I didn't attach it and I don't think I need to. Everything is tight and sturdy as can be. Maybe the angle of my faucet coming out of the wall makes it unnecessary to have a brace. After my experience with my last 2-way faucet valve I bought some washers for this one, but I haven't needed them at all. Not a drop of escaped water. I run a hose to one garden, a hose to a second garden in the opposite direction, and a hose across the yard to a dog pen. I had forgotten that sometimes I need water at the faucet for other things as well and was thinking about getting a 4-way faucet, when I realized the end cap screws off and there is your 4th outlet, and even a fifth one on the other side.I love this thing. It has solved so many problems for me. And again, it's sturdy! Nothing moves when I yank on one of the hoses. What a difference from my \"better\" metal one!Update -One month of constant use later: This connector has had a workout. Everything still works smoothly. I guess that is what impresses me most after having struggled with a brass connector. The individual dials turn sooo easily and when they are off, there is no leakage. This whole thing is so well made.Another update -One year later I am having to buy another one. I think the couple of deep freezes we had this winter did it in. But the price makes it painless to replace.
B000Q5S7RM I had an issue with my order that the seller resolved immediately, so I won't detail that.Once my worms arrived I opened them up and gave them some water before placing into the soil.  The box was a lot smaller than I anticipated; I was envisioning 4-6 inch long fat worms in a box the size of a gallon jug or bigger.  The box was about 8\" square, and the worms were TINY- average was an inch, inch and a half long.  But I've no doubt there was 1000 in there.  Once it warms up in SoCal I'll be buying several more boxes for my garden.
B000Q5S7RM Arrived on time and included a bunch of live red wigglers.  I didn't see any dead worms and my worms have been thriving in my composter.  They also started mating right away... I don't know if that's a sign of adjustment or not but they do seem to be very happy worms.  I would definitely buy from this company again.
B000Q5S7RM I bought these because I am having a problem in part of my lawn with compaction.  I have some heavy clay under my soil.  I have aerated my lawn, but it just need some more help.They arrived packed well, and had a cooling pack to keep them from getting too hot.  They also included a sheet of instructions which I highly recommend you read before putting them out.  I did not find any dead worms.  In the instructions and FAQ with this company they stated that the worms may seem a little thin from being dehydrated from shipping, but mine were fat and healthy.I followed the instructions and put them out in one spot and covered them with damp newsprint, after loosening up the soil (I used a pitch fork).  They started wriggling down into the soil right away.  I checked the next day under the newsprint and did not see a one, so I am sure they are happy underground,  and I am looking forward to them helping my lawn.
B000Q5S7RM I'm trying to think of something to say about a bag of worms.  They're worms, right?First of all, there were several dead ones.  Of course I didn't count them, but there were enough to notice the difference between the moving worms and the motionless/limp/lifeless ones.  I guess some perishing in transit might be normal, I don't know.Second, there were some critters other than worms.  Some of them look like miniature centipedes, others are just little wiggly things.  I guess it's inevitable that you'll have supplemental detritus-eaters, but actually I was expecting only worms.Hopefully these are the last worms I'll ever buy.
B000QD7MZ2 I do love the size and the 6 ports to feed from but I can already see it is hard to open and fill and get closed right again so it doesn't leak. I don't really expect this to last more than this season. Don't get this size unless you have a lot of hummers coming because you should refill your feeder and clean it once a week so if you fill it full and don't have enough hummers to use it up there will be a lot of waste. If you don't need that much just fill it half full. You can always add more if needed but be sure to clean your feeder every time you put more syrup in it for them to drink.You really need to push firmly on each piece as you put the feeder flowers on and the center parts. If they aren't on right they will just fall off so you'll know if you did it right or not. The stand for the hummer feet are on securely because they have little cut outs for them to fit tightly before screwing them tight onto the feeder. Just take your time putting these features on so you don't break them.UPDATE: The little yellow centers in each flower that are snapped in independently are coming off. The Orioles keep playing with them and they are coming off even though I had them on securely. Now there is an opening large enough for any bird, fly, wasp, etc. to get into the juice. Not a good thing. When this is empty I won't use it again. Spend more and get a nice glass feeder, they are the best.
B000QD7MZ2 I have three different feeders in my backyard and this seems to be the favorite. Sadly, my hummingbirds fight so, at most, I'll get two hummingbirds carefully spaced. Even so, they don't want to go to one of the other feeders but rather fight over this one.They don't share very well, so it's really kind of big since I change the solution regularly.The one thing that really brings this down to three stars for me is that the diameter of the lip of the top that fits into the base is too big. First, the top needs to be inserted, it goes down about a half-inch, and then it is turned and locked into place. I was having a very difficult (and messy) time getting the top to fit. I finally had to shave off some of the rim around the base with a razor. Happy to say that I still have ten fingers.It is easy to clean and I don't have a problem with the vacuum effect that I've had with other feeders.So, it's a five for the hummingbirds and a three for me -- average is four.06/22/2014: I changed my review to a three today. Even though I've tried to shave away some of the plastic on the base, it's still a tight squeeze. Today while trying to maneuver the container onto the base, the whole thing slipped, spewing sugar water all over my kitchen. Now I should also add, \"the ants give it a five.\"
B000QD7MZ2 First let me say we go through A LOT of hummingbird solution. We drain five 48 ounce feeders a day at our house from Mid March through mid July. We also have two pairs that over-winter - so I always have at least one feeder up.I purchased my first Grand Master feeder from Amazon and,when I went to buy more last week I noticed that Amazon is not selling them because of some complaints - or whatever the verbiage was - so I ordered three more from another online source.I have been thrilled with these feeders. They are easier to fill, much easier to clean (you can get your whole hand in the opening) and I no longer need a bottle brush to clean them, plus I am not having to fill quite as frantically as I was because of the larger size. I was so puzzled by the fact that Amazon was not selling them that I started to think of what people might possibly have to say that wasn't good, and this is what I came up with:Most of us, if we use a larger sized hummingbird feeder, are accustomed to using the 32 ounce model that is a bottle with a narrow opening through which you fill the feeder. I used to use a funnel to do so. The bottle sets in the base. When carried outside in the upright position here is always a little leakage as you carry them out to the feeding station but that seems to happen with all of the hummer feeders that I have ever tried. With the 48 ounce feeder, the bottom is much wider; hence no need for a funnel and the ability to make cleaning easier. When you set the bottle back on the base, because of the larger opening there is more leakage. That's the only thing that I can think people might complain about.I have easily solved this issue  ( and used to to do the same thing with the 32 ounce models) by keeping the bottle upside down (standing on the top) after they are filled and replacing the bottom of the feeder (which I always cleaned at the same time as I refilled)  on the top and walking them outside in an upside down manner. Problem solved.For me, with the amount of food I go through, this feeder is such an improvement that I would never complain or return to the 32 ounce feeder, funnel and bottle brush ever again. I love this feeder, and with a bit of common sense it is no more 'drippy' than the smaller sized bottles.
B000QTMT7W I am relatively new to wood splitting. I have the great Fiskars 36\" splitter, but it couldn't get through a few knotty pieces I have. I hear wedges are good for this, so I got this one.My observations is that it doesn't do great for knotty pieces. It gets in so far, and you give it a good whack, and it bounces out. Looking at the wedge, it doesn't have a gradual grade/increase in angle; about a quarter way up, it broadens really quickly (as you can see). This is, I think, why I was seeing the behavior I was--not enough force (even with a 10lb sledge) to drive it in at that angle for these.I have a theory (and that's all it is for now ;) ), that if I get a more traditional wedge, that will work better for knotty pieces.  This wedge is probably better as an alternative to using a maul/splitter for straight pieces; people say it can split four ways in one go. I will try it for that.  But if you are looking to deal with knotty pieces, I think a standard wedge will probably be better.Again, I'm not very experienced, so take it for what it is worth.UPDATE 29 Dec 2012: I since bought a regular wedge, and I am none too impressed with it. In fact, this one seems better in getting bite so you can really drive it in.  Maybe I am just missing some part of the technique, but the problem is you need to hit it hard enough to get it to bite into the wood, then when you really lay into it for the split, it always bounces out. Seems like it should work better--like driving my splitter into it works great; I just don't want to ruin my splitter.  Will keep looking for the perfect wedge. :)
B000QTMT7W Colin's Wood Splitting Wedge, Diamond Shape, 4 Lbs. Is very good except the point bent a little which keeps me from giving five stars.
B000QTMT7W During the winter (and even this Spring) we occassionally have a fire in the fireplace. I have some huge logs (some 2 feet or more in diameter) from a tree we had cut down two years ago. This really made it easy to split them. Before I was using a flat wedge but this diamond shape is fantastic!
B000R0WXI0 I always have weeds on my sandy beach which I pick daily, but want a product to kill them for as long as possible.  This product can take 4 - 7 days to start working.  The bottle says that it will prevent weeds from coming back for up to four months,  my experience has been that it lasts about 6 weeks before I have to start pulling weeds again.  A friend told me to try a brush killer, I am going to give that a try.
B000R0WXI0 Some here say there's better products out there, and there may be, but this one works pretty darn well for me.  It kills everything I need it to.  I just mix it in a pump sprayer and go!
B000R0WXI0 I've been using another well-known product for years but desired to try this one to see if it was any better. Cost wise it was more economical but did not do everything I would have liked. It works very well on grass and weeds (as long as it is not in a wetland area) but does nothing to small saplings or tough plants like blackberries. I suggest adding a small amount of dish-washing liquid to your sprayer because it helps the liquid to stay on the leaves instead of beading off.
B000RNENU8 Mixed this with some water, and watered my girlfriends plant that keeps lilting in the summer heat.  Boing!  Now, it only needs to be watered once every 4 days to prevent lilting instead of twice a day.  Plus, the leaves are more vibrant and it's reflowering.  Good stuff!
B000RNENU8 I used to use fish emulsion on my garden. I got that tip from working at a garden center when I was in college. People used to buy the stuff like crazy and my mother became a fish emulsion lover because the stuff worked.Fish emulsion is stinky and messy. The stuff is so bad that it can induce vomiting. However, that was then and Miracle-Gro is now.This product works like a charm, is every big as effective a fish emulsion, but without the negatives.Follow the directions as stated on the label, water, and then bask in the compliments. It is just that easy. I prefer the liquid Miracle-Gro because it disperses quickly and is easy to use. There is no mess or unpleasant odor. It works quickly and within the matter of 1 to 2 weeks the results are very noticeable. This is the best plant food ever.
B000RNENU8 Just to state the obvious, perhaps, you are paying for convenience here by getting it in liquid form. If you don't mind digging into the powder bag and getting your fingers a little blue (always happens with me), the granular Miracle-Gro costs about 1/3rd as much for an equal amount of NPK. However, it works great, just like granular Miracle Gro, although I would note that both forms are very short duration (7-14 days), so you might wish to consider a time release product if you have a large yard or garden.
B000RUDBMC It takes time to install and figure out the settings, I am not sure about the long term use, and I will post an update as soon as I notice the results.
B000RUDBMC Love this product! Within 4 days, my yard was poop free. Easy to set up. Seems to work great!
B000RUDBMC You'd think that an animal that relies on its hearing to find its prey would dislike this repeller. But our skunk blithely ignores the thing, goes about his/her business as usual, digging up our lawn in search of grubs. The only time I saw the skunk react, was when I set up the repeller on its usual path into the garden. Unless you have a yard with only one or a few access routes that you can set up one of these each, it's a pretty useless device, IMO. It certainly won't cover thousands of feet as advertised. The skunk simply ignores it!
B000RUDBMC I was hopeful that it would keep the Racoons away from my sweet corn patch. However one of the Racoons leaned up against it while the rest of the family had a feast on my corn. Ya gotta get up pretty early to match wits with a Raccoon. Those critters are smart. They know how to get over an electric fence by the jump and climb method. Playing a Radio constantly to scare them away does not work, they dance to the music and ignore the commercials. I am going to try a laser show next, followed by a motion detector water cannon.  I will let you know if any of this works. It isn't that I love corn, it is the challenge of out witting a Racoonn!
B000RUDBMC I live in the only township in CT that specifically prohibits any harm to the deer. Not surprisingly, they run amok in the neighborhood, destroying prized flowers and carefully grown vegetables with impunity.I have experimented on many remedies over the years. The spay-on repellent washed away too easily and smelled terrible to human too. Last year, I tried Enviro Pro Deer Scram, which lasted longer but was too expensive. I gives this ultrasound noise maker a try this year. It makes a high-pitch screech that is audible to human and therefore quite annoying in the evening, although the family dog does not appear to be too bothered by it. I add aGE 15153 Heavy Duty 24-Hour Mechanical Timerto turn it on from 11pm to 7am because most deer feed in our neighborhood at dawn. So far, our Casablanca Lilly remains unmolested. We will see if it survives the season.
B000RULG8I It is exactly as desribed but my ignorance ofmaterial used  made me have hier expextation. The door is a little flimsy and I use care when using it since I want it to last and not break too soon.
B000RULG8I Mounts easily to the wall. Very sturdy. Well made will last a long time. The hose fits great and it does have a bit of a storage space for other nozzles and things.
B000RULG8I Well built and easy to install. Love the little tuck away compartment with shelf so that you can store your attachments. You really can't ask for much more than that from something so simple. We have two of them and they've held up for a year so far with no signs of wear.
B000RULG8I I liked the fact that it will hold 150' of hose. I recently bought a 120' hose at a warehouse club. My old hose hanger broke within minutes.This hose hanger does the trick. UV protected plastic and a nifty mini-cabinet to store nozzles and the neighbors cat! For those \"up north\" the hanger can be taken down very easily. The hanger holes are key slotted so you can take it in.The plastic is UV protected and nice neutral brownish-beighish color. Remember plastic doesn't rust! Excellent product at this price point.
B000RULG8I Made with durable material (i.e. looks like it will last many years)We have a wide diameter hose that is 100 ft long and the hose fits nicely in this hanger.The storage cabinet offers a great space for small sprayer and provides an attractive look on the front of the house.
B000RUM0R4 My tomatoes were about 2' tall when I decided to cage them. I have been using stakes and ties in the past, but a gardening friend recommended that I cage instead. I received my cage via the Amazon Vine program, so it was risk free. I liked it enough that I purchased 3 additional ones for my other plants.Since my plants were already in the ground, I had to assemble the cage around the plants, which worked fine. The packaging on the product, however, was a little intense...there is a lot of plastic to unwrap and many twist ties. It seemed quite excessive. My plants are in deep planters as I'm in the process of reworking my garden space, so I wasn't able to put the ends in as far as they recommend. This makes the cage a good height. I am uncertain if it would be quite tall enough had I been able to insert the stakes as far as they suggested, though. The product material seems very good and I expect to be able to reuse them for at least 5 years.It loses one star for needing more horizontal support clips to be included in the package (I ended up using the twist ties).Caution to anyone who might be interested in ordering as a present: it came shipped box free, so it was clearly evident what it was.
B000RUM0R4 I planted tomato seedlings several weeks ago but did not set up the cages.  Last weekend I asked my teen son to help me do it and we pulled out a bunch of the traditional wire cages, along with the one Ultomato Cage, still in its original shipping box.  After wrestling the wire cages over the plants, trying not to break off branches or fruit, and trying to get them to stand straight in the ground, it was a breath of fresh air to break open the packaging of the Ultimato Cage and find out how easy it was to set it up, and set it around the tallest of the plants.  Since the cross bars snap on and off easily, we decided to place most of them low at the moment since the plant is not yet very tall, and we can then move them up as the plant grows, to provide support to new branches.  My son suggested I get more of that type of cage since it is so far superior to the traditional wire cages.  I came inside to try to order more and found that Amazon is not currently stocking them due to shipping difficulties.  This is so disappointing!  I ended up ordering a few more from my local ACE Hardware merchant, but as soon as Amazon has the kinks worked out I will also order more.  Ultimately, I'd like to get rid of all the wire cages and have only these, since the storage at the end of the season will be so much easier with this style of cage.  They may be a little more expensive but to me they are well worth the investment.Update: August 14th, 2013: Unfortunately, since writing my review I have become quite disappointed in the cages.  Admittedly we've had a year of heavy rain, which softened the ground, but these cages are just not holding up the weight of the plants.  Every other day I have to go out and pick them all up off the ground and try to get the stakes into the ground that little bit further so they have a chance of holding.  Now they are in so far that there isn't enough of them left to hold up the plants.  The other problem I've found is that because the bars snap on and off so easily, the weight of the plants is snapping them off, so I keep having to \"rebuild them\".  Perhaps if I try putting them on backwards (i.e. put them on the inside so the plants are leaning against them holding them on, instead of pushing against them?  But that means redoing everything all over again).  One of the cages I purchased came with a set of the bars that is missing the loop at one end so it is useless, and that cage is even weaker as a result of having fewer bars I can use with it.  The bars are also bowing quite a bit.  Just this morning I was thinking I need to google other solutions for next year since I don't think these will be it after all.The traditional metal cages are also falling over - the ground really is very wet - so perhaps in a drier year my experience would have been better.  Sorry....
B000RUM0R4 Put mine together today and think this is a terrific idea.  I have quite a few of the large, metal cages that fold flat, but they don't fit in my earthboxes fully expanded.  These will not only fit, but the support can be customized to really provide support where it's needed.I don't buy the cheap, circular wire cages anymore because they don't hold up well, aren't as flexible as square or triangular cages and I prefer supports that fold flat for off-season storage.If a person had several of these cages, the possible configurations and uses are nearly endless.  The poles can be connected and uses to support peas, cucumbers or many other vegetables that need support.My only complaint would be that I think the price is a little high, but the prices are high on all of the decent supports and cages.
B000RUM0R4 This arrived bent. Then, when trying to straighten it out, it broke, but still worked out well enough to work OK. So, it could have been made sturdier.
B000RUM0R4 It is still early days for a full review - I think if these make it to next year in the garage I'll have to edit this review up to five stars. Seems like nothing survives my garage...The poles are very sturdy and provide plenty of room for large (and growing larger ^_^) tomato plants or other plants that vine out of control.  I've got it supporting one of my bigger tomato plants and it is doing just dandy.The poles are some kind of plasti-composition with little bumps on them which I think gives them a weird feel but it allows the plants to grasp better too I suppose.  These poles are taller than I am.
B000RUM0R4 Seems like a good idea, create brackets that clip to some of those standard corrugated green garden stakes, then sell as a package. The problem is, this was shipped just in plastic and bubble wrap, with nothing to protect the stakes, so it showed up totally bent (and trying to bend it back to shape causes the stake to crack in half). I uploaded a pic to the product page if you want to have a look.My suggestion to the company would be to sell just the brackets (easy to ship) and have people use their own stakes. Or send them in a box.
B000RUM0R4 As with most people I know in the Northwest, we are avid gardeners and optimists to the max when it comes to being able to raise tomato plants.  Still, we have figured out that you need short times for ripening and you need to keep your plants well supported.To that end, I decided to give this product a try.  Things that really interested me were the following:1.  Compact storage:  There is NEVER enough room to store all of the garden stuff an that especially applies to tomato cages.  Most are very bulky, but this one breaks down into small and easy to store pieces.2.  Moveable supports:  I have not yet found a tomato plant that will put it branches just where the preformed supports are in most tomato cages.  Thus, having the ability to move a support to where it is needed is great.3.  Metal stakes that are plastic coated:  The base construction of this unit uses plant supports that I have used for years in the garden.  They are basically hollow metal stakes that are plastic coated.  I have several that are over 15 years old and are still providing garden structure support.4.  Extra supports are available:  Amazon carries extra support cross members, but there is a catch, you have to have an order that totals more than $25 or they will delete it from your order!!!!  So, if you think you want extra supports, order them at the same time you order your plant supports!Here is what I liked about working with the product:1.  Very easy to assemble and the assembly can be accomplished either before the plant is in the ground or after the plant is in the ground.  Personally, I think it is much easier to put the unit together, install it in the ground, and then plant your plant.  Keep in mind that you MUST insert the legs of this unit at least 12 inches into your ground if you want it to provide good support for a heavy tomato plant!!!!!!!!!!!!  that is NOT mentioned anywhere in their instructions, but it is what most gardener's would do if they were building their own support.2.  Once assembled and installed in the ground, it is VERY easy to move support members around!!!  Remember to follow the directions about clipping the supports on from the inside and NOT from the outside.3.  The green color of the materials disappear into the foliage of the plants making it more visually appealing.Here is what I did not like about the product:1.  Amazon limiting the ability to order extra supports unless your total order is more than $25.  The way it is worded on the website, it looks like free shipping is limited unless the order is more than $25.  That is not what they are saying,  your ability to order it at all is limited to the fact that your total order must be at least $25 or they will remove it from your order.  This makes no sense to me since there are many low cost items that you can order on Amazon.  Thus, if you order some batteries for $5 and supports for $15 for a total order of $20, they will remove the supports from the order and only ship out the $5 of batteries!  What sense does that make???????????Overall, I am currently happy with the product, but will need to come back and update this after the growing season to be able to add how well this works with plants as they grow.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good and flexible support system.  Just remember my caution about including any additional supports you want with your order.
B000RUM0R4 At first glance this seemed pretty flimsy. The plastic coating fooled me into thinking that it was solid plastic for a moment.  But it's plastic coated steel, which makes for a robust and probably long-lived outdoor product.  Once assembled, it can actually stand on its own on a solid surface which is something one of those flimsy not-quite-wire-but-almost cages can't do.  It looks like it's going to support even the heaviest stalks without tipping over, which is something I have longed for in my tomato cages.  I'm tired of having to readjust them virtually every day.The modular design is really brilliant.  Getting bonked in the head by the uprights a couple of times during assembly is a fair trade-off for dealing with the wobbly, never-quite-fits-together-properly quality of lesser cages.  The cross-bars snap on and snap off easily making for compact winter storage as well as easy reassembly.The price is more than fair for what you get. I look forward to many years of tomato-growing with the Ultomato
B000RYL1BQ The current picture photo shows folding wings which can extend out to turn the compost.  The unit I received has no moving parts, but a welded piece that goes out into two posts.  Ultimately I'm happier with this design as it feels like it has much less change of breaking.  Although based on the looks of the 'winged' one it appears as it might have been easier to insert into the compost pile.It gets the job done, allowing you to insert it into the compost pile, turn and get it worked up.  I have let my compost bin go too long all to often, forgetting to rotate and move the compost, but this aerator is an easy way to get it stirred up.
B000RYL1BQ I started my first compost last summer.  Before then, my sum experience with compost was dumping coffee, peels, and veggie parts in a trench in my garden.  I made some mistakes with theGood Ideas EZCJR-BLK 7-Cubic-Foot Compost Wizard Jr., particularly in its placement.  It was in a back corner of my yard and even though I shoveled it out for a few months, eventually it ended up under a few feet of snow.  My sum total of compost was about a gallon.  I can't believe I put that much stuff in there and ended up with such a small amount.Back to the drawing board.  I went back to my garden compost and discovered that I had a lot of rich dirt that had continued after I abandoned it.  That is where is used the aerator, to pull the compost out and rotate it and move it around the garden.  The first few lifts of it were much heavier and it wasn't as easy to pull out.  But this aerater is exactly what I needed to rotate the ground.  It opens up as I pull it out, and it makes it do a lot, very easily.
B000RYL1BQ My daughter picked the compost project in last school year (middle school). It turned out not too bad for our garden. So, I kept doing compost for fertilizing our garden. This compost aerator is easy to get into the center of the compost pile. But the wings (or fins) at the bottom usually stick together and don't move the compost. Once a while, one of the wing does open when I pull this aerator out, but not always. Not sure if I does not use this tool correctly or I just got a bad unit.
B000RYL1BQ I agree with other reviewers (all of whom I read before ordering) about the wings not opening with regularity when plunging this tool into the compost pile.That being said, this tool has great thrust, is easy for even my arthritic hands to use, and doesn't require a lot of upper-body strength to do a reasonable turning session of a single compost pile.  I've taken the other reviewers suggestions to plunge it in at a slight angle then give it a twist to open the wings, before pulling it up. This seems to work well.  This is also how I discovered that my beloved BioBag Food Waste Bio Bags, 3 Gallon 25 ea that I use for composting, are NOT degrading at all (as they came up impaled on the wings), so now I simply empty them into my bins, and throw the bags into the regular trash.I'm hopeful that this tool speeds up the process of composting in my bins, especially now that the warmer weather is coming.  I do love all of that glorious black soil!
B000RYL1BQ I actually didn't realize there was a tool specific for this purpose until I saw this!I have a large compost bin, and tried using a shovel and a pitchfork to turn it over (which it needs regularly to make good compost).  Neither was effective or easy.This aerator is both -- it is a huge help in making compost.  Compost gets clumped very easily, especially during the rainy season, and this really helps to aerate it, as well as turn things under and keep things generally rotated.  I definitely recommend this to someone who composts a lot.
B000RYL1BQ If you have stationary compost binsand or compost diches this device is a mustfor keeping the compost active digestiongoing.It works and is sturdy.whatmorecanyousay
B000RYL2CY This does a great job of allowing me to use my front yard hose without crawling through shrubbery to get to the house spigot.  The shape and support leg are a benefit to stability.  I hadn't considered how I'd need a short extension hose to reach from it to the spigot, nor that I'd have to have a hose hanger next to it and have had to buy both to augment this unit.  But one benefit from having the extender separate from the hose holder is that I don't have to worry about the weight of the coiled hose tipping it nor will I have any issue accessing its spigot through the coils of a hose hanging over it.The unit goes into the ground pretty easily (I used a small sledge hammer on the support leg) and sinks far enough down to make it very sturdy.  It is a hollow square shape that allows dirt to fill in the middle of the buried part as you sink it.  You get better purchase in the ground than with a single rod structure.  Both my extender hose and regular hose attached with no leaks.  That's especially key with the extender hose since the spigot at the house is always on so you are counting on this unit to stop the flow when not in use.I had such an arrangement in the past but the extender was very low to the ground, where this one is about 18&#34; out of the ground and an easy height to access.  Its color is muted and blends in with the shrubbery so doesn't attract attention.
B000RYL2CY This would have been a great product if it didn't leak. It is all metal and has brass fittings. There are no plastic parts. I used some of that white teflon tape where the hose connection goes, but the part that connects the fitting to the pole also leaked. I had to use one of those plumbing/welding products to stop that leak. So far it is holding up.
B000RYL2CY Unfortunately I'm not able to recommend this product as it appears to have poor quality control. This arrived with a broken handle/hose bib despite no evidence of wear/tear to the box or packing. Basically unable to use in current condition and trying to find a replacement hose bib that fits to repair isn't worth the time or effort of driving across town with this thing in tow. AVOID.
B000RYL2CY I have two gardens, one off of each end of the house. They need a lot of watering. It's always been extra work adjusting the water flow from the hose. (Walking back and forth to the house each time). I tried the hose \"Y's\" which have a switch to adjust the flow at the garden, but they're on the ground, generally upside down and are hard to adjust since the levers are very small.The Bib Extender has been placed next to the garden with the hose attached. With the faucet on at the house, it is an easy and convenient way to adjust the water flow.  It is up a couple of feet and has a good faucet handle. The shaft which goes into the ground is very solid and the whole unit is simple. I did find that it is important to use a pliers to tighten the hose connection onto the Bib Extender to prevent leaks. I also find this true on the house faucets since the \"rubber\" seals are generally plastic, not rubber anymore. I have had the water on at the house for a few days and see no problem with leaking. I will just leave the water on at the house and use only the Bib Extender for turning on and off the water and making adjustments.As of May 24, 2014 the on/off handle broke off in just normal use. The product should not be purchased.
B000RYL2CY When driving this into the ground, I would recommend instead of pounding on the top of the main stake, use a stone or small cement block to pound on the perpendicular welded piece of metal that's attached about six inches from the bottom. The metal was welded on well enough there was no danger of deformation or detachment when I did so. A little paint did chip off, however. Because of this perpendicular piece of metal, you can only drive it down about 6\". If your soil is a bit looser on top, it's not deep enough to keep the stake from wobbling a bit, but enough to keep it in place.The connection threads are really short - less than half an inch for both sides. I would have liked it to be a little longer since I just feel as if there's a better, more secure connection that way. If you leave the included washer in on the incoming connection, the length to connect shortens to about 1/4 inch. I used teflon tape where I could, and have had no issues with leaking around the connections.The faucet points more horizontal than vertical so if you add connections (I attached a 4-way manifold), it juts out, I would estimate, about 70 degrees from the stake. Besides being unsightly, the water shoots out from my manifold mostly horizontally instead of down. It makes it difficult if you're just trying to drop water down from the faucet into a bucket or watering can. With a little testing, you can learn to open the faucet just enough with a low enough flow the water will flow mostly down, hold the bucket up next to the faucet, or just figure out where to place your bucket on the ground wherever the water ends up falling. More guesswork than I would like to bother with.This bib extender works for the basic need of placing a faucet in another location.
B000RYOAHS To cut to the chase - this isn't worth the current $35 price for my uses.I really like some of the design features on this cultivator.  I like how the rotary blade assemblies are modular and can be replaced one at a time, or simply removed one by one to allow for a different tilling pattern in your garden.  That's pretty cool.  I also like the twist-lock feature on the extendable handle, versus other tools that I have that screw to tighten.  At least for me, the handle was very easy to lock/unlock in position, and it didn't come loose when I was using it.While I do love the twist-lock on the handle, one downside is that you can only go between the two lengths of fully-retracted or fully-extended.  You can't customize the length anywhere in between.  The length worked for me, and I'm 5'9\".The reason for my rating this as just \"OK\" with three stars is that it didn't churn up my soil very well.  Yes, I put my back into it.  :)  I tried it on my lawn before reseeding, which was essentially compacted top soil, and also on a couple of other areas that have more loose dirt.  I wasn't too impressed by how much effort it took for so little turnover on the soil.  Now, that might just be because my soil is more compacted than most and that I really need a powered tiller, but unless you have looser soil - you might experience the same thing.So, I was impres
B000RYOAHS Everything about this product is well made and works well except for one thing...The handle bar collapses too easily during use.  The handle bar is a simple twist lock, much like my pruner's bars (which work very well).  And if you want to have a 1/2 length bar for tilling, then this product works great.  But, I suspect most people will want to stand while tilling, and the handle bar, even though well tightened, collapses too easily under regular use.So, while everything else about this cultivator is nicely made, this one fatal flaw prevents it from being truly useful.
B000RYOAHS I used this cultivator for my existing flower gardens and for a few smaller sections of hard-packed yard.In both areas, the cultivator worked well (though to be honest, if I needed to work hard-packed areas of the yard, I would use my electric cultivator).I found that the adjustable handle worked well. I initially had problems where it would collapse as I was using it. It turns out that you need to turn the handle until you hear a soft click. Once it clicks, the handle stays in place.Configuring the blades was also very easy. Each blade is screwed into place with a bolt that&#8217;s large enough so that it&#8217;s easy to turn. It took less than a minute to add or remove a blade.Overall, I liked using this cultivator.
B000RYPZQ8 i was so excited to get this until i saw that lowes had it for less.  was kicking myself for my impatience as i had just ordered it that morning and it was already too late to cancel.  the kneeler itself is great though hard to pull the spring to fold and open it
B000RYPZQ8 WONDERFUL TO USE WITH THE SUPPORT HANDLES ON EACH SIDE AND THE PADS KEEP MY KNEES FROM HEARTING AND EASY TO LIFT MYSELF UP.
B000RYPZQ8 I can't say enough about this Garden Butler.  It is QUALITY MADE and easy to use.  The side rails fold up easily but lock in place for a secure handle that you can raise yourself up with.  The kneeling pad is made of a thick foam that absorbs the pressure when you kneel down on your knees.  Makes it easy to plant and get down to ground level.  Well made and very much worth the price.  I really can kick myself for not getting one sooner.  Anyone with knee problems will love this thing.  I recommend it.
B000RYPZQ8 I have one of these that was given to me years ago, and it is still my favorite gardening 'tool'.  The paint still looks pretty good, the hinges still work, and the cushion is still soft on my old knees.  I love that in the kneeling position, the side rails give me help in getting up.  Also, I can quickly flip it over and it's a seat for taking off my shoes or just taking a load off.  I know my green-thumb daughter will love hers.
B000RYPZQ8 I bought this kneeler when I was having serious back and knee problems, since managed with physical therapy. But I still use this whenever I'm planting or weeding in the garden. It takes a load off my knees, protects them from cuts and scrapes, and helps take the strain off my back.After three years of use and storage outdoors in my garage, one of the foam pads fell off. Considering that it lives in a plastic bin on my rear deck year round, this is not too surprising; the temperature cycling, heat, and humidity probably dissolved the original thin glue layer. I re-attached the pad with  Gorilla Glue and it's good as new again.
B000RYPZQ8 The arthritis in my feet and knees has advanced enough in the past few years that I find it difficult to get up if I have to kneel down for something. Additionally, I have a bad meniscus in my right knee that often makes it painful to put my entire weight on that leg to push myself up to a standing position unassisted.I was putting my garden last month and was excited to find this Garden Kneeler and Seat here on Amazon. Turn it one way and it is a small elevated seat. Turn it the other and it is a low kneeler. The benefit of this kneeler over those ones that are just a free-standing foam pad is that this kneeler has sturdy steel \"arms\" that you can use to push yourself up from a kneeling to a standing position. You could easily use it in the house as well, for when you drop something and need to get down to pick it up. I found it to be stable--not wobbly at all--when I was pushing myself up from the kneeler.The kneeler comes folded up and you just have to pull the legs out to open it. This took a LITTLE doing but not bad. I actually keep mine in the out position all the time now instead of folding it and unfolding it all the time. My kneeler (in the seat position) sits just inside my garage door with my garden bucket and supplies on it, so I can quickly grab them and head out to the garden.When my kneeler first arrived, I found the material used to make the seat/kneeler part of the device to be odd. It feels like a dense version of the foam you use to make flower arrangements. As such, it does not give much when you kneel on it, but there is some give. I sat on the seat when I was out in the garden last week. Since it is so narrow, it would not be comfortable for me to sit on it for an extended time (as my behind is not narrow) but it certainly was comfortable enough for me to accomplish the task at hand.My concern about this foam-type substance used in the seat is that it may be difficult to clean if it became stained.  That remains to be seen.Please note that this seat/kneeler is never to be used as a stepstool and that the weight limit is 250 pounds. The kneeler itself weights 8.5 pounds.Definitely recommended.
B000RYPZQ8 I love this garden kneeler! I've been using it for two years and the hinges are still tight and strong. I use it both ways - sitting and kneeling. I have bad knees, so sometimes I find that it's hard to get up off of the ground after weeding. The Yard Butler is very sturdy and it's the right height, so I can push myself up smoothly without any issues. I don't always kneel on it, sometimes I'm beside it, but I still make sure it's within reach to help me get up.  It folds up for storage, so it's easy to tuck away when not in use. I have it hanging in my garden shed. When I bought this one two years ago, it was to replace one that I had for many years that disappeared. I can't imagine weeding without it.
B000S61YO2 Not sure what more to say about this. Does what it's meant to do, and does it well. My only concern is that the shaft that you put into the drill is round, and my drill is meant to hold square drill bits. I was afraid it wouldn't work, but it seemed to work just fine.
B000S61YO2 This very easily fit into the drill bit and we were able to dig smaller holes big enough in our hard ground to be able to put up a small fence to keep the chickens in their yard. Very happy with the reduced work load.
B000SDKGC6 Very easy to set, just insert in tunnel and STEP on the cocking mechanism. GOT ONE THE FIRST NIGHT. The double scissors means they are caught no matter which direction. This particular mole was making it dangerous to walk without twisting an  ankle.
B000SDKGC6 This is hard to rate as it has never been tripped. I catch a lot of moles with a cinch type trap, but these have not worked for me. I'm sure they work, but my moles go around them. It must be too large or something, but they apparently sense it. I'm not sure.
B000SP2JLU OUR OLD ONE FELL & BROKE BEYOND REPAIR.  COULD NOT FIND ONE AT THE USUAL RETAIL PLACES.  GOT THIS ONE FROM AMAZON AND IT IS THE SAME KIND.  WORKS WELL AND AT A FAIR PRICE.  THEY ONLY MODIFICATION I MADE ON MINE WAS TO TAKE THE CLEAR TUBE OUT AND USE CLEAR PACKING TAPE TO SEAL OFF THE TOP 4 OPENINGS.  OTHERWISE, THE BIRDS CAN EMPTY IT IN A MATTER OF HOURS.  IT WOULD BE NICE IF THE FEEDER COULD BE OFFERED WITH PLUGS.
B000SQ32MY About as simple a device as one good imagine.  Only holds about 5 3&#34; chlorine tablets, but it does the job.  I use two of these in place of an in-line chlorinater and it keeps chlorine levels stable in a 20,000 gallon Florida pool.
B000SQ32MY Had to replace a floater that had cracked up due to years of sun exposure.  This one was a very good price and looks to be sturdy enough to last as long as the last one.  Easy to use, screw off cap, fill with chlorine tabs, put cap back on and toss in pool.  Would give it five stars but it is not as \"deep\" as it looks in the picture---thought it would hold more tablets but that is not really an issue with the item, just how the picture appears onscreen.
B000SQ32MY For my inground pool, I went through 2 offline chlorinator systems in 20 years.  The parts didn't actually break, but I was not able to get the lid off of them.  The glue used to hold the chlorine tablets together eventually coats the screw on lids (since they're filled to the top with water), and even with an incredible amount of force I wasn't able to open them after a period of years.  I bought this one in order to get away from that problem and it appears to work well.  I'm a bit surprised at how little chlorine actually gets dissolved in this unit.  I put five 3&#34; tablets in, and after a week there was still about 2.5 tablets left.  It isn't summer yet, so algae isn't a problem at the moment.  Then again, the water isn't very warm.  Perhaps when the water warms up the tablets will dissolve faster.  I would go through 10 tablets a week in the offline chlorinators in the summer.
B000SQ32MY If you own a swimming pool I think it's important to own a Floating Chlorine Dispenser.  It's a great place to keep your chlorine tablets.Plus, whenever you head out of town there's a greater chance you will come home to a better-looking pool if you choose to put two or three chlorine tablets in this floater.  As you know, chlorine is important for swimming pool water.  Putting chlorine tablets inside this floater will make the pool water clean and safe.However, I recommend you tie the floater to the side of the pool instead of letting it float around.  That's because, if the pool is running, the floater might get stuck in the filter.  Always make sure the chlorine floater is tied to the side, away from the filter.
B000SQ32MY I like this product so much it was a life saver because I wanted chlorine in my pool it didn't have a solution until I found this it is a simple solution to chlorine dispensing. Very inexpensive. Opens easily. Dispenses the chlorine effectively.It even has a sliding &#34;door&#34; that allows you to increase/decrease the amount of water flowing through the chlorinator; I've left in on &#34;full open&#34;, but this is a nice feature, I would think, if you need a slower dispersal rate.I haven't elected to tie it to the side of my pool as one reviewer suggests, but simply let it float around the pool and it doesn't seem to get drawn to the skimmers as I think the reviewer was suggesting it might. Just floats around the pool doing its job. ThanksMay 7, 2014 Update I tied this last to side of pool with string the floating around didn't as I though it would work for me .
B000SQ32MY I used to buy the expensive animal-shaped ones, but they always die within a year in the Arizona sun. I will update this review once I know how survivable it is, but in the mean time for the price you can't beat it. Easily holds 4 regular (3\") chlorine tabs.If I was going to nitpick, and it isn't enough to adjust my rating, the fact that it's so well balanced means it doesn't start to tip when the pucks are almost used - I used to consider that a feature of other models so I didn't have to fish it out and check the tab status.
B000SQ32MY Before they get so ratty and discolored that I want to replace them.  I am happy with it and I would order again if I had the need.
B000SQ32MY I have an 18' round pool and bought this to replace an old one that the lid wouldn't stay on anymore.  This one works great but it is about twice the size of the one I had previously (8 or 9&#34; across)  It still works fine but I guess i was expecting this to be the same size as the last one.
B000SQ32MY I fired my pool guy who loved to over chlorinate and never acidified my pool &#8230; that is, when he showed up, if he showed up at all.  This, a creepy crawley, and a little muriatic acid are keeping my pool sparkly clean.
B000SQ32MY It's only been one season so far. It holds the 3&#34; tabs easily, floats around the pool without real fuss. We had maybe 10 kids in there and it didn't split open or otherwise get damage. now it's just about longevity I guess.
B000SQ32MY Does the job, but sometimes the lid doesn't stay on.  I like to fill it up with 3 chlorine tablets and then throw this sucker back into the pool.  Unfortunately throwing it sometimes causes the lid to disconnect, open up, and tablets at the bottom of my pool.  No more throwing!  Other than that, this works well.
B000SQ32MY This item was a great buy. It was reasonably priced and seems to be lasting longer than other similar products like this that I have owned.
B000UGT94C Have to get more of these!The only thing is they get stuck to one another from I guess how they make them so don't try to pull them out with a wrench like my husband tried or they will tear!  Other then that they are great!
B000UHDDJI This is my 3rd purchase of all different sizes.  None of the hoses had any issues when used for the past 2 years.  The recent one I bought had a small leak when connecting the male end into a hand sprayer.  I used plumbers tape to create a tight seal within the threads and it fixed the problem.  I think it was the hand sprayer that actually had the problem and not the hose.  I had purchased a hose from Home Depot before I purchased these hoses and that hose looks like it got stung by mosquitos.  There's bumps all over the hose which indicates a weak inner casing.These platinum hoses have been sitting out in the Summer Heat and have also sat out all Winter long.  No cracks, bumps, or signs of wear and tear due to the elements.  Although the hose does kink it is easily fixed if you handle and store it correctly.  I don't think there's a hose out there that doesn't kink and has these great qualities and materials.  The large rubber grip and spring are a plus.  IMO it's easier to tighten and loosen than using the standard metal coupling on standard hoses.  I can see that all of my hoses will last for years to come.
B000UHDDJI I ordered two of these hoses plus a hose reel IN THE SAME ORDER.  I emphasize the order as the hose is fine...reel is great...but the hose feature..the Trip Grip Collar..would be great if I was hooking to the hose to a faucet....but the collar is so big around it won't fit on the male connector on the reel.  It took two hours to cut the molded plastic collar from the hose to give enough room to hook it to the reel.  I don't blame the hose..or the reel...I blame the guy who pulled these things off a shelf to ship them or someone up the line from him/her who should know their products well enough to realize if I ordered the hose and reel together I planned to use them together.  This was not a pleasant experience.The hose reel, by the way, is a Ames Sidewinder and this makes my second, replacing a couple of Suncrest that just broke where connected to the house. The plastic was not intended to work with a 100 foot hose, which is what was advertised.  It not only did not easily hold 100 feet but was too heavy for the plastic reel.
B000UHDDJI This is a very substantial hose, that is, it doesn't feel cheap.  It is thick, which you'd expect with the extra plies.  I think that makes it just a bit heavier than a standard hose, but I think it's worth it.  I don't have any trouble moving it around the lawn or garden, and so far, anyway, there is not even a whisper of a kink. I don't see how it could, the walls are thick and smooth.The first time we attached it to the faucet, it leaked a lot from underneath the black covering.  But we took it off and made another try at screwing it in, and the second time it seated right and now there is no leak whatsoever.At 5/8\" it carries a LOT of water. This also means filling up the watering can quickly.I couldn't wait to throw our old kinked-out hose away and couldn't be happier with this one. Really an excellent hose.//////////////////////////November 1, 2011Adding onto my review just to say, I've been using the hose all summer, now, and it is truly a wonderful hose. Not a kink in sight, either.
B000UHDDJI UPDATE- Year later even nastier at the one connection - now to do as one person did and break the collar............ The COIL/Spring there already shifted out.....6/9/2012 Originally there was Much aggravation on my second of the same hose rec'd today - tried 9 times at spigot - and then even unto the other one - adding pictures - only difference is less leakage when ** connecting to the 1st one **  - Yet not acceptable as more from under collar also -UPDATE: 6/17/2012: picture after a Gilmour* washer inserted - Zip fix*********************************************************************It does loop/link if you don't watch it when walking with it but impressed with the weight and durability reviews - this will not go on a reel or into a hose house as they can damage a hose big time.
B000UJZCBS I have used the peanut butter Suit cakes from this company with great success to the point the birds fought over it, HOWEVER this Suit DD-24 melt into a blob in 90 - 100 degree temperatures we have been having and the birds take one peck and leave it for seeds. Now I'm stuck with 11 more of these things.If my birds become active (I'll give it another 2 weeks) with this I'll update and make an edit but right now it's thumbs down and I should have ordered more of what worked before (peanut butter suit).
B000UJZCBS My wildlife loves this.  One will last about 3-4 days and only overnight if the raccoon comes.  When they like it I keep buying it.Since we take up more and more of their environment I think it's only fair to give them a helping hand.  It's getting cold out there and a full belly helps them stay warm.
B000UJZCBS We have used this for years.  While the peanut version is a bit more popular, this one is good an is cheaper.  Recommended.
B000V1UU6M This doesn't take on the tough stuff but it will do good as a light cleaner. I will stick with simple green in the future and just rinse good.
B000V1UU6M Like anything else that cleans, you usually have to use a little elbow grease to make these cleaners work.  If you leave this product on for a few minutes and then brush grill with a steel brush, most (not all) of the junk comes off.  A second coating usually will do the trick unless it is super gross black oil/charcoal stuff baked on.  At least you don't inhale all kinds of naseous fumes like some products.
B000V1UU6M I used this product to clean the grates in the kitchen sink. The scent is rather strong and I would recommend cleaning outside if possible.
B000V1UU6M This product can e used only on cool grill grates. I use it periodically to \"fine tune\" my cleaning.I remove the grill grates from the grill, spray this on, let it penetrate for a couple of minutes, and then use myGrill Brush 18\" - Heavy Duty BBQ Tool, which I dip repeatedly into water while scraping. Afterwards I use paper towels to wipe down the grill grates. Although the directions say to use papers towels in the first instance, using a grill brush first is much more effective.I agree with the leading negative review that this product will not make a dent in \"carbonized food\", i.e. those sections of the grill grates that now have a smooth black finish. But that's only a small portion of my grill grates. With this product and my grill brush I have been able to restore the rest of the surfaces to looking brand new--though lots of \"elbow grease\" is required. I'm not really that concerned with the carbonized sections, though I can use Easy Off if I want to on them.But unlike Easy Off, this product is non corrosive and non toxic. It's a lot safer to handle.Bottom line: Except for sections of grates that have carbonized food, this works really well provided you use it with a grill brush.
B000VC1AOM This little gizmo has saved my @$$ on several gigs, when it located pins I needed, to do surveys. It also found a very expensive, very small, specialized tool that another crew member dropped in the tall grass.  Highly recommended.
B000VC1AOM I purchased this metal detector because of its simple use for the beginner and tha attractive price. Out of the box I installed two fresh Duracell 9 volt alkaline batteries. Started to scan my yard and uncovered 2 quarters that were down about an inch. Also found an old token. Not bad for the first few minutes. I gave the unit a 4 star for the following reasons. 1). The unit started to randomly go off after the second day of use. There was no low battery signal but I checked the 9 volt batteries and they were at 8.46 volts. I replaced the batteries and the unit was fine. 2). There is NO volume button. So, if you are using it with the speaker everyone around you will know you are looking for treasures unless you use headphones. 3). The unit is extremely lightweight; however, the plastic screen on the LCD readout is flimsy and can damage easily.  4). The coin setting will also pick up other metals, like aluminum. Nice starter unit; however the battery consumption needs to be looked at. I will most likely invest in one of the more advanced units at some point.
B000VC1AOM The metal detector I received isn't what I ordered. When I go to the orders page there's no Seller Feedback button to contact Amazon to find out what I have. The area where the model name/number is usually placed is blank and the only indication of it's identity is where &#34;Bounty Hunter&#34; is printed on the face of the control box. The Owners Manual says Quick Draw II BUT the face of the control box isn't the same as the Owners Manual or the pictures of the Quick Draw II on Amazon, Kellyco or Youtube videos. I don't know what I received because it doesn't have a model name or number on it and Amazon doesn't have a seller feedback button on my &#34;Orders&#34; page to contact the seller. It may be an upgrade from the original model I ordered but so far I can't figure out what I have. The control box face is the same as the Pioneer 202 but the name isn't on the face. Looks to me like they repackaged a bunch of stuff and sent it without thinking about the Owners Manual not being the same as the model they sent. I'm a little irritated with Amazon for not leaving me a way to resolve this issue. The product may in fact be OK but I'd like to know what the product is and get the correct Owners Manual for it so I can adjust it to it's best performance.
B000VC1AOM It appears to just randomly beep!Sweeping the same area gives different results very time. No volume control, so when it beeps its very annoying.I tried to locate some buried copper wires without success. They are buried 1 foot deep and this thing missed them and then beeped in other areas doing one pass but not the other. I even went over an area that had the clear line of where the ire was buried, and it didn't beep once.Yawn. Waste of time.
B000VC1AOM I really dont know what to say about this detector.  Thats because I never had a chance to use it. After unpacking it, I find that the face of the detector is cracked.  I decided to see if it work, to get an idea if I wanted to replace it or just get a refund, it did nothing but hummmmm.  So I cant really give a honest review on the workings of this detector. The packaging was standard.  Cardboard box with slots to hold the detector in place. So I dont know if the box was dropped during shipment or if it was packaged that way. I have nothing but high marks for Amazon, so Im hoping it wasnt package with the equipment broken.Ive decided to buy one around my home town, so when I do, I will come back with an update. Till then, keep shopping with Amazon.
B000VOECSG Before I start this review, I do need to preface it with the fact that I ordered this from the Warehouse deals section here in amazon.  It was used, so I don't know if that is a factor or not.That said, we had to return this saw.  It never did cut through anything at all.  The chain kept falling off, no matter how many times we put the thing back on, it just wouldn't stay on.  Even took it to our neighbor, who is quite the handyman to look at and well, his opinion of it - you really can't say those types of words here!  I suppose if we reordered it again, new this time, that it might be different.  I'm not taking a chance, however, and I'm ordering the McCulloch here on amazon instead.  We've had 50 years of success with their chainsaws and well, guess I should have ordered that one in the first place.My purpose for writing this review is a bit of a beware if you're ordering something like this from Amazon's warehouse deals.  They don't check them very well sometimes when someone returns them and you can really wind up with a \"dud.\"  Something as dangerous as a chainsaw can be, that could be quite worrisome.  I've had other items from the warehouse that had mismatched parts and after I returned them, they put them back online for someone else to buy!  Brother!  Just be careful, sometimes you really get what you pay for, or don't, in this situation.
B000VOECSG I had a 30-foot-tall pine tree fall in a recent storm and bought this 14\" Remington Limb & Trim to deal with it. The maximum diameter of the trunk was maybe 8 inches.Despite my lack of any chainsaw experience, in about 30 minutes, I had all the branches in a nice pile, and the trunk was cut into manageable, firewood-size pieces.The saw is lightweight and very easy to use - just fill the oil reservoir with a little motor oil, push the oil bulb a few times, plug it in and go. I never felt like the saw was going to kick back and it feels very solid in my hands. That said, I can't imagine this would be of much use to someone cutting up huge, 14-inch diameter trees, but for light-duty cutting and limb trimming, it seems perfect.Even though it's a small saw, always wear eye protection and ear protection (it is somewhat loud, though quieter than a gas saw.) And read the manual - it's not like a TV, you can actually maim yourself if you're not careful!I will revise this review if I find that the saw doesn't last long.
B000VOECSG I originally purchased this saw to do some pruning and that's what my original review was based upon. I'm updating that review now after using it for nearly 18-months. As a general purpose chainsaw it has a few issues but they seem much more minor now than when I first used it in 2012. The two most notable issues are that the chain pops off easily and the oil system leaks. The more I used it the better I got at not doing the things that bind the chain and cause it to pop off... you can't angle the bar at all once you start cutting but my gas saw is much more forgiving on that point. I have a 20\" gas McCulloch chainsaw from the 80's that I was using most of the time but it's heavy and I don't like to use it sideways and/or near the ground because it's a beast to handle and if the chain hits the dirt I have to stop to sharpen it. I had some large stumps I wanted to cut even with the ground so I wanted something lightweight to do it and that's the only reason I purchased this and it did what I wanted it to... even on stumps over 12\" in diameter by walking it around the stump. I was prepared to put up with some of the criticisms other reviews have mentioned and it's because of those that I didn't recommend this as a go-to saw for all cutting. However, I reach for this saw first now whenever I have to cut within 100\" of my outside outlets... there's a drop in torque which is expected but it still performs adequately. I would recommend this saw as a general purpose tool and I use it for cutting all my rounds because it's lightweight, I can use it one-handed and it's quick to sharpen the blade... though it's hard to keep the cord plugged in tightly all the time. I feel a bit safer with my gas saw because it's built well, the weight of the saw makes horizontal cutting easy and the chain has never popped off... but gas, difficulty in starting and the weight of it are issues... but once you get about 100' from an outlet that's about all I can use. If you run this saw on more than 100' of cord it will likely not last too long and I use a 50' cord whenever possible by dragging the trees closer to the outlet.I use this saw whenever possible... and definitely for low horizontal cutting and whenever I'm on a ladder... because it's so lightweight. It's also very easy to use when trimming off the branches after a tree is down because you have a hand free to maneuver around. I paid about 42 bucks for it and it was a good deal... I cut about 2-cords of wood before I had to sharpen the blade and the blade on mine was a decent one from Oregon. I was using a reciprocating saw but this cuts much faster than I thought it would so I use it all the time now. I think the best feature is that it's always ready to go... no issues with gas mixing, gas pouring, spark plugs, clogged carburetor, dirty air filter, starting issues, pull chains or weight issues. The standard rounds I cut are 6-10\" and there's no way this saw bogs down doing it... and the oil is standard 30-weight automotive so that's also easy to handle. Some love it and some don't but I cut a lot of wood for my two wood stoves and I don't have a serious negative about this saw.
B000VU222S I had lower back disk fusion surgery 3 months ago. In my post-surgical state I have trouble bending and lifting heavy objects. But I can work the Toro Power Shovel! I bought it with low expectation, thinking that either it will not work well or that I will have trouble with it due to my current physical limitation. Surprisingly, neither concern materialized. Toro easily chopped through 10 inch snow bank left from 18 inches that fell a few days ago, and I was able to push it through the snow as well as move it up and down the stairs to the house. In some areas I was able to push it one handed which was an easier position on my back, and sometimes I needed the second hand to get through a tougher spot. The handle is adjustable so with the highest position I don't have to bend too much.Wet snow update:I am updating this review after the first wet snow. Toro power shovel handled it well! It was a little harder to push, but I found that I could brace the handle on my thigh and that allowed me to push with my leg rather than my injured back. Then it was easy!The hardest thing to deal was not the show shovel itself, but the 100 feet of electric cord, which was heavy, unwieldy and became almost unmanageable to coil back, especially when it became cold and covered with snow. The electric caddy was not much help, it was hard to control. Putting back the cord tired me out more than shoveling itself.I found that the Toro power shovel was stable without having to lean it against a wall when I put it a big plastic storage bin (see picture). This way when I bring the shovel in and the snow melts I will not have a puddle on the floor. The caddy with the electrical cord fit nicely on top of the shovel in the bucket (see picture).This product is build for a right-handed person.Update:I found a solution for an electric cord winding - it is called Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank:Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank Extension Cord WinderAli Julia review
B000VU222S Our neighbor has an ancient Toro power shovel and has been kind enough to loan it to us on several occasions.  Each year as we thought of getting one, they were sold out, and snow wasn't imminent.So this year we ordered one and while it is not as wide a span as our neighbor's older one, it did seem to have more power.A few days after our purchase and initial use, our Consumer's Reports mag. arrived and rated this shovel 15 out of 100!  We also experienced a major snow storm with accumulation in some areas of 30 inches.But, we do find it does help quite a bit.  It is not one of the highly touted power models, but neither is the price.  We don't have a huge area to clean and it assists with our regular shovel to help clear the snow away.There is definitely a knack to using it and its most difficult feature is manueverability in small path areas since you have to use it on a slight curve.All in all we are keeping it, using it, but consider it just another welcome adjunct tool in removing the dreaded snow accumulation on our property.
B000VU222S One of those products that again, makes you wonder, \"What took them so long?\" When you hear of how many people have had heart attacks shoveling snow, this just seems like one of those \"obvious\" inventions. Not everyone has enough space to warrant purchasing a huge snow blower so well, what to do? We grabbed this machine the first year it came out and boy, has it been awesome! We've been bad too - blowing more inches that it was supposed to at at time but no matter, this guy just keeps on going! But one of the best things we've noticed is that it really comes in handy when looking for something for your elderly grandmother or grandparents to use. You just plug the thing in and go! No more worrying about them falling on the ice and snow, this thing just pushes like a vacuum cleaner and they have clear steps. Of course, you can do it yourself to really make sure but sometimes, that isn't possible in snowy weather. The kids think they're pretty fun too - they don't mind helping out with the shoveling when you have this thing around.  It shoots snow 12 feet into the all, making it look like a blizzard.  Lots of giggles on that!  But make sure you keep them out of the way of it though - too easy to pick up projectiles if you're not careful.All-in-all, this machine is really a lifesaver, one that we've appreciated for the past 10 years. Recommend!
B000VU222S This is review written with Montana winter experience.The reviews were generally good with this item so I bought one, mainly for the convenience of easily cleaning the drawbridge, walkways, entry, and in front of my garage without a shovel.This device is pre-assembled, easily carried, easy to use, fast, quiet, and very user friendly.  The only drawback is not with the machine; it is getting a low temperature cord that remains flexible in the cold.  I suggest the yellow Solar cord that is good to about -50 offered through Amazon. To keep the cord out of the way always completely clean the area closest to the electrical outlet and progress forward; do not go way forward and back-track.  I use it like I use a vacuum.Overall excellent!!  It takes the snow right down to the ground and even gets the hard compacted snow from where the cars enter the garage without a problem.  Very fast, and you can easily change the length of the shaft so you do not have to bend over.  The blade is plastic but seems very durable; it has run into some small objects, plant edges, and small rocks and I notice no wear after several uses.  My wife is happy to not shovel, and it is easy on her bad back, and mine.I give it 5 stars easily, and and am buying one for the office with a low temp. 100 ft. cord.  So far I highly recommend this device for the easily accessable areas of traffic when you don't want to haul out the gas driven blowers, or shovel, or snow plow.  It will even tackle drifts with ease if you take your time and start waving it across the top.  It is fast and simple to use.  The Broom model is more expensive but is only needed if you decide to change the blade and use it for summer-time dirt blowing.  This model is a great one for just snow and is at a great price.  Don't expect it to be durable for heavy slush, ice, deep snow, or large areas like driveways.Hope this helps.Update 12-29-07Excell
B000VU222S We were getting snow about 5 days before Christmas so my wife asked me if I wanted one of my presents early.  I knew she meant this one and I was quite pleased. We got about 5 inches of light powdery stuff before I went outside to start this up. I can report it worked very well on that type of snow.  It shoots it out mush further than I thought it would, at least 12 to 15 feet.  You have to work with whatever wind there is, but this was a great tool to have around. We haven't had any further snow, but I would recommend this for dry snow falls with no reservation at all.
B000VU222S I read all the reviews and decided that the Positives had it! It arrived, already opended. I waited for snow and got excited to use the new tool to save my back. Wrong, it about broke it. Made sure I had it right. Had to pick it up and sit it down every inch then it only spit the snow at me no matter which way the wind was blowing.Clogged with 2 inches of snow and stopped altogether. I guess I got a deffective one thank goodness Amazon is paying for the return. Would have been good if it worked.I gave it a 3 since mine didn't work :( Maybe others will have better luck.
B000VU222S This is one nice tool, as long as you're using it for the purpose intended.  It's not going to handle a snow accumulation of more than six inches without doing other work to reduce the accumulation to six inches, and six inches is going to be pretty slow going.  Its nominal twenty-inch swath means that it's going to take a while to clean off a big driveway of any size.  It shoots snow out its front; if you want to change the direction that the snow is going, you have to change the direction that you're pointing the snow thrower.  It has, however, cut the time for me to clear a 70' X 20' driveway of a couple of inches of snow by about 50%, and that's been well worth the price for me.
B000VU222S Never thought of Central Virginia as a haven for snow, but the Winter of 2010 and this Winter (2013/14) have proven to be just that. Not snows like Upstate NY mind you, but multiple snows this year of four or more inches, and in 2010/11 we had snow walls (resulting from shoveling and snow plows) approaching five feet tall.This little snow shovel was on sale a few years ago for about seventy bucks with shipping included, so we grabbed it up. Excellent deal -- it is not a big shovel, only cutting a path about one foot wide at a time, and only dealing with about six inches of snow depth at a time. Still... that has been exactly what we needed, and it throws the snow 15 to 20 feet forward.To be effective with it, I have been clearing our 60 foot long x 20 feet wide driveway off at an angle, throwing the snow forward toward our yard and our neighbor's yard (shhh... please don't tell them!). Most of the snow we have been receiving has been of the light, fluffy variety and this blower works perfectly with that stuff. All you have to do is make sure that you are not blowing the light snow into the wind or else it will blow right back in your face. Blowing with the wind is optimal, if you can plan it that way.The driveway job averages about 45 minutes, give or take a few. Moving the snow off of the driveway allows the sun to get to its surface, heating the surface up helping to further melt the remaining ice/snow which allows the driveway to dry off a bit. Nice to end up with a dry, clear driveway instead of having to worry about slipping and falling all the time. Thankfully, I have a slew of commercial grade extension cords that allow me to plow the entire driveway and even about 30 feet or so of the cul-d-sac we live on. Good deal.The blower is fairly lightweight so I never felt like my arm was going to fall off, even though I would use it for an hour or more at a time. The handle is also nicely placed to allow easy pushing and balancing, which surely helped keep the fatigue away.Is the blower perfect? No... we have an aggregate stone driveway and, once you get down to the base level past the snow, the blower does become very difficult to push along and its skid plate shows associated wear & tear. If it had some sort of small wheels or a skid plate that was thicker, it might help. On asphalt this is not an issue at all. If the thrower portion had built in louvers allowing me to modify the direction that the snow was being thrown, jobs would be a ton easier as I could just go straight down the driveway - directing the snow as needed. Other than those two things, this blower works well for the snow amounts we typically have here in Virginia.If you are looking for an electric snow shovel of this size and style, and if your conditions are like those that we experience as described above, then we would recommend this unit to you.  If you are trying to move large volumes of snow in a high snow region, then a bigger unit is probably better for your needs.Recommended
B000VU222S The power shovel is very narrow; much narrower than an actual shovel and with only a half inch of snow it struggles if you go too fast.  I'd guess this is a tiny improvement time-wise over shoveling manually but it does eliminate having to throw the snow so if you have a bad back you might like this little machine.  I used it once, and after that used a shovel.  By the time I got the extension cord out, plugged it in, and then put all that back together I just didn't feel like the job was much easier (if at all) or took much less time (if at all).  This is a purchase I regret - even though I got it on sale for $50.
B000VU222S I really so wanted this to be a 5 star rating, but!I ordered this after the snows of last year to be ready for the new year snow.  I only needed it now because some neighborhood boys made me an offer I could not refuse and they shoveled me out the last snow.But the Mid Adlantic storm hit us hard in Jersey and I could not get any takers so I dug out my new machine.I bundled up with scarf and hat and I was ready.I was so excited to try my new toy.I pluged it in and nothing!!! Not even a whirrrr. Nothing.I changed outlets, a different cord still NOTHING!!I had to shovel what I have 'cause another one is coming tomorrow, urgh!I took it back to our local place I got it from and asked if they possibly had another, no.There were 5 standing in the corner, dare I ask? They all did not start and were going back I am not too angry, in fact I am going to try again since I believe it is a good product in general.If I hear anyone mention that granny (that is me) should not use this because it is heavy I will scream. They can come to my house and try out how heavy it is to shovel 2 feet of snow with a hand shovel.  I know I would have to shave the snow blah blah blah, but I know it would be a lot easier than what I just did.Don't even mention condos (been there done that) and nursing homes (will never do that), I can probably shovel faster and longer than any youngen'  :)If I get another one that works I hope I can up the rating, I am happy it works for most of you. Happy shoveling
B000VU4KM8 I'll just write this review and then go out and clear my neighbor's yard of leaves! That's how much I like this product.First off, I like the size of the collection bag.  When you're petite like me, those huge bags from other makers are just too big.  Another plus is the lever that lets you quickly switch from vacuum mode to blower.  The blower power and vacuum suction are impressive, and it does an exceptional job of mulching leaves for my Winter garden.This is the second WORX yard machine I've bought, and I'm enjoying both of them.  I think they produce a quality product that makes yard work more fun than drudgery.
B000VU4KM8 I have two gas powered blower vacs. While both work great, they are heavy and cumbersome to use for small jobs such as clearing off the back patio. So, thought an electric would be the way to go since I could store it by the back door without any concern about leaking gas/oil.Looked at serval models, and settled on the Worx for two reasons: 1) I have one of their chain saws and have been very pleased with it; and 2) they offer the quick-shift ability from blower to vac. I have that on one of my gas blowers and absolutely love it. While the quick shift design does rob some blowing power, it more than makes up for it with ease of use.There are a couple of other quick-shift electric blower/vacs out there (models from Ryobi, Troy-Bilt and Yardman) but the Worx seemed to be better-built, and has a more user-friendly bag design.After several uses I am 100% satisfied with my purchase. The blowing power is adequate. It won't compete with a good gas blower, but it gets the job done, especially on hard surfaces. The vac performance is excellent. Pulled in all sorts of leaves, twigs and mulched them up very well. Even held its own when it came to wet leaves, which are a challenge even for a gas machine. Took longer, but Worx snarfed them up.Weight is great - compared with a gas model, this is a featherweight. Also love the fact that you can access the impeller to clear out clogs without using any tools. Nice, thoughtful design feature.I have mixed feelings about the bent nozzle. On the plus side, it comes in handy for some tasks, such as using the vac under a table or to get the leaves that pack around the base of bushes. But, on level surfaces it is a bit of a pain since you have to stoop a bit. I'm 6 ft 2in, so if you're shorter that won't be a problem.The bag construction is decent. Not as robust as the bag on my Stihl, but seems like it will last for some time. The collection bags on any blower vac are its Achilles heel. I've found that extending bag life is possible if you take it easy with the zipper, don't fill it to bursting, and leave it open to dry when not in use. Plan on replacing the zipper after a couple of years. It's easy to do - just cut the teeth off the old one, and sew the new one (a long, heavy-duty jacket zipper) over the old. It won't look tidy, but it's fast, easy and works. Done it a few times with other bags on other blowers.While I'll continue to use a gas blower in the fall for the big jobs, this guy is much lighter, quieter and easier to use for the smaller jobs. Highly recommend.
B000VU4KM8 The good news is that this vacuum really sucks. It gobbled up the leaves and sent them into the bag just as it was intended to do. The blower feature provides a decent blow although not overwhelming. It is easy to switch between vacuum and blower.The bad news is that this unit is fairly heavy unless you are young and in excellent physical condition. A strap is provided which apparently is intended to assist in carrying the unit. However, I have not been able to situate the strap in a way that keeps the bag in its proper place. If I put the strap on the shoulder opposite the side where the unit is held then the bag is all wrapped up around me. If I put it on the shoulder of the same side as the unit then the strap slides right off. Very frustating.I am a Worx fan and have purchased all of their lithium ion battery operated cordless devices and plan to buy more when/if they become available. My only issue with Worx has been that they provide very lame user guides. However, this TriVac has been put on the market prematurely IMHO. This product has potential but needs more attention to detail by a savvy engineer. I cannot recommend this product in its current configuration.
B000VU4KM8 The Worx TriVac is an awesome blower / vacuum although I mostly use it for the vacuum feature. It sucks up and grinds up leaves and clippings without hesitation. The bag is big enough to accommodate a lot of material so you are not constantly needing to stop and empty it, while at the same time it is not so big that its uncomfortable while working.My only complaint is the cord. I know that batteries are getting better all the time and will eventually get to tools like this and I look forward to that. I have a fairly large yard and linking up extension cords and whipping them around during leaf cleanup can be a bit of a task in itself. That is not a fault of the product though, the tool works amazing and is the best I have owned (previously owned 2 Craftsman models, 1 Toro) and they all broke in some manner that was unfix-able within a season or 2 of light use.
B000VXYV6K I liked this because it didn't need a collar around the animal to work. I thought that it would, therefore, be good to keep raccoons and possums away from the chicken coop at night. I knew I couldn't turn it on during the day when the chickens were near it but I didn't realize it would injure any animal under 30 pounds.For me that was too dangerous. I wanted to protect but not kill the stray little cat that wanders my yard nor my little dog when I come to visit the chickens...didn't want to electrocute all the birds that landed on the fence either.Things I hadn't thought about.I can't hardly fault the fence...this is what it's made to do. but I do wish that somehow I could adjust it as it's made for animals 30 lbs and over but not safe for those below it.And that's lots of animals. Yes, it would protect against what I wanted it to but a bit scary that it's unsafe for the rest so it's nothing something I can use unless I know a predator is in the area.So let's get to how it works. It's a great size fence for the area...can go on for a mile. It is basic but a little tricky to set up.It does work and for someone protecting their animals from predators I have to love it for that. Many electrical fences wouldn't because they won't work without a collar. If someone is losing pets or chickens or whatever to a known predator I believe this would be a good fence.For example, to keep coyotes away.But for me there are too many other gentle creatures it zaps to be able to use it day to day. However, because it does have its' uses and because I have spotted predators and this could help me sleep nights in those times, it serves what it needs to for what we need to protect.
B000VXYV6K This is great either as a small animal type fencing unit or as a starter kit for something bigger. With the wiring and the battery pack provided we were able to create our own, operating barrier that mounts across our privacy fence to help as a deterrent for deer. So far we are really pleased with the adaptability of this product.
B000VXYV6K I put this on hubby's \"to do\" list and after waiting for over a week, I finally bit the bullet and decided to put this together myself. I dread putting stuff together (I thought that was a perk of getting married!). I was surprised that, with careful reading and patience, I was able to do this myself.I was a bit doubtful that this would work but was quite surprised that our dogs who love digging in our garden tried to get into the garden ONCE and since then, they don't even go near it. FINALLY!!! I'm really excited because next year I can go wild in the garden and plant the new things I held off on, knowing the frustration of having the dogs trample through the veggies/herbs.I think it's priced quite nicely and wouldn't hesitate to recommend to anyone. If I can put this together, anyone can!
B000VXYV6K SS-750RPX is simple, effective, easy to install, unless the ground is hard, and ugly. It is good for dogs, which are easy to train and remember, but not as much for cats, if highly agitated, excited, or intent on hunting. The thrill of the chase coupled with the desire to kill may erase any memory of the electric shock. An intensely chasing cat is likely to break through an electric fence, despite the shock. Some cats are easily startled or frightened, and the survival instinct of escaping a threat may push them through the fence far away from the threat & ensuing shock. Once shocked, the cat may not want to come back for being afraid of another shock.
B000VXYV6K Hooked up this electric fence around my garbage cans that something keeps knocking over.  Figured an electrified, bare 120v AC wire would do the job quicker, but I didn't want a bunch of charred critters laying outside.  Using this electric fence, I am absolutely certain that I won't have any charred critters around...even if they took a nap on the wire.The system is pretty easy to setup; it would have been nicer if it would have came with a bit more rebar for each of the plastic fence posts, as they're kind of flimsy and you're just supposed to bury them a couple inches deep.  It's really not very secure to begin with.  Alas I hooked the thing up in a big box around 2 trash cans and a recycle bin.  Nice tight, tense wire was almost invisible unless you were looking for it, and hooked up to the power box, which was hooked up to the ground...plugged it in, and the light started flashing.  BINGO!  Next time something comes to knock over a trash can, *ZAP!*Not so much.Like any man would, I figured I should test it out.  I didn't feel a thing.  Absolutely nothing.  I could have snorted half the wire up my nose and hacked it out of my mouth and not been any worse for the wear.  I checked to make sure nothing was touching to short/ground out - everything was tense, straight, the ground was hooked up correctly...and...maybe I just have remarkably thick skin, I thought to myself.I went to bed able to see the obnoxious flashing light telling me that my trash can was protected.  I woke up to a knocked over trash can, with one of the bags dragged over the wires, bending it quite a bit, and leaving the wires resting nicely on the cold, moist ground.And now the thing never flashes.It certainly didn't work for me.  Re-stringing the wire doesn't work, the fuses aren't burned out, all the connections are fine, it just doesn't work.  If it DID work, I think it'd be a pretty nice little fence based on the easy of installation and price.  Wouldn't recommend...unless wherever you buy it has a generous return policy, just in case.
B000VXYV6K This kit comes with basically everything needed to set-up a small electric fence deterrent including the main unit, wire, stakes etc...however, even though the description indicates a 1 mile range, these are a lot like walkie-talkie radio's...the range is always grossly exaggerated. This is one of the smallest electric fence kits available but as such, is perfect for our needs which is to keep neighborhood cats, raccoon's and opossum from running along the top of our privacy fence.Next, it should be noted that we purchased new stakes to attach to the privacy fence. The shock is light but annoying; a lot like a super-charged static electric shock which should be of no danger to smaller creatures although I'm still a little concerned about birds especially for use on a fence. I've not seen a problem yet but remain alert to the possibility.I'm a big fan of the Havahart products; this is a small but useful kit.
B000VXYV6K I thought this would be great around a front yard flower garden.  It may not be the most attractive thing to look at, but it  will work with Biscuit, our Bishon and our 5 pound Yorkie, Zoey.  .  But for DJ, our 100 pound Golden Retriever it was a whole nother  ballgame.  This is definitely just for small pets.
B000VXYV6K While I love the fact that this comes with a complete set, I have one complaint: the zapper could be a bit harsher, or at least have an adjustable level. I was having trouble keeping in the most stubborn; but otherwise it works well.It comes with the entire set: poles, wire, zapper, you name it.  That is a huge plus.  It's easy to set up, easy to get going, and gives a mild zap to your animals, training them to stay where they are supposed to.  Keep in mind that you want any grass or bushes to NOT touch the wire, or it will ground it out.  Also, if you have your typical eastern or moister mid-western soil you will have a good zap from this thing, so it works well. But if your soil is dry or sandy it won't be as strong. So if you have a stubborn dog and you live with soil like that, it may not work well for you.  Since we are in Kansas and it's a bit dry, that's probably half the reason why I didn't think the zap was strong enough.  We ended up going to a local farm store and getting a stronger zapper and using it instead, which worked well. But I bet if we had better soil the included one would have worked just fine!So with your typical dog and typical soil, I give it a glowing 5 stars!
B000VXYV6K What I've been using this for is to keep unwanted pets out of my garden area.  I think that for a small area it works pretty good for that, but for any sort of larger area, you're going to end up spending more money and needing to make some revisions.  It's not the sturdiest product around and you sort of have to use additional supports to get it to stay in the right spots.  I think that it's a good concept but maybe needs some fine tuning.  For what I need it for though, it works pretty well.
B000VXYV6K While this may be effective it isn't exactly what I was hoping for. The posts go into the ground fairly easily but the wire is above ground and is a little unsightly. I'm not thrilled with this item, but it's partly my fault for not reading the entire description. I'd thought it was an underground fence and not an above ground one. This makes mowing a lot more difficult. While it does work at keeping my dog inside the boundaries I don't think I'd get this again.
B000VXYV6K In fairness, the description does say for Pets and Small animals. I was hoping that my very large, stubborn Cane Corso Mastiff would feel the buzz and back off from running away. He just plowed through the fence like he was a bulldozer and didn't even blink or look back. But then again, when we rescued him from the pound he had a 9\" long ratchet wrench in his gut that he ate. I guess he is impervious to physical pain. But, he will back off when I wave the kids butterfly net in his face.I'll try to salvage the fence poles and use it around the garden to keep the feral cats from digging. But it just seems like a lot of work because the feet have to be grounded and the body touching the wire. I'm sure the squirrels will still be getting my peaches.
B000VYGDL0 this thing will last forever. it screws right onto the end of the male garden hose fitting very nicely. it has a wire screen on the inside to filter the water. it comes inside of a clear plastic card that just pops apart and you can grab this piece right out of it with no frustration. it has a real nice rubber washer already inside the female opening. and most of all........  man it works great! i am using this thing a lot now. it will save me from wasting a lot of well water and pump running time on my well pump by it preventing so much wasting of my water. i am very happy with this product and the quality is superior. you can't go wrong with this item.
B000W496PO At 48\"Lx16\"Wx22\"H this outside storage bag is a good lightweight alternative or supplement to more permanent outside chests for lawn furniture. The size is right because if this Terrazzo bag were much larger, it would be hard and awkward to move around.  It is not large enough to hold all of our oversized porch couch and cushions for 2 oversized chairs but it nicely holds the cushions for our 4 outside dining chairs and extra towels and pillows for around the pool. The size permits the convenience of adding tablecloth and napkins. It would not easily be stackable with another Terrazzo case because other than the dimensions, it is free form and a little cumbersome to get in and out of the bag for everyday use.I am particularly happy to have weather protection from our harsh sun and unforgiving dust and monsoon storms.  Made in China, the canvas is a good medium weight (typical grill cover weight) and the zipper is made with plastic teeth and metal handle. Given our extreme hot weather, I expect this to last 2 full seasons. That also means that my lawn furniture is protected and longer lasting.I recommend the Terrazzo cushion bag particularly for people with limited outdoor storage spaces. This would be particularly well suited for apartment terraces'. Kudos for PRIME free shipping.
B000W496PO I got this bag in order to store my patio dining chairs' cushions during bad weather.  It holds my 4 cushions easily (I don't think it would hold 6 unless they are very thin) and is made of a durable canvas.  But the question for me is: where to store the storage?  In other words, if I have to bring it inside, why do I need a bag at all?  And if I leave it outside I have to worry about that fact that it's only about 98% waterproof (no zipper cover) and it takes up a fair amount of room.PROS:+ Durable and water-resistant+ Free form in nature, so you can shove oddly shaped things inside+ has a handle for carryingCONS:- Free form in nature so ungainly when not full- Not 100% water proof (no zipper covers)BOTTOM LINE:  It does what it says it will do, but the rub is - do you want a cushion bag?  I am keeping it on a patio shelving unit and it does take up a whole shelf (when cushions are inside).  It has a big footprint and can be a bit ungainly - furniture covers may be easier.
B000W496PO This is a nice, roomy unreconstructed canvas bag that can be used to store patio furniture cushions during the off season or to hold towels and other pool or spa paraphernalia keeping it dry and out of weather elements. The bag has a water proof inner lining and handles that can be used when moving the bag from one place to another. My main issue with it, however, is what to do with the bag when it's empty! It is a big hard to fold up and then must be put away somewhere within reach if you want to be able to use it frequently. For the most part, when I take my cushions out of storage after the snow melts, I just leave them out all summer long so the bag needs to be put away until its time to store them again for winter. Then I decided to just put my towels in it to keep by the hot tub and store the bag under the deck. So far everything inside has stayed nice and dry during the spring thunderstorms! Although you can machine wash this, the manufacturer suggest that you don't use soap because it will reduce the waterproofing finish! I'm sure I will come up with other uses for it as time goes on.
B000W496PO Okay, it could be a little bigger, or maybe I should have a couple of these for the many outdoor cushions we have. We have two full patio sets plus several other miscellaneous  cushions.This bag is well made and is very convenient to use, keeping all of your cushions protected and in one place. A quality product that I can recommend with confidence.
B000W496PO I got this to supplement a storage container that I already have. My lawn cushions seem to be breeding and there is never enough space for all of them. This is a good size. Even the chaise cushions fit in it. Very heavy material. A little hard to carry if isn't sstuffed full because there is no rigid support to it, but all in all it works great.
B000W496PO This is a very sturdy cushion storage bag with handle. It holds my love seat cushions, both seat and back, and I can slide in two more cushions from one of my chairs. I would have to purchase another to store my other chair and footstool cushions. The problem is that I have to find storage space to put the container, space I really don't have. And I would not store them on my deck either as there is no place to put them despite protecting the cushions from the weather. It's a lot easier to cover my patio furniture - with the cushions still on them - with patio furniture covers, then I don't have to worry about storage at all. With this product, I'd still have to purchase furniture covers.So unless you plan on leaving your cushions outside in bad weather and don't mind the bags taking up additional space along with your furniture, I don't really see the the necessity of these covers. If you're bringing your cushions inside for the winter, you don't really need this bag to store them. I think I'll stick with my furniture covers instead.
B000W72GBC Isn't the main feature of this gas can supposed to be that it cuts off automatically? Well, it does NOT do that and I am amazed at the rave reviews others have posted. Yes, it can be no-spill, but you have to cut the gas off manually. If you expect it to cut off automatically you will have gas everywhere. This is a deal-breaker for me and the source of my deep disappointment and disgust with this product.I followed the instructions and watched the videos on the manufacturer's site and the first time I tried to fill my edger's tank it overfilled and gushed all over and I had to quickly release the pushbutton to stop it.I tried again on my mower and it also never shut off and flowed over the sides of the tank. This gas can is a ridiculous waste of money.I bought three of these having blindly believed the good reviews, the videos on the manufacturer's site, and what seemed to me to be the soundness of the concept. Well, I now have some expensive gas cans that are no better than the traditional ones they were supposed to replace.I contacted the company and tried all their suggestions. These included making sure the cap is on super tight, making sure the spout is vertical down into the opening, and pushing the green button fully. Do those things and the gas is supposed to stop flowing when the tank is full. That would be great except that the gas continues to flow at an alarming rate as gasoline gushes everywhere. They do not shut off; they never shut off until the button is released.I have three of these silly over-hyped gas containers and truly wasted my money on them. If you are expecting them to shut off by themselves as advertised, you will be very disappointed, as I am.
B000W72GBC This is a well built gas container and serves its purpose well. I use it to store fuel for equipment that requires a gas/oil mixture. It is easy to pour without spilling and the spout is helpful.
B000W72GBC If you are tired of junk fuel cans then this is the one to buy. The fill is easy and the wide fill mark on the can is great. This is not like the other gas cans that you have to twist and pull this is very simple and works very good. Do your self a favor if you need a gas can then buy this because it's the best on the market it does not leak and it shuts off if the nozzle gets in the fluid like a gas station pump. I have thrown away many gas cans because of the poor design, but this is a keeper.
B000W72GBC Bought this for my gas/oil mix since my old vented can finally bit the dust.  I have several 5 gallon no-spill and loved them, so getting this was a no-brainer.  Having a push-button to fill small machines is fantastic, since the small tanks tend to give you little warning before they're overflowing.
B000W72GBC I've gone through a lot of cans in the last 20 years, and this one is, no question, the best.First note - make absolutely sure you tighten the black collar even more than you've ever had to tighten any other one, because if you don't you'll end up with gas all over like I did. ;)But once it's cranked down, it works wonderfully.No gas comes out at all till you push the button, and then it comes out in a great steady stream, no glub glub surges as it transfers air for gas inside the can.Let go of the button (which is not hard to depress by the way, very smooth action) and gas cuts off, instantly.The plastic of the can is much sturdier and more solid than the others I've had, seems thicker and better made.I'm glad I finally got to throw away my nasty 5 gallon beast I've had for the last few years.
B000W72GBC The gas can is great and have been using it for about a year now.  Easy to open and close.  The plastic tab that locks the unit broke but we can still use it fine.  No issues and absolutely no spilling when filling up!  Love the quick release valve button that makes it easy to use and to control the flow of the gasoline!
B000W72GBC At least this container makes it easier and safer. But you do need to also buy the extension,  \"No-Spill 206 Flexible Spout Extension\" unless what you are filling has an absolutely ideal opening which my vehicle certainly does not. Possibly your lawn mower might, though.Even when you read the instructions, it is not crystal clear that you must turn the black ratcheting collar until it clicks, before you pour. Otherwise the fuel will spill out of it and you will think your container is defective.This whole business of handling combustible fuel aftermarket is unpleasant (to me) but if it is necessary, this container is probably the best of the lot. Yes, for the money it should have another handle on the back side. I had to brace the heavy full container with my knee in order to have adequate control of the pouring function. Another strategically placed handle would definitely have helped. The hand that was on the top handle was also able to press the button that allows the fuel to flow. You wonder who designs these things...
B000W72GBC Seems to be one of the better designs of the new government mandated ideas .  this design does work well and easy .
B000W72GBC I'm pleased with this gas can, and so far it hasn't leaked. It also seems to be more vapor tight than my old can because I can't smell gasoline in my storage shed the way I used to with the old can.
B000W72GBC Not a bad item - it fits the bill and gets the job done - it has a child safety but is still easy to use. Worth the buy but be sure to buy the extended nozzle or it wont be much good.
B000W72GBC Item is CARB Compliant and said to be made of break-resistant material.  Rode home from the village gas station with this newly filled 2.5 gallon can: no fumes and no spillage.  Will be curious to learn how this poly gas can handles the extreme New England winter weather temperatures.  Amazon had the best online price for this gas can; but, based on cost of its readily available simple materials and its manufacturing process, it is rather expensive.
B000W72GBC I don't think there can be many opinions out there on gas cans, but this one holds gas and pours it easily. I guess that it is a no-spill can and appears to be constructed as such, but I have never notched over a gas can before and don't plan to with this one. Good little can though.
B000W72GBC This gas can is the best one I have ever used. Because I live in new York City we are forced to purchase the newer Emission Friendly gas cans. I have purchased at least 6 other ones over the past few years and they all had different problems. Some leak when filling small engines and actually push to much gas at once making the fuel splash out of the gas tank. Others have had flimsy construction at the funnel which have broken and others had a cap which had messed up threads. This can is very well made, the locking ring works fine and the push button regulating the amount of fuel coming out is the perfect solution to fill small engines. This is my second one purchased because I need two different sizes. I purchased my first one last year and have used it daily with no problems at all.
B000W8VCXY These are great chairs, if you never take them outside, or let them get wet.Both of the ones I ordered rusted within three weeks (see pic posted in customer images), so I sent one back for a refund, and kept one.The reason I kept one is because I really do love the chairs, from the color, which is unique, and a perfect match for pool water, to the comfort, which is amazing.  REALLY comfortable, and I personally had no problems with the locking mechanism (it IS very cheap plastic, though, so I doubt it will last more than a couple years if that).BUT, the rust...big problem.  Obviously they didn't coat the hardware (screws and such), as these rust first.  Next the metal to metal contact areas of the chair rusted (they just spray the powder coating on, so this is just a poor spray job, since it IS possible to get this right).  This is a major problem since this is all along the frame, and immediately visible.Based on recent reviews vs. first reviews, I also believe Strathwood either changed manufacturers mid production, or the manufacturer themselves changed the process, or machinery...because the more recent reviews complain about rust quite often, but older reviews do not (and some of those even state they have left outdoors no problems).
B000W8VCXY The Strathwood's anti-gravity recliner is both comfortable and good looking. After owning it for a week, here are my observations:1. There definitely is a \"sweet spot\" for each person, most likely having to do with your height and body weight. When I use it, I recline all the way back, and then slowly move it up until I get the \"weightless\" feeling. My wife uses it almost totally reclined for her to feel weightless2. I weigh 170 and it supports me well. Even though it says it supports up to 250lbs, I'm guessing that people over 200lbs should probably look elsewhere.3. It is heavier than it looks. This is good because it's pretty well made, but you probably wouldn't want to lug it down to the beach. It also sits too high to be a beach chair.4. It could have benefited by having a cup holder of some kind.5. Like other reviewers have mentioned, the box it came in was pretty beat-up. In fact, the chair itself is slightly askew and I attribute it to the shipping. Be sure to check it thoroughly when you get it out of the box.All in all, it's a good product and I think the reasonable price accurately reflects its quality.
B000W8VCXY This chair is very nice and well constructed.  The webbing seems to make it superior to similar chairs I've seen in stores.  The frame is steel, nice for the strength, but it will rust and be heavier.  I wish it was aluminum, that would make it perfect.  Mine came with a few pain nicks on the sliver frame 
B000W8VCXY May 19, 2011:  UPDATE.  It's time to get the Recliner out and go for a third season of use.  Without exception this chair looks almost exactly as it looked in 2009 when it arrived.  Two seasons of use and it's still like new.  After sun, rain and lots of wind I am delighted with the Strathwood.Do not use this if you have work to do.  If you have the slightest bit of sleep in your system and relax in this recliner you are going to go to sleep.  I set this up on the deck with the intention of reading a while and then finishing some other tasks related to spring cleanup.  Whoops.  Some fairy sprinkled sleep dust in my eyes and away I went.  Thank goodness our street is populated by a pack of fools driving Harleys who believe they can take the curve out front at 50 MPH in 2nd gear.  I don't know about anti-gravity but the recliner-chair is really comfortable.This recliner is one of those items that far exceed expectations.  Having been an ally of old fashioned cheap recliners I was taken aback with the quality and weight of this recliner.  It is heavy enough not to get blown away with a breeze or even a strong wind.  Unlike the old fashioned cheap ones it will hold with ease those of us who have managed to exceed normal weight limits.  You'll have to determine those limits.  It holds Blubba and me with ease.  Not both of us together.  Just one or the other.  Maybe both.  Later.  March 26 update:  It is later now and I forgot to include a comment about the included pillow.  I was so excited to try out the recliner I forgot to empty the full contents of the packing box.  Lo and behold the pillow was there and it sure adds a nice touch to an already nice recliner.  Please permit one other comment.  The craftsmanship for the recliner is perfect:  not rough edges or annoying sharp edges.  It's well made.  Can't use now:  too rainy.  Later
B000W8VCXY This chair is very comfortable to lounge in.  But it definitely can't be left outdoors.  After a few weeks of me leaving it on my porch, it has begun to rust in a few spots.It's also not the easiest thing to lug around because once you fold it up, there's nothing to stop it from unfolding if you don't use two hands to carry it.  Some sort of clip or buckle to hold it closed would have been a big plus.I still give it 4 stars with those caveats because of the comfort and appearance.  It would make the perfect chair for taking to the beach or for an enclosed patio, but certainly not a good choice if you plan on keeping it outdoors.
B000W8VCXY What a comfortable chair! Just the kind of thing you want to recline in on a sunny day.It could be a tad easier to set up, but that's a minor quibble once you figure it out (it's not hard, esp. since people here who have already gone through it give instructions.)If you have back issues, you will LOVE this chair! Almost makes you feel weightless, takes pressure off the sore spots.Extremely comfortable, and a good price - we liked it so much, we're getting a second chair for a matched set.
B000W8VCXY We love to lay outside at night and watch the stars and all the light ships overhead but we need loungers which fold up so we can bring them inside. We'd love to have permanent loungers outside but we have no where to store them during the winter months so this has become our go to chair for the best entertainment in the Galaxy. The chair is made extremely well and the fabric is wonderfully smooth and strong. The head pillow is a really nice plus and it removes easily if you don't need it.The chair is simple to lock into position and it stays where you want it. Having a foot stand is also a nice touch and helps to maneuver the chair into the right place. I can pull my legs up in the seated position and read my Kindle for hours without any discomfort. Amazon did a great job making this chair and I will recommend it to many.It comes perfectly packaged in a strong box and there's no problem with delivery. It's an all around a fantastic product, and very reasonably priced. Thanks for making this affordable and durable !
B000W8VCXY This is a trick for grill owners that also works well on this unit.My grill has lasted years as a result of the trick, so it works, but it is debatable that you should have to do this with an \"outdoor\" recliner.  In all fairness, the description does state \" the recliner is not meant to be left outdoors year round in all weather\".  The thought is you will put it away when done, and not too many people will recline in rain and snow.You should also realize that the chair is a reclining chair and is relatively light weight.  It will blow away in a strong storm.  My deck chairs are quite heavy in comparison.  So, I would not leave this out intentionally.However, if you are like me, you occasionally forget.  And the next thing you know, the chair is drenched by a thunderstorm.So, apply the grill trick.  Apply a bit of petroleum jelly to the joints where they move.  It helps make them move more smoothly and it protects them from water.  WD40 is a cleaner faster trick also used on grills.  I use the petroleum jelly trick on screws on my grill and not one has rusted.  I use the WD40 on the surface periodically and that works remarkably as well.I have accidentally left the chair out in rain several times over the last two months and there is not a single sign of rust.If you do leave it in the rain and have not applied the trick above, as soon as you can, spray it down with clean water from your hose and leave it in the sun to dry.  If your tap water is heavily mineralized, though, this may not help for long.I want to thank those that posted reviews warning me so I could deal with the problem.And I want to say, this is an incredibly comfortable chair.But from a quality perspective, I cannot give it above 2 stars because of the rust problem.  A slightly more expensive set of stainless steel parts would make the chair unbeatable.  Other chairs, however, appear to address the problem with plastic, and those break.What is is.  I have to live with the fact I bought this chair, so the fix makes it unlikely the days I do forget to store it, that it will rust.
B000W8VCXY After 30 years of sitting on the grass, it finally came to my attention last July 4 that ours was one of the very few families not carrying a lawn chair to the annual band concert and fireworks activities down by the lake.  Thanks to an Amazon Gold Box deal that deprivation should now be a thing of the past.  Since this apparatus is likely to show again in a Gold Box, you may as well know that:1.  It comes without any instructions but is fully assembled.2.  It's both heavier and more solidly built than I might have expected from some of the other descriptions. (Probably good enough reason not to order a second.)3.  Don't make my mistake and sit in it before knowing how to get out of it.  (Simply pull the two small rings at the end of the arm rests to collapse the device.)4.  Besides making a decent lawn chair, it's surprising how relaxing it is to recline in a manner that places your feet above your heart.  Once in it, I had no desire to get out of it (even before realizing that I was unable to do so).5.  If, as other reviewers say, it rusts out, let it rust I say.  The last thing I need is one of those gargantuan padded leather recliners costing several grand.  Eventually that stuff has to be dealt with by someone.  Much easier to put this on the curb for the early morning scavengers than a recliner that's the weight of a piano.
B000W8VCXY This was definitely worth the money. I love my chair. It looks great and is very comfortable. Especially at night when you want to lay on the deck and look up at the stars
B000W9JN4S - Large can holds 5 gallons of gas- Didn't spill in my experience filling it, the nozzle seems to be designed better than previous cans I've owned.- Perfect for a storm/generator situation when you don't want to go out and fill up gas cans every few hours.- Reccommended.
B000W9JN4S This \"No-Spill 5-Gallon Gas Can\" is good quality and does indeed shut off if the tank is going to overflow. We ordered two of these to hold gas to run a generator during Hurricane Sandy and they worked well for that purpose. The nozzle is a little short so it is good for yard equipment like lawn mowers and the generator, but it would be more cumbersome to fill a car's gas tank.The nozzle is activated by pressing a button and there are two handles to help get the right angle, which is good since when full this weighs about 40-lbs and it can be difficult to hold up (at least for me) without assistance.These worked well for our needs, recommended!CFH
B000W9JN4S I bought two of these, one for my lawnmower and another for my chainsaw.  The spout is great, it actually doesn't spill any gas which is very nice when you have to fill engines with very small diameter tanks.  Seems heavy-duty enough to last quite a while and it is easy to mark up with a felt tip marker so you don't forget which tank has oil mixed in.
B000W9JN4S I have owned my share of gas cans over the years but this is the best one yet. The two that I am using presently are somewhat tall and narrow and tip over easily. The square shape gives this replacement can more sturdiness. Another feature regarding the height size is that it fits nicely on the bed of my pickup under the bed over. The spout is a nifty feature and works well for most of my uses. I did purhase the spout extension to make it easier to put gas in some of my equipment that is more difficult to refuel. Now that I have seen and used this excellent can I am going to purchase a replaement for my other tall one.Kudos to No-Spill for selling quality products made in the USA and contributing to our labor market.
B000W9JN4S I have one four of these gas cans in three different sizes and they all work great. The large mouth makes it easy to fill and the no spill spout work excellent.
B000W9JN4S Ever since the vented gas cans were eliminated, I have hated every gas can I could get my hands on.  This is the first one that is head and shoulders above the rest.  This is easy to fill, easy to hold, and easy to pour.  Being able to tip the can without pouring is great when you find yourself in awkward positions (like around a bulky riding mower) and the push-button control is fantastic.  No gimmicky spring loaded spouts to balance, no twisting or bending safety mechanisms while holding a heavy can.  Just push the button... so simple.This does pour a little slow, but I don't mind given the control and easy of pouring with this can.  I haven't spilled at all, which is great when gas is north of four bucks a gallon.
B000W9JN4S 5 gallons of gasoline is heavy.  This doesn't make it more so by adding an unnecessarily heavy can.  The can has a nice sized fill opening so you can see the end of the nozzle when filling the can.  The pour spot itself is a bit odd to use, but it works.  I have a syphon tube that I tend to use instead of the spot, because it is easier than lifting a 5 gallon can of gasoline in the air.
B000W9JN4S There are no leaks with this gas can at all.  It is air tight.  Push the button to open the spigot.  Let go of the button and nothing spills.  I've been using mine for a couple years and don't know how I did it without this.  Such a great concept.  save your gas for doing work, don't spill it.
B000W9JN4S I bought this for use on my whole house generator. It's a Honda 6500 and holds 4.5 gallons, so this can is perfect.
B000W9JN4S Expensive compared to the cheap can at the hardware store, but worth every penny. I hope it last for a long time but so far no leaks and no over filling and spilling! Should have bought a long time ago.
B000W9JN4S Well built and guess what....there's definitely no spill.  I would buy more if the price wasn't so expensive.  I do recommend this gas container.
B000W9JN4S Best of all the new gas cans. This one has the best pouring mechanism of any of them. Really good price too.
B000W9JN4S I wanted a can to fill my ATVs better. All the other cans I have seen and used have a stupid nozzle that you have to press against the tank cap threads to open. This would cause the nozzle to leak from the can if you accidentally put too much pressure on it. Then when the gas came out of the nozzle it flared out of the end causing it to hit the edges of the tank and splatter out. Then once the air pressure was changed in the tank it would start to glug and slow down and then surge when more air bubbled in causing a mess. They were just horrible.Then I found this tank. It solves all of the problems with the other crappy tanks I have used. I don't make a mess. I can precisely control how much gas I put in and stop the flow easily. I like it's boxy shape that makes it more stable. It has two handles so when you tip the tank for filling you can still hold onto it easily. This is the best tank/nozzle that I have ever used.
B000W9JN4S Not only do I like the No-Spill can's no-spill spout, which I found much easier to use than the &#34;push nozzle in to activate&#34; spout on another gas can I have, I also liked its squat shape which made it more convenient to store and carry.
B000W9JN4S This is a plastic container, not a can, and as over-priced as anything else but there's few alternatives to paying too much. I picked up two of these at a local store for about 19 bucks each but I have the same issues with them as others. The spout is too short to reach my vehicle's gas tank and though I use a funnel it's hard to hold both without spilling fuel. The spout is also not rigid enough to hold the can on the fill tank while you lift it and if you don't lift it you're not getting much gas. They also swell quite a bit when it's hot... as with most summers here in the desert... and though never kept in direct sunlight they do leak vapor and need to be vented often. I'm in a rural area and have purchased a few old metal gas cans at yard sales and they run circles around these things. Someone commented they like the screen to protect their generator but where are they getting gas that could be so dirty? I don't like storing gas but since I'm about 20 miles from a gas station and have lots of gas operated machinery there's not much else I can do so having cans that swell & leak are a concern... but that's just me. honestly... isn't 30 bucks (today's price here on Amazon) a little too much for a plastic gas container?
B000WB13QC I saw a chipmunk in my basement and ordered a live trap for it. I saw these cubes and not realizing they were as small as they are, decided to order them too because they are pretty well priced and I figured having a variety of traps would be good.Well, I set my chipmunk trap and the next morning the bait was gone and the trap wasn't sprung. Although these traps seem like they would be too small for a chipmunk, I decided to put one with bait inside the chipmunk trap, hoping maybe he would work to get the bait and spring the trap.Well, to my surprise, I checked the trap a while later and there was a mouse in it! I didn't even know I had mice! So took the little bugger out to a distance field and released him and then set all 4 of the traps. A few hours later, they were all full again.They work wonderfully, but I appear to have a larger mouse infestation that I am thankful to have discovered. I just ordered a multiple catch trap as well as 2 more packs of these so I can get rid of more at a time.About the traps: I use a small piece of cracker smeared with just a tiny bit of peanut butter in each trap. The traps have a flap door which I believe allow for sufficient ventilation. The traps must be checked each day or the mouse could expire, without access to food and water.Some people have questioned why teh traps dont have holes in the solid plastic for ventilation. I am personally glad they don't have holes because the mice produce a disgusting amount of urine and feces, which can spread diseases to humans. I'm glad all of this is contained within the trap and not leaking out on the floor or cupboard. I always wear disposable rubber gloves when handling these traps. I do not wash the traps between use because it is winter and I would not want to use my sinks for this. You are actually supposed to wear a face mask when cleaning these mouse droppings as some of the viruses contained in the feces (havanta virus) become airborne when vaccum or swept.
B000WB13QC I love these things! They work. They're simple. And they're humane.Okay, some complain about the 'stress' it places on the critter. Hey! Try a mouse trap! Sheesh! Check the darn thing daily for crying out loud.Here's my technique:Place the cube upside down in a corner with a few bits of dry pet food. Mice travel along wall/floor joints, so a corner is a good place.Leave it upside down (door open) for a day or two. This gets the mouse attuned to the idea of free food.Day 3 - flip the cube over.Works every time!Oh, and don't just let the critter loose in your back yard or s/he WILL be back.
B000WB13QC I want to start out saying that anyone that wants to save a mouse is borderline retarded.  They are disease carrying vermin on the bottom of the food chain.  When caught by a fox, cat or other predator, they are slowly torn apart live or chewed live.  Setting one loose in the woods thinking you are saving it will likely do one of two things.  1. Sentence it to a much more violent and cruel death.  2. Allow it to breed so you can have hundreds (yes, hundreds) more in its place.  And many of these will find their way into homes.I tried these traps along side much much cheaper glue traps and snap traps.  The glue traps and snap traps were effective.  Not one of these caught a gosh darned thing.  When placed adjacent to traps of other types, they never touched the bait on the door entrance and never went in, but were snapped or glued instead every time.The mice choose the death traps over and over in favor of these useless pieces of plastic junk.  And now that I have them, they will likely end up at a local dump for 50000 years before they break down.Nice.
B000WB13QC I bought these contraptions because I was scarred at a young age hearing a mouse trap &#34;snap&#34; and seeing a writhing mouse in it's jaws so I wanted to give something humane a try. I was surprised at how well these things worked! Within a day I could hear the scratching of a mouse caught trying to get out. We tried various baits but dry rice seemed to do the trick. If it works for you, use it.The mouse can push his way in but can't get out... I can't believe I didn't think of this before! After we caught one we could drive them to a field several miles away and release them. After catching 3 we are rodent free and no animal was harmed! I recommend these to anyone who has furry, uninvited guests!
B000WB13QC These may work great for some, but for me they did not work that great. They are a little small so the idea of catch and release was only an option if I was fast. Meaning, I had 2 of the 4 traps have dead mice in them because I did not get to the trap quick enough (we are only talking a day probably). Not sure why exactly, I can only assume the small space and lack of water and food other than what I put in there to attract them.The product does work exactly as expected, I was just bummed that I was not able to release 2 of the mice and they had to perish in the trap that was intended to be reused and them released into a nearby field.
B000WEIHPO I love how there is a handle ontop of the cover allowing me to easily remove the cover for immediate use. There is a gap below the cover thus it will not reach the ground, but I do not find this a problem.
B000WEIHPO I was hesitant ordering this cover for my Q320.  The Q320 has a slightly larger grill surface and Weber doesn't make it easy to discover that the  Q6553 cover fits the Q320 - but it does - perfectly.  The cover is well made, has a vented mesh panel on the back side to eliminate moisture build-up.  It has a handle in the center top that makes it easy to remove and is flexible enough to be simple to slip over the unit. Weber quality - no doubt.
B000WEIHPO This is a very nice cover and it fits the grill well. It does not cover the grill if the side tables are up however.
B000WEIHPO After my experience with the cover on my old kettle BBQ I wasn't sure if I was just wasting my money. Needn't have worried, this isn't the same sort of thin plastic thing. This is a substantial cover which fits the Q-320 perfectly. It has a well attached handle at the top so you can hold it with one hand while arranging for the bottom edge to drop over the grill. The ventilation at the back is good for releasing moisture and any gas that might leak from the system while it is covered; we don't want to light a BBQ full of gas/air mixture, that would void the warranty in a hurry. Not a lot else to say about it, if it fails over the next several years I'll be sure to let you know.
B000WEIHPO This cover (Model #6553 Premium Cover) fits the 2014 Weber Q3200 perfectly with the side tables folded down.It's a nice heavy cover with a handy handle on the top.  Covers & protects the grill well.One thing it's missing are Velcro straps like my other large Weber grill covers.  Those Velcro straps anchor the cover to the grill so it doesn't come off in the wind.  I may have to modify this cover but in the meantime, I'm using a large binder clip on one side to make sure it fits tight.  Not exactly \"Premium\" if you ask me.
B000WEIHPO Well made, high quality. I am using this with my Weber Q 320 grill. Like other reviewers have said, you need to put the 2 side tables down before putting on the cover. Then it literally fits like a glove! Easy to put on, yet fits snugly...no drawstring included or needed! Looks very nice too. I am thrilled!
B000WEIHPO There is nothing to secure this to the grill. It blew off during our recent storms and into neighbors yard leaving my new grill exposed. I went to Walmart and purchased a cover for a Uniflame grill which fits and has velcro straps.
B000WEIII0 Finally tools I can toss in the dishwasher without destroying them. I wish the spatula had a cutting edge on one side but hey, dishwasher safe tools are so hard to find I can over look that part. 5 stars all the way.
B000WEIII0 Nice heavy, and high quality barbecue set. We are sure this will last us for a long time. We have no issues with the product and it works just as expected.  Excellent purchase!
B000WEIII0 These are amazing quality...great weight and have a nice rubber grip area.  Would HIGHLY recommend...I bought these as a gift and will be getting a set for myself
B000WEIII0 This is the perfect set for grilling and it does not feel cheap. I think the quality of the material is the best thing I love about this product. Must have.
B000WEIII0 Very pleased with this set of tools.  I've had many sets of barbeque tools.  These seem to be among the best of them. Very sturdy and comfortable grip.  Will see how they hold up over time.
B000WEIII0 I grill a lot.  When I got married, one of the gifts received was a grill tools set from a well-known high-end cooking shop (I don't know if Amazon wants other companies mentioned by name).  They are beautiful, work well, but they have rosewood handles, that while pretty and functional mean you can't leave them outside and the dishwasher is off-limits.  I've always admired  people that clean up immediately after eating and entertaining but try as I might, I will never be one of them.  I would love to leave my tongs hanging off the side of the grill until I'm good and ready to clean up and put stuff away- usually the next morning as I tend to enjoy many adult beverages while preparing said BBQ feasts!  I came to dread pulling out my very pretty BBQ tools because I knew it meant I'd be washing them in the sink and I can't tell you how much I hate that.  When I switched from cooking on a gasser to using charcoal and wood, I began cooking on the grill more and more.  And I started hating my grill tools more and more.  When I saw these, they looked like it would be the answer I needed.  They are solid.  They feel good in the hand.  The tongs open widely, are spring-loaded and have a lock on them to lock closed.  The spatula has a beveled leading edge which makes it easier to slide under your burgers.  The fork is a fork, don't know anyone that actually uses these but whatever, it's included.  All three have hooks to hang them on things and rubber where your hand grips the tool.  And they are DISHWASHER-SAFE.  Yeah, boy, I love these things.  Toss them in the dishwasher when you are done and they look as good as they did the day you bought them.  I guess they are relatively expensive but I've never minded paying for quality and I feel they are worth what they cost.  They should last a good long time and expect to use these for many years.
B000WEIII0 I have owned them for approximately 2 years and they still look new even thought they have been in the weather the entire time.  Many other tools of lesser quality have already met their demise because of rust or by simply falling apart.  This is one instance where paying a little more for quality was well worth it.
B000WEKLTE Awesome deal when bought from here to begin with and these pans are super durable and last LONG!I would definitely buy these again and would recommend them in a heartbeat! We are very happy with these!!
B000WEKLTE These are easily to install. I covered with foil and now have very little clean-up. This supply should last for awhile.
B000WEKLTE These work very well. I had a hard time finding replacements until I looked on Amazon. My original ones started to denigrate and it was not pretty.
B000WEKLV2 I boiuyght these to replace my old ones.  These were the cheapest price I found.  Season them as the instructions state and you're good to go.  I buy another set once from here once these wear out.
B000WEKLV2 They fit perfectly and seem sturdy enough to last. I would definitely buy these again in the future as needed.
B000WEKLV2 I was surprised when I went to clean off the crud on the bars of my older grill and found they had rusted through.  I was happy to find the replacement cheaply on Amazon.  I went to Weber's site and followed their easy steps to get the correct part number then bought them here.  I actually got them through Amazon Warehouse as \"used - like new\". They were obviously a return. The box had been opened but the bars were still sealed in the original bag.  I am very happy with my purchase and glad I took a chance on the scary \"used\" label.
B000WEKMLG Container is smaller than I anticipated.  While it is certainly large enough for everyday saucing needs of the normal amount of feedings, larger parties with a loaded grill need something bigger.  Words of caution, not negative remarks.Secondly, I think a glass container would have been much nicer and have more longevity.  I often use a Pyrex measuring cup for saucing purposes.  What they lack is place to lay down the utensil without making a mess or risking a tip over.  This Weber container picks up on the Pyrex's shortcomings.  Just a suggestion.The silicone basting brush is nice.  Not too long and touristy looking but not too short that your burn your arms.I would purchase again.  Quality of the brush itself makes it worth a solo purchase to have a few on hand for other duties besides the grill basting.
B000WEKMLG I received this as a gift recently, and decided to christen it with some baby back ribs on myWeber Style Rib Rack. With that specific rack, being able to \"paint\" all the areas is an important, but often difficult task. Not so with the awesome brush in this kit.The brush could probably be used to club someone, if the need ever arose. It's extremely heavy, which I happened to like a lot. And the silicone brush itself did a respectable job of holding (and letting go of) the sauce... but more importantly... didn't shed all over my ribs like a normal brush would.The brush holder on the sauce cup is a brilliant design that lets you keep every last bit of your sauce as it drips from the brush, and keeps your grill clean. My only gripe (and the reason I didn't give this five stars) is that the instructions explicitly say that it isn't dishwasher safe.My guess is that the brush probably corrodes with dishwasher detergent and that the cup really is dishwasher safe, but both are easy enough to clean, it isn't an \"I'm not going to use this\" kind of problem. But it really would have been nice to be able to toss it in the dishwasher.
B000WEKMLG This system is great. The measuring cup is made from very sturdy plastic and the brush itself is very solid and heavy. The brush rests in the top of the cup so you don't make a mess anywhere. The handle is also long enough to allow you to sauce your meats while they are still on the grill without burning your fingers. If you don't care about the convenience of the measuring cup you can save a little bit of money by buying the brush separate and just using a bowl but the measuring cup is very useful so I think it's worth it.
B000WEKNYW Great light, the beam of light really covers the entire grill and is nice and bright. Love the instant on/off feature so you dont have to fiddle with the light every time you open or close the grill. Does not obstruct or get in the way when the grill is covered like other brands will.
B000WEKNYW Overall this is a pretty good product but it has some issues, especially at this price point.1) It just barely has enough light for a three burner Weber 320. For $25 I don't think it's unreasonable to expect the thing to light up my grill clearly. I can see why so many people here have installed two of them on their grills but then that's $50 just for flashlights! Weber should have at least two more LED's on this puppy so one unit is enough even if that means $10 more on the price.2) The instructions are horrid. I am usually very good with cryptic instructions but it took quite a bit of fooling around for me to determine that I needed to ignore what the instructions appeared to say and use brackets A1 and A2 to mount on my Weber 320.3) If you don't turn off the light it says in semi-on mode until your battery dies. Stupid plan. When the lid is down it should go all the way off, and when the lid is up it should turn on; it shouldn't even have a power button for water to get inside. I think the semi-on mode is so you can find it in the dark, but I still say it is a bad design. That or they should have added a small LED on the front to let you easily see when it is powered on from a distance.All that said, once installed it does work okay and it looks good. The auto on/off when you move the lid is a nice touch and the way it mounts it stays out of the way when the lid is closed so you can put a cover on your grill without an issue.The minimal light is my major gripe and if you have a grill with 4 or more burners you may as well just buy two of these from the get go as I may even end up buying a second one with my three burner grill...
B000WEKNYW Purchased WEBER E-670 (see my praising review).  Two of these lights in gray came with the grill.  They work wonderfully.  They attach to the handle with ease.I liked those two little lights so much I wanted a third.  So I ordered this light.  Now I had two gray lights and one black light.  I didn't like the look so I ordered two more black lights.Again, necessary brackes (A) or (B) are supplied to attach to your grill.  Weather sealed plugs nest the batteries.  The lights are well built and stay put.  Easily wiped clean after grilling.  They take the heat well.  No issues what so ever.  They provide suable light to the grilling surface for those after hours cooking marathons.  They are not whimiscal but practical, well engineered, and solidly constructed.  Nice job Weber!One word of caution. I have seen these lights with a more yellowish light color (3000K) and the bright white (5000K) tone.  I was partial to the brighter white light.  I believe the difference may have due to different production dates.Purchase again?  YES
B000WEKNYW So easy to install and perfect for the grill.  Open the grill and the light goes on automatically.  Love it.  I believe you can shut it off too if you don't want it to go on automatically.  Just turn it on yourself.
B000WEKNYW This is a great little device. It is easy to put together. Does not com with three AAA batteries and has an auto on that works great. The light really lights up my meat at night and who does not enjoy looking at their meat with the light on?
B000WEKNYW I bought a Summit and it has two of these lights on the handle. Their light is too weak to be of much use. Better to get a gooseneck, attachable version.
B000WEKNYW The last time I searched for lights many moons ago, non of them allowed the use of a grill cover without dismantling/removing the light. These are so well integrated with the grill, I hardly notice they are addons.  I should have bought these years ago.  No more grilling by flashlight for me!  I strongly advise buying two if a single light is deemed insufficient.  It certainly won't light a movie set but is totally adequate for grilling.  Will update if I run into any hiccups in the future.Hmm, it just occurred to me that it might NOT be a good idea to leave them on the grill over winter.  Extreme cold temps and cycles of condensation might wreak havoc on the electronics.  Anyone have experience on durability over 4 seasons?
B000WEMFQG Fits perfectly of course. Like that it snugs along the bottom so it isn't dislodged by wind. Pretty durable vinyl.
B000WEMFQG This cover is well made of a very heavy vinyl.  It fit my Q100 perfectly.  It goes on and off easily, and looks nice.  It's a very reasonable price for this quality.
B000WEMFSO It cleans the crates ok. You will get about 70% of stuff removed from between the crates, too.The only negative that I can think of is that the handle is too flexible so it'll take more strokes to brush the crates than if the handle was sturdy.Maybe they done so for a reason which I don't understand?
B000WEMG24 $8.00 for golf tees?  I must be crazy, right?  I think these are totally worth it.  First, the part the ball sits on is just the same as regular zero friction tees.  But these have a second part that can slide up and down the shaft and then lock on at the height you want.  It isn't infinitely adjustable, there are 7 or 8 \"stops\" that give you as many tee heights.  You could use one tee for the whole round and adjust it as needed or carry one for your driver, one for your three wood and one for irons, or whatever.  What I like is that your ball will be at exactly the same height for every tee shot.  Hitting a golf ball has infinite variables and this tee makes it infinity - 1.  Could you do the same thing with some tape or marker on a regular tee?  You could, but in my opinion this is easier and somewhat more elegant.  I have never broken one but the zero friction tines get pretty beat up after 2-3 rounds.  My dad belongs to a private club and I get to play with him 4-5 times a season.  They have a basket at the first tee filled with wooden tees free for the taking.  I used to always stock up on a bunch when I played so I never had to buy tees.  Now that I use these, I haven't taken a single one.
B000WEMG24 Not much to say.  It's made specifically for the Weber grill.  It fits fine, and functions fine.  There is no reason to buy a more expensive version. Make sure you take it off before you put your cover back on though.  I can see the cover tearing if you forget.The item functions best if your tools have a string or piece of rawhide to hang them up.  My tongs had lost the rawhide long ago.  They wouldn't hang well, so I just tied a small length of string where the rawhide used to be.  Problem solved.
B000WEMG24 This was an add on for an order and I am happy with the purchase.  Hubby kept dropping the tools and it was a struggle to keep up with washing them constantly while he grilled. rather than spend tons more on more tools, I got this and now he has a place for them so they do not slide, drop or get lost while he is cooking.
B000WEMH3C This grill cover is not very durable...I've had mine just a few weeks and it already has a tear in it.  I would suggest buying either the Weber Premium cover or the Veranda Grill cover as I did.  This grill cover wasn't very expensive....I guess lesson learned is that you get what you pay for!!
B000WEMH3C I bought this cover to replace a good cover that lasted for years.  I got this one because it was cheap.  It's very thin vinyl.  I don't think it will last very long.  When this wears out it will be time to get a new grill
B000WEMH3C I love my Weber Silver, and wanted to keep her looking like a champ. She sits outside year-round in the cold Nebraska winters, so I wanted so protection. I bought this cover at a local box store and it didn't even last through the first winter before cracking and tearing to pieces. Go with the Premium - its supposed to be much more durable. That's what I'm buying after I finish this review! Good luck!
B000WEMH3C I have owned this cover for about two years and it is still going strong.  It is holding up well for a 'budget' cover.  I purchased a couple of no name brands in the same price range for other items and they have long since become unusable.
B000WEMH3C Its a little flimsy and prone to break after a little weathering. It does what I intended it to do so I'm happy with it.
B000WEMHGO Sorry, but this did not rotate smoothly. It squeeked and chunked around at an uneven rate and just did not work on my relatively new Weber Genesis NG model. I called Weber and they said that each year the models change slightly, perhaps just a few centimeters which may prevent attachments from fitting correctly. The lady's final bit of information: &#34;Things aren't always perfect in the manufacturing process&#34;.  Many people have called attention to that ring &#34;handle&#34; at the end of the rotisserie. I too found it to be a terrible design flaw.You can't grab ahold of it to remove the rotisserie, it's very awkward, and very hot. Sadly, I had to this item.
B000WEMHN2 Inexpensive toy that is fun to play with; the magnets seems well made; not sure what else I can say
B000WEMHN2 With this minor investment I was able to turn my well used grill into a brand new one!  The old one would clog up, so I had to clean every few months.  This new tube set was easy to install and has given the old grill new life!!  That and a new electronic ignition.
B000WEMHN2 I asked my husband to install this, but he looked at the 2 sets of instructions that were in the box and said it was very complicated and he would have to do it later. I waited until he scurried off to the golf course, used the shorter instructions (which were very clear), and installed it in 12 minutes with just a screwdriver to loosen the old tubes. I had already replaced the flavorizer bars, so now the grill runs almost like new and is cooking evenly again.  I am very happy with this.
B000WEOOUG I was a little hesitant to use this since I have not had good luck with other mitts. This one does just what it says. Very safe to use and fits my hand perfectly. Good and smart buy.
B000WEOOUG Got to keep from burning the hair on my hand and arms while raising the lid on my green egg. I love how high up the arm it comes to protect the almost to my elbow. It's made of good quality materials and does a great job shielding your flesh from the high heat.
B000WEOQK4 Glad to find this product replacement, my old one rusted away a year ago and I thought there was no way I could replace it.  But I found it at Amazon by accident and bought it and it fit perfectly and couldn't be easier to install! Good price too, especially with the free shipment!
B000WEOQK4 Nothing like using manufacturers replacement parts for their own products. They always fit and work as they are designed to.
B000WEOQK4 Found an old Weber 22.5\" kettle grill that someone was tossing out and decided to take it home to see if she could be brought back to life.  This one had been abused and seen lots of work.  Aside from some cosmetic issues, she was missing the hook on the inside of the lid and the sweeper cleaner was just a rusty mess. The former owner had cut or twisted off the sweeper blades since the unit was frozen with rust.I bought this replacement sweeper knowing I'd fix it and waited for it to arrive before trying to remove the old one.  And, I'm glad I did.  I noted how this assembly goes together fitting into the Weber.  Very simple design using gravity and the sweeper handle at the bottom to hold the entire mechanism in place -  a thumbscrew holds the sweeper handle in place.  Remove the thumbscrew, pull out the sweeper handle and... voila!  The mechanism \"should\" just pop out!Did I mention that this old sweeper was a ball of rust?  Seriously.  It was so rusty that the thumbscrew was almost indistinguishable.I put the kettle upside down on a workbench and gave the mechanism an overnight soak of penetrating oil before working on it.  Just for yucks, I put a vise grip on the thumbscrew which of course promptly broke off.  I then used a hack saw to cut off the sweeper handle flush with the hexagonal \"bolt\" that extends out from the bottom of the grill.  Once the handle was cut away I used a hammer to easily tap the remaining fused mass of rust out of the grill.  This may sound a bit confusing, but really it isn't - reviewing how this thing goes together gave me an insight how to get the old one off.I also \"replaced\" the hook on the inside of the lid and bought a cover for the old gal.  The grill works great and it was fun to keep this from needlessly going to the landfill.My wife and I like to entertain and having a second kettle will be great to have when we need it.
B000WEOQV8 Good lord, can this thing pack a punch, I used it outside to light a few branches and almost started the local forest on fire. How it works is easy, inside there is a cathrobe ray tube, when heated turns into phosphorus fibers and are propelled (with the touch of a button), to come out and into the vent shafts which you aim at a fire log or something you want to ignite. Be careful to not point it at small children or pets because they can light up like a Christmas tree.
B000WEOQV8 Good lord, can this thing pack a punch, I used it outside to light a few branches and almost started the local forest on fire. How it works is easy, inside there is a cathrobe ray tube, when heated turns into phosphorus fibers and are propelled (with the touch of a button), to come out and into the vent shafts which you aim at a fire log or something you want to ignite. Be careful to not point it at small children or pets because they can light up like a Christmas tree.
B000WEOQV8 this is a great buy , but beware it puts out a lot of smoke will set of smoke alarms for sure if close to your place .. not recommended for first timers please beware also it takes a little luck to get it going but it will burn like they say PERFECT 9/7/13
B000WEOQV8 Bought this for hubby, along with a new smoker for his birthday.  We were both surprised at the quality and size of this thing.  It is so much better than his old one, it got tossed.  He loves its, works perfect with the smoker.
B000WEOQV8 I have seen friends use them and thoughtg why not get one for myself, I did and I am really impressed at the ease in starting and yes use newspaper which is best, Saves you from using the instant lite charcoal which is full of chemicals and also the chemicals in those starting fuids,  So to me it is better due to lack of chemicals and safer also,
B000WEOQV8 Well worth the money, cheap, easy to use. Don't buy a off brand because they don't have the holes on the sides which allows air flow.
B000WEOQV8 Nobody will ever convince us (never) that gas can do the same as charcoal. We were absolute charcoal starter fluid loyalists, too. We never did like the match-ready products and our grill wouldn't allow for the use of electric starters. We were determinedly set on charcoal and charcoal starter fluid - and that's the way it was going to be. Forever.As you can gather, we were Mr. and Mrs. Skeptical when our son went on and on about these chimney starters. We thought: &#34;Yeah, Right. You're the same kid who told us Napoleon Dynamite was the funniest movie ever.&#34; He asked for one for his birthday, so we obliged. You'd think we bought him a car or something. He went on and on about how much he loved it, and that we should really try it out.  ...never gonna happen, kid.Knowing how stubborn we are, he forced us into trying them by buying a pair (we have a very large grill) for his dad on Father's Day. We sighed, rolled our eyes, stood patiently and graciously by as our well-intentioned (but usually very misguided) son showed us how &#34;easy&#34; it was to use.Okay. You CAN teach old dogs new tricks! Our son was actually r...r...r...right! The chimney design gets the coals evenly hot and ready in almost no time. Better yet - I no longer have to pick up the phone in preparation of dialing 911, and cringe in terror as my husband approaches the grill with the starter and matches.If you don't want to buy one to try it, ask a friend who charcoal grills and see if they'll let you borrow theirs. Better yet, have them SHOW you how to do it. If they do it right, you'll be coming right back here to buy one (or two) for yourself!Now we need to figure out what to do with 4 big bottles of starter fluid....
B000WEOQWC The Premium cover is a cover that is more durable the Staglar cover and more expansive than the Elgar cover. This cover is a new syth-meth material made up of Kevlar fibers which are extremely strong and durable (they are used for helmets and bullet proof vests). My dog Homer attempted to bite into it one day and he didn't even tear it. It is easy to wash (simply go down to a river and use vegetable soap), easy to use (simply put it on top of your grille) and even light weight (16ou). This can even be used as a blanket if you are stranded in the wilderness like I was one night, very warm.
B000WEOQWC The Premium cover is a cover that is more durable the Staglar cover and more expansive than the Elgar cover. This cover is a new syth-meth material made up of Kevlar fibers which are extremely strong and durable (they are used for helmets and bullet proof vests). My dog Homer attempted to bite into it one day and he didn't even tear it. It is easy to wash (simply go down to a river and use vegetable soap), easy to use (simply put it on top of your grille) and even light weight (16ou). This can even be used as a blanket if you are stranded in the wilderness like I was one night, very warm.
B000WEOQWC It's a cover and fits well.
B000WEOQWC This grill cover is long enough that it truly covers the whole 22.5-inch grill.  I like that it's not a bright color.  Instead it almost disappears once the cover is on.The cover has material that is strong and seems as if it will last as long as my grill.
B000WEOQWC I really like the cover.  It blocks the UV rays that would fade my black grill.  It also protects the thermometer that I installed from the rain.  It is very durable and I expect it to last for the life of my grill.
B000WEOQWC I live in a place where we get all four seasons so I figured a cover was a good way to go. These are the brand name ones, fit snugly, and seem super durable. I haven't had any tearing or fading yet so I'm content.
B000WEOQWC I bought this cover for my Weber 22.5\" and so far, it has done a great job at keeping my grill protected from sunlight, wind and rain.I live in northern California, so we get our share of windy, wet and dry days. This cover has kept my grill intact. I recently took it off and was pleased to see that my grill looked as good as the day I bought it. There was a dust layer of course, but that was about it. There isn't any water damage or rust on my grill.The cover is thick and well stitched. Made of heavy duty vynil, comes with two elastic straps at the bottom to keep it in place during windy days. Now, keep in mind that our windy days here in my area, may not be as strong as yours, but for what it's worth, I can tell you, mine survived the winter, windy, wet and hot days.After being outside for exactly one year, the cover does not have signs of wear or tear. It's dusty, but its quality remains the same. Strong and durable.It fits over my grill even with theWeber 6431 Charcoal Grill Tool Holder; the holder was on my grill the entire time.If you want to protect your Weber grill, look no further, this will do the job.
B000WEOQWC It's a great cover that works as described and expected.  The complaint about wind pulling it off may be valid although so far, in high gusty winds mine has only shifted around a little but still covers as it should.  I don't know if they've changed it recently, but mine has elastic in a loose gathering at the bottom that may be why it stays on.  To get it over the top you need to stretch it open slightly.If I were to have to list what I'd like to see improved, and the only reason I gave it only 4 stars is that I would like for it to be a little longer, although what it doesn't cover really doesn't need protecting.  It could also fit better as although it fits over the top handle, it rests on top of the side handles.  Not really a problem but would look better more tailored to the kettle and the side handles.  That may help with wind moving it around where that's a problem.For me, it works fine and appears to be one that will last, as long as the elastic in the bottom doesn't prematurely age and fail.  It's not the same tough material that for example, a cover I have from Barbecues Galore (from the old days with the original company, not the new company since the Taiwanese company bought them out of bankruptcy) which has lasted unharmed for years in full element exposure, but it's also a fraction of the price.  But it may last just as long.
B000WEOQWC This is a very thick and durable cover. What I like most about it is that the fabric, despite being so thick, allows enough airflow to prevent mold growth.
B000WEOQWC We purchased this cover when we ordered the grill.  It fits the grill perfectly and has an elastic strap to put the leg through so it won't blow away during heavy wind.  Heavy, durable fabric with rain repellent finish.  The water just beads up on the fabric.
B000WEOQWC I bought this about 10 yrs ago and it finally wore out after our last move ( ripped from rough handling). Decided to buy a new one and it is just as well made, as my original one. I thought about the less expensive ones offered, and decided to spend the extra on this particular one.  My friends got cheaper ones, and all the of them lasted less than one season. I feel the cost savings in the end will outweigh the initial cost.
B000WEOQWC I bought this from Warehouse Deals.  The package had a small tear that was covered by tape.  The cover was in perfect condition. The great thing about Warehouse Deals are the discounts they offer. I saved some money because of a tear in something I will trash anyway.  On to the product-it fits my Weber OTG like it should.
B000WEOQWC As I said in my review of the grill this cover is made for, I am not the griller in the family, my husband is, so I actually bought this for him.We have had grill covers in the past, that are made of flimsy material, or even a bit too big for the grill they supposedly fit, so I figured this one would be the same and we were just paying for the weber name.  Apparently I was wrong,  It fits snugly, so getting it on takes a bit of patience, but the material is strong and seems very durable.  This is our fourth grill in the 12 years we have been married, so I want this one to last...this cover seems like it will do a great job protecting our investment!
B000WEPH8Y This portable &#34;lug all&#34; otter skin drying rack is a great gift for not only those special people who like to save meat and skins from their avid hunt, but those who dry fruit in the hot summer months. Although it isn't that large, one can put 2 dry apples, one pumpkin, numerous raisins, oranges, peas, and a few pears on the rack. Can also be used to dry fish or smelly wet socks.
B000WEPH8Y This portable \"lug all\" otter skin drying rack is a great gift for not only those special people who like to save meat and skins from their avid hunt, but those who dry fruit in the hot summer months. Although it isn't that large, one can put 2 dry apples, one pumpkin, numerous raisins, oranges, peas, and a few pears on the rack. Can also be used to dry fish or smelly wet socks.
B000WEPH8Y I looked a number of places and could NOT find this product anywhere.  When I found this and it worked just like the original grill did, I bought a 2nd one to use in the future.
B000WEPH8Y Well made and a perfect fit.  It discolored to a more gold color after use but it fits and works fine
B000WEPHBG Our warm-up basket was in bad shape and we found this on-line.  The grill looks new and most of all, my husband is happy.
B000WEPHKM The table surface is made from very durable plastic, and it looks great attached to the grill.  The table surface is roughly 22\" by 15\".I have two complaints, however:1) Once I attached it to the grill, I noticed that NEITHER of the table legs touched the ground.  I am using the 22.5\" grill, and am also using the including leg extensions that came with the table.  Putting some weight on the table (hanging tools from it and putting a couple dinner plates on it) made one of the legs tough the ground, but the other one is perpetually lifted off the ground.  I suspect that this might be due to some minor warping if the table plastic, and might just be a problem with the one I bought.2) There is no way to move the grill once you have the table attached.  This becomes a huge nuisance if your keep your barbecue somewhere other than the spot where you fire it up, because you will be constantly removing and re-attaching it.  I may try to tie a string from a tool hook to the bottom of the front leg so that i can use the table as a handle to roll the grill around.
B000WEPHKM This could have been a great accessory, but it's awkward to use. First, the build quality is very good. Assembly is simple, but, once again, Weber provides NO written instructions. Unlike their grills, however, this thing is hard to screw up. I find the size useful. You can put a stack of plates and a few condiments and have room to spare. I find the hooks useless unless your utensils have lanyards.I've taken two stars away for two reasons. First, it attaches to a grill that has WHEELS, which implies movement. It's awkward moving the grill with table attached. So you detach it. Here's why it lost another star. If it's detachable it should have folding legs so it's stowable.Awkward to use, awkward to store. Otherwise, works well. Three stars.
B000WEPHKM Having a table nearby is key to grilling.  However, this table is simply too close to the grill to be useful.  By way of example, I had a plastic bottle of bbq sauce that I left on this for a few minutes, and it MELTED.It is also fairly small - barely large enough for two dinner plates.  The only really useful thing is that it has hooks to hang your tools.  Those hooks are far enough away from the grill that the tools don't get red hot - as they would with the Webber tool hanger.Also, I found that this got in my way when grilling.  I like to be able to walk around the grill and get at things from different angles.  This blocked 1/4 of the grill.Instead I now use a cheap wooden folding table that I keep about three feet away from the grill.  Anything within two feet of the grill simply gets far too hot to be useful.
B000WEPHKM This was the perfect addition to the kettle.  it gives you a place to set platters, thermometers, etc. while cooking. Keep in mind that the cover for the kettle will no longer fit--so you'll have to get a larger on.
B000A2HDXA I don't play these myself, I bought them for my daughter. They look kinda flimsy but for the price, they are ok for beginners to play."
B000A2HDXA Im a beginner. Good harps. Good solid sound.I cant bend at all so no idea if its just me.Youtube these, there's loads of videos."
B000A2HDXA I have other harmonica's but thought I'd like a set of blues harps.  I thought that if it's made by Hohner, it must be fairly good.  Wow, was I wrong.  Too hard to push notes through them.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone."
B000A2HOB6 I tried these on my 2008 Talyor GA4e and the sound was just a bit to bright.  The heavier bass strings didn't really add the bassy sound I was hoping for just more of a thud.  YMMV."
B000A2HOB6 Clean and clear sound. Great for strumming and using a pick but a little soft for finger picking. I prefer a string with a little more volume.  They tune well and hold a tune well."
B000A2HOB6 I usually use \"extra-lights\" because my fingers are wimps, I like the bottom E to go down to a small .010. I have heard though, that you get more oomph, bass, and it is better for recording to use heavier gauge strings; so I decided to try and start using lights and mediums instead. Also, I finally bought my first Martin (Woo Hoo!) and researched strings for it, and I read a comment from one person who said the lights would have slight buzz, and the mediums put too much pressure on the neck and he said the \"Light- Mediums\" were a happy medium and a good balance.When I got my Martin D15 M, I cleaned it up, and then restrung it with a set of these \"Light -Mediums\". At first my fingertips protested and got real sore real fast; but that is because I am adding .025 width to the E string (.010 to .0125) ouch!  I  just have to build up my callouses, which will take a few weeks of torture, ugh. But, the sound is AWESOME. Part of it is the Martin guitar of course, but these strings, when I hit the G chord, ring out with a deep, warm and long-sustaining bass thump. You feel it in your chest when you hit the bass strings, the 6th, 5th and 4th.  The treble strings bend pretty easily. No buzzing. They have no coating , so they SQUEAK like hell. (TIP: I put a molecule or 2 of hand lotion on my fingertips 15 minutes prior to playing and it helps keep the squeak down) These strings are great, I recommend them. I will try and update my review 3 months from now and let you know about their longevity, etc."
B000A2HOB6 Tried these on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are basic standard traditional strings. They sound good, they are light weight. On this guitar they sound a bit too bright. My preference is to use Elixirs, prefer the feel and sound on this guitar (Elixir PolyWeb Acoustic Guitar Strings (Light)).These strings do not last less time than the Elixirs. Mostly fresh strings sound good on a guitar. Some people like a brand new set before every gig, others will go weeks or months before changing. If you are an every gig person, well the Martin set is probably perfect for you - they are much less expensive than others. Leaving strings in for an extended period - Elixirs or other coated strings are probably a better idea.There is no such thing as a perfect guitar string for every guitar. The choice is all about your personal preference and the guitar you play. I think the Martins are a very good value in a standard traditional style. So for the price, these are an excellent value."
B000A2HOB6 Crikey, where to begin. Firstly, I hated the fact that they package two strings to a paper packet. Secondly, they mismarked one of the packets, so it appeared I had two &#34;D&#34; strings, instead of two &#34;E&#34; strings. Lastly, and certainly the least favorably, once tuned up, the strings sounded terrible! They were tinny and clangy sounding. I've never heard worse strings. Fortunately, I had bought a package of Ernie Ball Earthwood med. light, as well. I replaced the godawful Martins with the Ernie Ball's and they were far, far better! Shame on Martin for such a piss poor product. I'll never buy their strings again."
B000A2HOB6 I would definitely buy these strings again.  They are high quality, great durablity and a great price.  The Martin name is synonymous with quality."
B000A2HOB6 I like these even better than the Martin Custom Lights. They give off such a warm tone, and are holding up very well."
B000A2HOB6 After reading all the great reviews, I moved to these Light/Medium strings from the light gauge. They do sound much better and have a better tone than the light gauge. However, I noticed one thing that has driven me crazy. Finger slides are much harder with these strings. The lower strings (E, A G) just don't slide as easily until there is some buildup in them. As a result my fingers get out of position and don't hit clear notes until I've slid those areas a couple of times. That's probably due to the oil and other nasties build up in the strings or me just getting used to them. The packaging was also a bit confusing. Since there are two strings to an envelope, it seems I too easily get the strings reversed on set up. Other string makers I have tried, color coded their strings and it made it much easier to string up. Overall good strings and I'll probably buy them again."
B000A2HOB6 By definition, medium is an in between size. But when it comes to guitar strings, most of the range goes from extra light to medium. On that scale, these strings would be above a literal medium. For me, the guitar is not an everyday instrument. I don't typically spend five hours a day with one, and sometimes go weeks without picking one up. But I do have periods where I will spend many hours a day playing and don't want something that will kill me.Medium in the guitar string sense of the word is too much for me. Light and custom light are easier to play, but can make a higher end Martin guitar sound like one closer to the bottom of the line. For me, these light-medium are exactly where I want my strings to be.If you like Martin's medium, find them a bit much at times, but find that you give up too much when you play much lighter ones, you may find that these are a great choice. I don't feel I am missing anything compared to the Medium. If I had two identical guitars with new strings of each type, I would probably find differences in a side by side comparison. But without that, I don't think I'd notice the difference with normal listening. With the lighter varieties, that would be far from true.If Martin extra light and light were the skim milk and 1% milk of strings, these light-medium would be the 2% that came along for people who wanted something lighter but still came close to the whole milk taste."
B000A2HOB6 love these strings, but I have always been and still am a fan of Ernie Ball, they just sound better, bend easier and have a longer life span, but Martin are very good too, I just prefer Ernie Ball, but they were sold out and I needed strings fast."
B000A6ASSS these are the best strings around.  last a long time especially if you live near the beach where corrosion is always a concern."
B000A6ASSS I keep an acoustic out on a stand in my office to keep handy for when inspiration strikes.  I used d'addarios for many years. I switched to these and their longevity is drastically more noticeable.  they sound great too. The added expense is more than made up for by the extra long life afforded by the coating."
B000A6ASSS They're 2 days on and sound fantastic already. I've come to expect nothing but excellence from Elixirs, they're the best I've played on to date, whether electric or acoustic. I very highly recommend these to anyone looking to get great tone straight out of the box"
B000A6ASSS Personally, I love the nanoweb strings.  I have 4 guitars, and they each get played once every couple weeks.  As I'm no pro, I don't want to put strings on them that I'm going to have to change every time, just to mess around at my apt.I don't mind that they are extra slippery, or that they sound a tad bit \"different\" than other strings.  They're exactly what I want - A string that makes my guitar sound good for 4 months without changing strings."
B000A6ASSS These acoustic strings are used on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are just the right weight, and just the right amount of flex. We've tried D'Addario, brighter sound (D'Addario Acoustic Guitar Strings Set, EXP 80/20 Lite), and Martin, a little stiff (Martin Strings SP Phosphor Bronze 12.5-55 MSP4150). In the end, these Elixirs sound and feel best on this guitar.The difference between these strings - nanoweb and polyweb - the nano's have a very light coating that you almost don't feel. So if you like standard not coated strings, the nano's are probably the way to go. If you want a bit of softness, the polys are a better bet.As has been said, there is no perfect guitar string for everyone. The perfect guitar string is the one that feels and sounds right to you on your guitar. For the combination we have, these are outstanding strings.On the strings lasting longer, that's hard to say. Fresh strings do sound better. It's clear that the wound strings do not corrode like non-coated strings. But I'm not certain these last so much longer. We buy them because they sound good and have the right amount of flex to them - playability. Corrosion or crud on the string isn't the sole factor in changing strings.Elixir is a wonderful company. On my third or fourth sets of Elixir strings, the G string snapped as my son was tuning the guitar for the first time. Elixir is outstanding, they will replace any string that doesn't perform up to your standard.The other amazing thing - I've watched tons of videos and watched a lot of guys change strings, and I'm still very confused. The Elixir website (it's pretty simple elixirstring dot com) is outstanding. Ther is a two part video from the Taylor factory on how to change strings. I swear that if you follow those instructions, you will change strings in minutes. It is so simple and so reproducible. I love this technique."
B000A6ASSS Elixir Strings are the best I have ever used, they sound great and last far longer (tonally) than anything else I have tried....."
B000A6ASSS I only play Elixir strings.  They are relatively finger friendly, hold their tune well and are much longer lasting than many strings I have played in the past.  These were for an electric acoustic I just bought, which is why I got a lighter string than I normally play.  I will move to mediums once I get the feel of the guitar.  Of course, they will be Elixirs as well."
B000A6ASSS Elixir's Nanoweb Light Phosphor Bronze strings are the best strings I've ever used on my Alvarez acoustic -- a guitar I've now owned for over 30 years.  They certainly are the longest lasting strings that seem to be out there, they have a nice punchy tone, and are easy on the fingers.  Unlike the Elixir Extra Lights that I found to be lacking in bass and just a tad on the mushy side on a short-scale guitar, these seem like an ideal combination.  I may buy another set soon and restring the short-scale instrument with lights.  Compared with some brands and gauges of more \"old school\" strings, there may be a little less bass response, but these sound good, pretty even through the set, and the convenience of not having to change strings so often outweighs whatever minor issues that one might have with the ping of the low E string."
B000A6ASSS You cannnot go wrong with Elixir accoustic guitar strings.  Taste in strings is difficult to discuss as what appeals to one may not appeal to another.  However, you cannot go wrong with those strings.  I highly recommend them.  I like their mellow sound which will last longer than other strings I have tried."
B000A6ASSS This is the only brand I would ever buy the sound is superior and easy to play. These are well worth the money!"
B000A6ASSS I love the Elixir strings. They sound great and play easy. I would recommend them to anyone. Give them a try.."
B000A6ASSS I am a beginner guitar player, so I don't have too much experience with different types of strings.  But, I can say that when compared to the stock strings of my Fender Acoustic guitar, these things are like night and day.  A much brighter sounds and a little easier on the fingers. Highly recommended."
B000A6ASSS You can never go wrong with Elixir Strings Acoustic Phosphor Bronze Strings NANOWEB Coating, 6-String,...The great long lasting sound is worth the extra cost."
B000A6ASSS These strings are just okay - they last about 4 months and then they start to fray a little bit."
B000A6ASSS they seemed a litte expensive but once you play them you know they will last you a VERY long time and their sound is great, these strings are not focused on performance but endurance, best string I've ever played!"
B000A6ASSS I absolutely love these strings. They enhance the deep rich sound on my dreadnought. They last a long time and they keep their great sound for a long time. If there was a way to give 10 stars I would."
B000A6ASSS Polyweb strings have a heavier coating so I prefer nanoweb for the ultra-thin coat and brighter sound. They're easy on my fingers and make the most beautiful sound. Because they're coated and have anti-rust, they last up to months longer than regular strings and don't make much finger sounds. Favorite strings."
B000A6ASSS I only use elixirs on my taylor now 1, because they last months on end while maintaining that new string zing, and 2 because they are super smooth. It's like playing a silk guitar. Get these strings."
B000A6ASSS These strings are noticeably warmer compared to the brighter Bronze Nanoweb. Still a great guitar string. A real winner for Elixir who are the originators of &#34;Goretex&#34; A real triumph of re-invention. Well done Goretex!"
B000A6ASSS If your like me and have a big dreadnaught, especially one with a spruce top and a scalped X bracing, you should really get these strings. They bring out the brightness my guitar was hiding with the D'Daddarios and they are about the same price. Best of all they last extremely long, but I've broken a few strings over the past months. Overall great strings and pretty consistent."
B000A6ASSS Very good string!! I've been using Elixir strings for about ten years now. I've been a full time musician for about 14 years now and for what I do these sound the best and last for 3 or more month's. Within these ten years I've only had 2 strings break on me, and I sometimes work 6 days a week for many for at a time"
B000A6ASSS I have never been much of a fan for coated strings. I normally use DAddario EJ 16's but I do like these Elixirs, after about 4 weeks of playing they are starting to fade, not stay in tune and I notice fuzz on the wound strings at the sound hole. They do feel nice to the touch and a nice tone but pretty expensive for four week turnaround"
B000A6GTDG I am very disappointed. The guitar was packed with its strings tensioned and the top detachment partially from the guitar body.It is unusable until repaired.Update: It has been several days after writing and attach photographs to the seller (Amazon), and have not received any communication."
B000A6GTDG Dont be cheap.  take it to a guitar shop and ask for a full tuning for new guitars.  The low e buzzed pretty bad until i did that.  If you are doing more than just finger-picking, you might want to add pick-shield.  My wife used it for some naked newborn pics and the guitar got most of the compliments which I had very mixed feelings about.  If you play mostly standing, this is the guitar for you.  If you sit down, it slides out from your lap alot due to the curve of the back.  But it is loud and sounds very rich considering the price of the guitar.  Good structural integrity thus far.  My newborn is now 15 months and its is holding up nicely considering how many times she has gotten a hold of it.  I really should get a case."
B000A6GTDG A friend of my has one and I just found in love with it. Great sound! Beautiful color! The Applause exceeds my expectation whether it is unplugged or amplified."
B000A6GTDG No Doubt.... It's not a really exceptional guitar but for the money you get more than you should. First impression of the guitar was terrible. I took it out of the box and started to play. The neck had a huge bow in it. The truss rod was completely loose. I had to adjust the truss rod to make the guitar playable. I'm not sure if it was just my guitar that wasn't set up or if that's the way they come. If they come with a loose truss rod then this guitar is not for a beginning player as properly adjusting the neck is best left to someone who knows what they are going. Once the neck was setup and the guitar tuned I was pleasantly surprised. The guitar sounded pretty good. The neck is thin and has the familiar feel of an electric. Action was good. Upper fret access is really good. The guitar stays in tune while playing. Plugged into an amp playing through the pickup offered no surprises. The bright red red stained finish on the top was a nice touch. I expected red paint. I would have preferred bigger frets for bending and ease of fretting. They are a little small. $175 for a roundback is really a no brainer. If your a beginner or have some playing experience you will enjoy this guitar and the value it offers."
B000A6GTDG This instrument might actually be in a class of its own. That is, it would be extremely difficult to find a guitar in this price band that comes even remotely close in terms of quality; not only with regard to craftsmanship, but certainly the sound it produces. The Applause exceeds expectation whether it is unplugged, amplified, or even run directly through a mixer. Beyond sounding comparatively spectacular, it is far more durable than perhaps any other hollow-bodied instrument on the market due to its components and design. The electronics are reliable and the instrument is accessible, or playable, to even the most novice of musicians. This guitar is the ideal instrument for a beginner or a younger musician, simply because it is cost efficient, durable, and as easy to play for the price as one might be able to find anywhere. Even experienced guitarists will almost certainly appreciate its action, sound and durability if not only for the purposes of practice and travel. This is an exceptional value and an excellent instrument."
B000A6GY1I These strings fit the Bill perfectly for \"MY\" desired sound from a Yamaha LJ-16 Acoustic Guitar which has been \"Doctored\" with Bone Saddle, Pins and nut. When I decided to put the money into the guitar, it was my belief that the Elixir Strings would continue to provide the sound and feel that I like so much in the LJ-16 and after all the work was completed......that proved to be true to form. I did move to the Medium for a little improvement from the Bass side and it's a most outstanding sound from a medium price, hand crafted guitar. Elixir has the best (most comfortable) feel, to me, of all the strings that I've tested and these provide the best (for my liking) sound on this guitar. Try them if it's quality sound that you're looking for..............These are great!!!!"
B000A6GY1I WAY better than stock strings that I received with my Fender acoustic.  I am a beginner guitar player, but I was definitely able to hear a much brighter tone and it felt a little better on the fingers."
B000A6GY1I These strings are my second choice after the Elixir 80/20 Bronze. They are warmer sounding, well balanced. Cost a lot but well worth it to me."
B000A6GY1I Guess this was an open box or dented box but the stuff inside seemed ok.  Will need to check them next week or so."
B000A6GY1I Strings on my accoustic were old, probably corroded.  It was time to replace all with frest strings.  These are great, did the job."
B000A6GY1I I have absolutely no gripes with Elixir nanoweb phosphor bronze strings. I have been using them since the first appeared on the scene and have become my go-to brand. I've read many reviews where some people complain of sting breakage. I have yet to ever break an Elixir acoustic guitar string (in over 10 years of playing them). Can't even imagine. The only other coated string that may be a little better is Clear Tone--but I have had inconsistencies with them and because they cost more, I just go with Elixir and am never disappointed. I'm not a fan of the \"Polyweb\" which has a much more visible thick coating. The nano-webs get it right--they last a long time, sound great, and as far as I know don't flake polymer dust in your kisser."
B000AAGM0M In my house alone we have a bass player, a acoustic guitar player, a sax player and a violinist, that is not counting myself (I attempt to play mandolin and harmonica, usually I fail) so diverse instruments used to require different tuners but with this little all in one the clutter of tuners and pitchpipes is history, I just set aside a music nook in the family room with this mounted to a music stand and everyone can tune before practice, the sax player sneers at us tuners but still finds use for the reference notes and metronome function built into this little beauty.just be sure to buy theKorg CM-100L Clip On Contact Microphone For Tunersif you want to tune your instrument while others are playing."
B000AAGM0M I have had a Korg CA-30 tuner for a few years which I really like.I wanted to get a metronome and liked the idea of having a combined unit.Initially I bought a Boss TU-80 for more money, but returned it because the response time and volume was not as good as the Korg TM-40,and the batteries rattled around in their compartment.Also I like having the middle green LED for tuning.The price here can't be beat and it's a well built item that works great.I was concerned about the power buttons sticking out too much, but they take more pressure that it would seem, and there is a delay until it turns on or off, so that turned out not to be an issue.I am not real hot for the color, but it's nicely made and works well, so I will live with it.I especially like the little folding stand in the back, rather than having to find an old credit card."
B000AAGM0M I have it for more than 6 months and mostly use it for practicing with the metronome.  I have another tuner, which is set EADGBE, that is much easy to tune without any confusion. Although this tuner has flexibility for tuning differently, it's confusing for me because it keeps changing the chord and going left & right +/-20 or more.  However, it's a bonus for using the tuner, and I don't have to bring all to the classes.  For the metronome, which is my initial purpose to purchase it, it's great and have enough adjustable calibration, 13 beats, rhythms, and tempos for practices."
B000AAGM0M I've owned this and a couple of other Korge Tuners in the past, and currently own three.In the past I would use a keyboard to get the bottom E on my guitar and take it from there. These days accurate portable tuners are so inexpensive I keep a few of these around and take at least one with me when I go out with my guitars. I also use it to tune my violin, and it works great.If you buy the new clip on sensor it even gets better.Over all for the cost you can't go wrong. These used to be expensive none-essentials, but today they're small accurate and portable."
B000AAGM0M Got this tuner/metronome as a replacement for a tuner-only model.  This is INCREDIBLY easy to use right out of the package.  The tuner function indicates clearly whether you are sharp or flat (or amazingly in tune).  The metronome is easy to use and has great subdivisions (eighth notes, sixteenths,etc).  For home and ensemble use, I personally couldn't ask for a better gadget for the price.  Very happy with it!"
B000AAGM0M This little box is great for metronome use. It is loud and the screen is easy to see. The tuner function can be a little disconcerting sometimes. It seems to work ok but the display might fluctuate from G to C when tuning to G on a Bass guitar. I used it to set my intonation on a new Bass and it was well worth the price I paid. I would buy another one if I lost this one."
B000AAGM0M I really like this product as it comes complete with all functions anyone needs. I just miss the \"mecanical\" click of a mechanic metronome. The rest is just great. i've bought a cable which allows me to connect the metronome to my line6 amp and the result is much much better."
B000AAGM0M I am quite pleased with this product. It's relatively inexpensive, small and light weight.  It operates on two AA batteries (included). I use it primarily for a banjo and a guitar and the reference is easy to use and appears to be quite accurate.  The LED and large meter allows these old eyes to see it easily. I should have ordered the CM-100 clip-on tuner at the same time (placed a separate order later) to allow to tune in a noisy music (jam or band) environment. You can fine tune your tuning with the calibration settings. There is also a 12 note sound generator built in for reference pitches. The metronome is pretty loud for the small size. I have a hearing loss, so if I can hear it, even while playing, it must be pretty good.  The speeds are from 40-208 BPM. You can select between two modes PENDULUM STEP (Preset values, 40,42,44---88,92,96, etc) or FULL STEP which allows you to change incrementally by one (40, 41, 42---206, 207, 208, etc). Beat tap allows you change the time signature from 0-7 beats and also duplets, triplets, quadruplets and triplets and quadruplets without center beats. It has a 1/8\" mini earphone jack for private use. It is possible to use the metronome and the tuner simultaneously. I bought mine from Austin Bazaar.  Shipping was FREE and FAST. I give it five stars and recommend that you can give it serious consideration."
B000AAGM0M This device functions wonderful but the beeping of the metronome could be a little louder and of a more pleasant tone (sounds like a 1980's video game beep) but I am just being picky. I bought this for my son and he loves it."
B000AAGM0M As an acoustic guitar player, I think this is a great product.I had previously been using the Korg GA-1, which is a fine basic tuner. The GA-1 works like many basic guitar tuners, where you designate the string and it shows you the note in standard tuning (or with one, two, or three flats). But the TM-40 works by just showing the pitch you're currently playing among any of the 12 reference pitches - making alternate tunings and open tunings much simpler.Now I use the TM-40 at home as my main tuner, and the GA-1 rides around in my case. Both great products."
B000AAGM0M Pros: It's a good tuner, it's a good metronome, and it's a great combination package. The flip-out stand on the back makes it easier to see than when it's lying flat. The metronome has excellent selections of different rhythms and is easy to program.Cons: the buttons on the front are raised on top of other raised areas, and it's too easy to accidentally turn the unit on. The tuning sound activated once in my pocket while I was sitting in the audience at a band contest. Also, unlike the CA-30 tuner, this one favors higher notes strongly over bass and makes it difficult to tune low instruments in a noisy environment.Also, it quit working suddenly after about a year. Other people I know who've had this tuner have complained about lack of durability."
B000AAGM0M Works well since I got it. I didn't change battery for more than 6 months."
B000AAGM0M The tuner is perfect for me.  It fits in the guitar case, mandolin case and the dulcimer case.  Just perfect for making those play dates at the Resonance Fair.  Always spot on with the frequency.  Nice product."
B000AAGM0M This metronome is a bit of the big size but there is really nothing like it.. It is so durable filled with options. Very versatile product for the seriousdedicated musician."
B000AAGM0M Tuner works as it should-- almost a little too precisely (it's pretty sensitive).The metronome will drive you crazy.  It has various beats which is a nice touch, but the sounds are horrible.  Think of the most sterile electronic clicks/beeps you can and then add nails-on-chalkboard for good measure.  There are much better sounding metronomes out there.  I bought this Korg for the tuner function and that's about all I'll use it for."
B000AC6DVS Works well - easily keeps my guitars humidified with less maintenance than other humidifiers I've had."
B000AC6DVS Dampit was recommended to me by a guitar instructor years ago, and I have used the standard model for some time. It seemed kind of tricky to get it to hold enough water to humidify the guitar yet still get it dry enough to have absolutely zero drips inside the instrument.I used to hang it by the clip and let it drip dry for about 15 minutes while I was doing other things before placing it in the guitar.Later I wound up trying the Humidipak humidifiers and to help recharge them on a Dreadnought, I took to putting the Dampit in a gallon plastic bag with distilled water and a resealable top, pressing on the sides to saturate it, then rolling it up in a Planet Waves Microfiber polishing cloth and pressing on the end of the cloth to soak it. Then unroll the cloth, put the dampit in under the headstock where a drop of water would just go into the hard shell case, then rolling up the end of the polishing cloth to cover the wet end with dry material and pushing it into the sound hole over the humidipaks. Worked great.So I ordered a super dampit for my new 000 acoustic planning to do the same. They now ship without the clips. Company says they've had too many complaints about scratches, though I didn't seem to have a problem, wasn't about to take a chance with a costly new acquisition. More importantly, there is supposed to be a sponge to absorb water inside the tube and when I pressed on the sides of the tube, it was empty. So I sent it back to Amazon for a refund. No problem getting the refund, but I'm moving on from dampit to try the planet waves insert with a sponge that has eliminated the chance of water dripping in the guitar or damaging the finish.If you use it to soak the polishing cloth as described above, that still works great, but there's really not enough room for that in the OM model, so between that and the missing sponge, will just try something else."
B000AC6DVS If you want to get humidity into a guitar, this product is a must. I works well -- and if one lives in dry area of the country, this is a must have product."
B000AC6DVS Erm, it does what it say it would do. The nice thing about the &#34;super&#34;, is its size, in turn, and its ability to hold more water."
B000AC6DVS Dampit humidifiers have been around for years and years.  I think that I can safely say that the basic design looks to be amazingly similar to what I remember when I saw these for the first time in my university days of the late 1970s.  Generally, Dampits can be used over and over for years.  Sometimes the rubber becomes discolored, sometimes the rubber rips near the end of the Dampit, but basically this is a very workable way to maintain at least a minimum amount of humidity in and around your instrument, something that is especially important during the winter months when artificial heat zaps the humidity out of the air.  This is the first instrument-specific Dampit product that I've ever purchased and it seems to work exceptionally well.  In addition to the standard Dampit, there's a sound-hole cover.  In case it is not clear just how it works, the clear sound-hole cover has a short string with a loop on the end.  You simply attach the Dampit to the loop and it hangs inside the guitar.  My first impression is that it does an excellent job of keeping some needed humidity in the body of the instrument, something very important on a solid-top classical guitar.  I would recommend this over the standard Dampit because the sound-hole cover is so convenient (hopefully it will continue to keep me from having to fish around inside the guitar for a runaway Dampit) and seems to keep the humidity focused in an area that is especially in need of it.  A must have if you keep your acoustic guitar in an environment that gets much below 40-50% humidity."
B000AC6DVS What else is there to say, they are easy to use, they are easy to install and they are easy to check.  I've tried them all and these are the only ones I come back to.  No expensive pads to buy, just use water.  Simple to drop down into the body of guitar, no attempt to fit some rubber block thingy into your sound hole.  Comes out as easy as it goes in.  I have 4 of them.  Love."
B000AC6DVS I live in Arizona and I keep my acoustic in the case with this dampit unless I'm playing it.  It seems to do a good job, although I would recommend purchasing a better meter.  The one it comes with is a simple paper design that gives you a decent estimate."
B000AC6DVS It works well.  This is a classic design that people have used for years and I can see why.  It it isn't broke, don't fix it.The only suggestion I would make is to have a different soundhole cover.  Maybe a sturdy plastic? The soundhole cover that is included is a very cheap, disposable plastic that looks like it was shipped with a cheap trinket.  I think the price is a little high for what it is. Rubber and foam tube?  Why do they charge so much?  I'd like to know the markup."
B000AKSUP2 Recently I switched from a Blackstar HT-5 to a Fender Mustang III V2 amp. Although the Fender is a great sounding amp, you don't get this natural warmth that you get with tubes there's this liveliness that's missing. So, although my cleans sound good, they aren't great. Although my overdrive sounds good... it's not great. Although my distortion... well you get the picture.Since adding this pedal was less expensive than buying a new amp I decided to give it a try. This pedal adds the same kind of sparkle to your sound that you would get from using a clean boost on a tube amp. I believe some people call it &#34;pixie dust&#34; ... that little bit of magic that makes your sound come alive.Interestingly enough, I don't leave this pedal on all the time. But when I stack pedals, or use certain effects like chorus, a shimmer reverb, or any effect with the exception of maybe a leslie... it's pretty awesome.It works different than an EQ... and if you have a tube amp - a clean boost may do the same thing... I think it really adds life to solid state amps."
B000AKSUP2 It's hard to really describe what this pedal does-  It doesn't distort, flange, echo, or produce a chorus.  I'd heard it described as making your amp sound like someone had thrown a blanket off of it.  And because words don't do an accurate job in describing it, I would have probably never pulled the trigger on one (even though they are pretty cheap as pedals go).  As luck would have it, I acquired one on trade, and I have to admit that I agree with the whole blanket euphemism.  This stompbox helps correct the boxy sound of my Blues Jr. when placed at the end of my pedaltrain- right before I run into the amp. I don't feel it needs to be run on a dedicated effects loop to improve an amp's tone, though I do believe it works even better in a loop.  I placed it in the effects loop of both a Palomino V8 (USA/Ampeg made) and a Crate VC508 (a 5 watt USA made EL84 tube amp with Celestian speaker) and it was transformative to both amps' tone (in a great way). It does very well with single coils.  It's a pedal that I would leave on all the time once my tone is dialed in.  I don't think it works as well when I run my LP into a Jet City combo - particularly when trying to coax out subtle textures / harmonics. That amp also lacks an effects loop and I imagine it would have a different effect if placed after the preamp phase.  I guess it's rig dependent, but it's a keeper for what it does to the sound of my Fender."
B000AKSUP2 This is a great pedal to put at the end of your FX chain. I have it as the last on my pedalboard before my GNX4. It's always on & it only took me about a week to settle on how I liked it adjusted. There are only two knobs & I just played around with them untill I was happy with the sound. I do a lot of recording & I also checked the sound after recording. Can't reccomend it enough especially considering the price."
B000AKSUP2 I like it. This is a good pedal for end of line tone adjustments. Like all other pedals, it's not \"The Pedal\" (seems like you always need another one). But it does add to the other pedals in shaping your tone. After you've settle on a setting you like, it adds a subtle, but noticeable addition to your sound."
B000AKSUP2 This pedal essentialy balances out the high, mid, and low frequencies yout instrument produces. I also have the software version of this effect on my DAW. This pedal does a great job of giving your instrument a more balanced and full tone. When I switch it on it allmost sounds like someone took a blanket off my amplifier. I highly recomend this pedal for and and all musicians."
B000AKSUP2 For those of you who are doing jangly pop stuff or real peaky, bitey blues material (think Albert Collins), this will likely add a little, and I mean A LITTLE, extra oomph to your sound. It sounds like it uses a touch of reverb and a dash of the higher end of the mids to make cleans sound more sparkling. But you should also be able to get the same sounds out of a Hughes and Kettner Statesman 40 or 60 watt amp, too, just running it straight.To me, from what I have heard, it adds nothing to those who use a fair amount of distortion in their music. It definitely doesn't add any more fatness. So 
B000AKSUP2 I'm not going to do any explaining about the \"science\" behind how this pedal works. I'm just going to focus this review on how the pedal affects your tone. This definitely isn't a boost, and it's also not an eq, the BBE sonic stomp is a uniquely functioning pedal. To the ear, it serves to add clarity, depth, and body to your tone. Essentially, this pedal allows you to get the most out of the tones your amp is already producing.The lo contour knob doesn't \"increase\" the amount of bass produced by the amp. Rather, it tightens up and generally increases the depth of the bass (and low mid) tone. To the ear this may sound at first like the bass has been increased, but it hasn't. You're just hearing all the bass tone that was there in the first place, that was jumbled up as the signal went from your guitar to the amp.The process knob really just focuses on the treble and high mid frequencies. These frequencies can often be very unpleasant and grating to hear, and the sonic stomp sort of evens and smooths out those tones so they are clearer and less harsh.That's not to say that you can't dial in some very aggressive and cutting highs if you play lead metal or something; indeed, it'll make those searing lead tones even better.Now, I gave this product 4 stars not because I've had any issues with it or haven't been in any way unsatisfied with it; but rather because it's really a fairly subtle effect. At first I almost couldn't tell a difference between having it on and off. With time I've been able to better recognize and appreciate the impact that it has on my tone, but it doesn't make a \"night and day\" difference.I recommend this pedal to someone who already has a tone that you're happy with, and just want to make it even better. This pedal won't make a cheap 15 watt solid- state combo sound like a tube half-stack. It won't make you love your tone when you were completely unsatisfied with it before.In conclusion, though I definitely wouldn't put this pedal into the \"must have\" category, it definitely improves the quality of my tone. This is a pedal that I leave on all the time, as it improves both clean and distorted tones."
B000AKSUP2 This pedal adds that \"I don't know what\" to your sound.I chased a sound for years until buying this pedal - what a difference.If you have great, top quality cable, quiet amps and pedal boards, shielded guitars, fresh tubes - you know the drill - you spend thousands chasing something you hear in your head - then you plug one pedal in and WHAMO!! - there it is!It was THIS pedal for me - just turn the knobs until \"it\" comes out of your speakers.A must have - especially if you are playing clubs, bars or arenas - you have a pedal board - and you are looking for that sound that is gonna finally push your sound out front - give your notes clarity during leads - make overdriven chords ring.I like this pedal - it's on my board - and it's never coming off."
B000AKSUP2 Back in the 90's I used to have an Ampeg guitar head with an effects loop. I discovered the rack version of the BBE in a music store and was amazed by what it did for the money. The amp I have now is a totally bad ass Fryette Deliverance 120, but sadly it has no effects loop. So I thought I was out of luck as far as a BBE goes, because as far as I knew they were only available in rack mount units that could not be placed anywhere but in the effects loop. Then I was looking for pedals on Amazon and, lo and behold, there was a BBE Sonic Maximizer pedal! I snatched it up with a quickness and I am very pleased that it sounds just as good as the rack version. One caveat- if your signal is noisy the BBE can actually increase your signal noise. For this reason I highly recommend using top quality patch and instrument cables and doing all you can to clean up any noisy aspects of your sound before you use it. This pedal is very subtle, but to an audiophile like me it is absolutely essential. It also works great for ANY instrument or sound system. It's also great for vocals as well. But you may want the rack version for those applications. I would also buy the rack version if I had an effects loop to run it through. IMO, the pedal is really only for those folks who have no effects loop but still like what the BBE does. I'd go with the rack just for ease of use and keeping it in the proper place in the signal chain. Plus you can get a stereo rack version and have two BBE's for not much more money that you can use for another application."
B000ARH3M6 I have always loved Hercules products. Their mic stands and guitar stands. They are great quality and very handy, especially this one, for performances where 3 guitars are used."
B000ARH3M6 Sturdily holds three guitars. Fits everything from my bass, to the acoustic or electrics, to the mandolin/ukulele, to the harmonicas in the case.Folds up for transport. Pretty adjustable too.I bought this after buying two of the single guitar stands from Hercules. I also have the trombone and sax/clarinet stand from them. All A+ at reasonable prices."
B000ARH3M6 Apparently one can never have too many guitars, and with this stand you can keep three of them ready for immediate access.  Very stable.  The auto-locking heads rock!  Folds-up pretty compact for travel.  The optional carry bag is a must IMHO."
B000ARH3M6 A real workhorse for sure.  Not too heavy but still very robust and reliable when you are holding up expensive guitars.  I also have the 6 guitar one which is incredibly big ... almost too big but still easy to use once you get the hang of it."
B000ARH3M6 I've had this stand for about 5 years and have used it on stage for the last 3 years pretty steady.  The first thing that broke was the piece that keeps that upper shaft from pulling all the way out of the base when you extend it - the disclaimer here is that it was very cold and I immediately extended it to the maximum point always letting it hit the collar to stop it. It's plastic; Plastic and cold don't mix - The retainer piece broke and went flying and I was standing there with my guitar stand in two pieces right before a gig.  I managed to get it back together but now I have to be very careful when extending the neck. The other part that I've been having problems with is the upper collar that mounts to the top of the stand and holds the guitar necks.  It has come up completely off and I must continually tighten that hex screw to prevent the top from falling off.  I won't mark this stand less then 4 stars even with those issues because it really is a great stand.  Another person noted to pay attention to your guitar dimensions, which is very good advice.  Long bass guitars end up resting on the bottom leg of the tripod."
B000ARH3M6 This is my 2nd Hercules Stand. Great stand for managing multiple guitars. Does not fair well when stored in non cooled area. The handle gets real sticky and causes problems. I have a friend who also experienced the same problem. So keep it stored in climate controlled area and it is a great stand."
B000ARH3M6 Just got my stand today... the QUICKEST delivery EVER with the Super Savings free shipping selected that I have ever experienced!  Go go, Amazon!  lulz  Anyhoo, I have two banjos and a mandolin that I purchased this for.  I looked about for quite a bit at various sites, reviews, prices, etc, and pretty much Hercules got the best reviews everywhere (although admittedly I hadn't really wanted to shell out over 50 dollars).  Yet this tri-stand really looked good with a solid general review, and I am rather tight for spa
B000ARH3M6 If you are like me and truly value your (usually) expensive prized instruments, then you want to make sure nothing happens to them, accidentally or otherwise. The Hercules stands are much much more stable than all the rest. They have a better base design, and even when the stand inevitably gets bumped there is no wobbling, no worries - just make sure you lower it all the way, as it is designed to be.These things are awesome. Also, everything fits so perfectly on Hercules stands. All of the other tri-stands lean your instruments in toward the top too much and cause the headstocks to bang together. Not here, plenty of room for everything now. This stand (and the double version which I also own) lets your gear hang down perfectly straight and protects it all with those very thickly padded stops you see near the base in the picture. Also, the hanging gravity grasp around the neck is so sweet. With all other stands I am always worried that my guitar will slide off, or if it gets bumped that it could fall out. This mechanism holds it tight until you want it, and releases it very easily and naturally for you, but will not let it go while it's just sitting there. Check these things out, you will not be disappointed.Also, as for durability, I have used and abused my Hercules stand for years, tossing it around my car to play at different places. It's been tossed, dropped, setup and stowed many times and it still looks and works just like it did when I first bought it. It doesn't even have any obvious visible scratches on it (it came with a bag but I discarded it and never used it). Meanwhile, I had gone thru dozens of regular cheapo stands over the years before I bought the Herc. I will only every buy Herc stands from now on."
B000B6DHAS This is one of the cleanest sounding mini-amps you'll find.  Mine has no hiss or noise through the headphones.  It uses JFET components which get close to a tube amp sound.  It does sound tinny through the 2\" speaker, but AM radio sounded just as bad through 2\" speakers.  I hated it at first until I plugged in a set of headphones and turned down the O. Drive knob.  Very clean but I could get some character out of it by tweaking the guitar's volume knob.  Turning the O.Drive knob up just a bit adds some sparkle.  Of course you can get really distorted sounds from the amp.  I'm building a speaker cab with a Jensen 6\" speaker just for this amp.  According to many reports it will drive a 1x12 cab."
B000B6DHAS This tiny little amp is great for practicing outside or in a canoe or while hang gliding.  But it is not very good at parties.  it cannot compete with the noise level that 20 people in conversation can make.  It is cheap, so you should just get one.  I am having great fun experimenting around with different settings, instruments, and power feed voltage levels.  (see the danelectro power supply for this thing, really cool!)"
B000B6DHAS This little amp is exactly what my son needed for his acoustic guitar's output while playing outside on the porch. The amp produces a much \"bigger\" sound with much better quality than expected. This does eat up 9v batteries so we also picked up an AC power adapter for when he uses this in the houses.We also like that this has a headphone jack, which cuts the sound to the speaker when plugged in.Highly Recommend! Note: We have the \"Burgundy\" color one.CFH"
B000B6DHAS This is 10 watt walkman size guitar amplifier. The controls are Volume/ off, Tone, and overdrive. It also has a headphone jack. In my honest opinion, it is a good headphone amplifier to use when to need to practice without disturbing people around you. The speaker sound is fine for a clean sound ( like jazz, or country) or semi distorted and more (rock). If your looking for an small amp. that will do metal this may not be for you. Defintely get the Danelectro DA-1 AC power adapter instead of batteries because you may go through them quick. Overall it's pretty good."
B000B6DHAS If you are getting this amp only for portable practice and just want to hear what you are playing and do not care if it sounds great then you will be happy with this little amp.  It sounds surprisingly good for twenty bucks. I said good, not loud.  Loud enough, yes. I suggest buying a power brick so you can plug it in for daily home use because the batteries only last for about five hours of playing time.  This is a great little amp for camping, a quick lesson, or going to a friends house for a little jamming etc.. If you keep your expectations reasonable you will be pleased.  Great color and retro style as well."
B000B6DHAS i have been a gigging guitarist for over 50 years now.i own all the coveted amps/guitars/fxfor the last few years i have been doing an outside gig on the weekends in a small mountain tourist town.i've used all the roland cubes that are battery powered.they were just fine.on a lark, i bought this danelectro honeytone. i'd read some good reviews and $20.00 isnt much money.i was shocked. going guitar straight into the amp produces great clean and od tones. but in my gig i have been using a boss me-25 with all my presets for my set plus a boss rc-2 looper and lastly, my phone with all my backing tracks. i play rythm, leads and sing in my gig.i connected all this to the single input of the n-10, put volume 1/2 and tone the same. od turned off. the sound is rich, full and IMHO sounds just as good as my roland cube street ($299.00).i have all the volume i need and great tone. the 9v battery lasts the entire 2 hr set.i am AMAZED by this amp."
B000B6DHAS I use this amp for playing in my small apartment and it works great. The clean and distortion channels both sound good paired with the Danelectro Model 59 M."
B000B6DHAS After reading numerous reviews talking about the exceptional volume and tone of this amp, for the price (about $16-$17) I had to try it.When I plugged my acoustic into this, I was very pleased to find those reviews are accurate.  First, let's not expect $500 double 16&#34; sound from a portable 9v amp.  Once that reality is recognized, it's realized this puts out far better sound than one would ever expect from an amp this size and price.I would note that the sound you get out of this amp-- as with any amp-- will be directly relational to the quality of guitar and pickup you're feeding from.  I tried this on three different guitars and each one sounded significantly different.  One had very rich tone, another sounded &#34;tinny&#34;, another had a passive pickup and required I turn the HoneyTune up quite a bit more than the one with active pickup.  So it won't sound the same on every guitar.That said, if your guitar has good tone and your pickup is good, this amp is simply awesome.  I've had it only one day so I haven't put it through the test of time... but first-impressions are that I will buy more of these in the future (I need more than one portable amp).My sister visited and heard it right after I opened the box, and she was impressed as well.  Neither of us expected this kind of sound from such a small amp.  And I have to say, the aqua color is major retro.  Gotta luv it.I've been looking for &#34;the&#34; portable amp for some time.  This is the best I've found to date and the value for price is a perfect balance. I don't know as I'd pay the $40-$50 for this guitar shops often ask, but the Amazon price is perfect. : )One last thing:  Danelectro branded 9v battery included, same color as the amp. Priceless."
B000B6DHAS The Danelectro mini amp was an impulse buy for me, but this thing is fantastic! clean tones to woodstock fuzz, this thing belts 'em out. only complaint- battery doesn't last too long. get a power adapter. otherwise- GREAT PRACTICE AMP!"
B000B6DHB2 This little amp kicks major ass, dood. I think I may have blown the speaker or it's just how it sounds but it's great for a lo-fi kind of fuzz-e tone when the gain and levels are all the way up. The clean tone is really nice too, a little to bright for my taste, but for a mini-clip amp it's not too bad. I can take this plus my tele to my friends house and sit outside and just didtle away. Theres a headphon jack, a 9v power supply and that's in for plug ins, No line in so you can't plug you ipod or whatever to it and play along but oh well. If you have a big rig and you just want something small for like a camping trip with some friends this is pretty great."
B000B6DHB2 the mini amp did not arrive with the battery as it was stated in literature. good thing I had purchased the 9volt power adapter. I was really surprised at the output considering how small the speaker size. ideal for kicking aound house and small partyof friends. should already come with 9volt adapter with along cord. it would be worth the increase in price to have it come altogether. would purchase again,"
B000B6DHB2 TheDanelectro Honeytone Mini Amp - Beatnik Burgundyis an easy way to get great sound from your electric guitar. The color of this unit is a soft burgundy (almost brick red in color). Paired with the Zero Hum AC Adaptor, it's a highly portable amp setup. \"Ultra-portable\" by using a 9V battery instead of the AC adaptor. I do think they are best purchased together to enjoy all the benefits of this rig though.A headphone jack on the amp means you can enjoy the amp's impressive sound quality without bothering the neighbors or waking your spouse.Included with the amp is an Owner's Manual with simple start-up instructions. You'll need to have your own cord (the one that goes from the guitar to the amp isn't provided as part of the amp package...). The manual has several control settings for the following sound tweaks:-Clean & Spanky-Warm Jazz-Big Amp Overdrive-Killer Blues-Distorted Rhythm-Thick Solo-Woodstock Fuzz-Send the Cats Under the Bed-Twang-Mondo Sustain-Brit Solo Tune-Sparkle Clean-Early 80's Clean Solo-Late 60's Neck Solo-70's Brit-70's SoloI paid under $20 for this amp and couldn't be happier with the product. Don't hesitate to pick one up for yourself.UPDATE: 7/19/12There is a space in the back of the unit for 1 9-volt batteryDuracell 9-V Alkaline Batteries, 4-Countor you can use the included AC adapter to power the amp.UPDATE: 9/19/12 Per reviewer Paul Stewart: \"As a point of clarity - the current version of this item does NOT ship with an adapter nor cable. Be prepared to purchase these in tandem.\"  FYI...UPDATE: 11/17/13Almost 4 years ago I bought this item, and it's still going strong!  Great deal.UPDATE: 7/11/14YUP!  It's still kickin' along. Super buy on this mini-amp."
B000B6DHB2 Look, it's a plastic box that's just 5.5&#34; square and 2.5&#34; deep, with a cheap three-inch speaker inside. It produces decent sound, although there's substantial background hiss and it has a nasty habit of picking up digital &#34;static&#34; from my computer. It's OK as a practice amp, but I certainly wouldn't want to perform with it. In short, it's only a small step above toy level, which is what you'd expect for a twenty-dollar amp. That doesn't mean it's not useful, but you need to be realistic about what you're getting here."
B000B6DHB2 Brough this for trying \"electric\" feels on the acoustic guitar, and don't want to waste too much money on electric acoustic (preamp) guitar or big amp if I don't like the \"eFeels\". After researching awhile and reading tons of good reveiws of it, I decided to give it a try.  I didn't expect too much on $20 amp, but surprisingly, it positively gives me more than I ask for.  I also brough it with the adaptor, which is great to save $$ for long runs, and I don't have to worry about the battery for home practices.  It is adorable out of the box; it looks like a lovely toy, but it works professionally based on its 10w amp.  I don't care much about the manufactor's suggested modes, basically, I just fool around with the three button controls to whatever sounds I like in different songs on guitar / uke.  I like the small size that won't take too much space on my tiny room, it's cute to look at, and it is practical too!I had the high frequence of feedback as one of the reviwers when I used a poor pickup; however, when I changed to another one, I can turn the volume as high as I want with the same direction and setup as the previous poor pickup.  I almost thought that was an issue from the amp, luckily, I have two different pickups to try it deeply.  After using the better pickup, the amp doesn't have any issue yet.  I have used for few times, so I don't know about its longevity yet!One more thing about the headphone mode that is not completely silent because the guitar's sound itself won't be muted, but the headphone does mute the effected sounds from the amp; anyway, it's a great feature to have."
B000B6DHB2 I own one of these amps and it is capable of everything from very clean to heavy over-drive. I love it. It's got tone galore! I play either a Martin A/E thru it or a Strat knock-off.  Either one sounds awesome.  Never dreamed of such an enjoyable little amp, let alone for $20. Battery life seems OK, but I hate messing with batteries, so I'd buy power supply (you can get a 9V supply (check for proper polarity) at the Thrift store for a buck).  Don't even think about it.  Get it.  $20 is pocket change."
B000B6DHB2 This little amp is exactly what my son needed for his acoustic guitar's output while playing outside on the porch. The amp produces a much \"bigger\" sound with much better quality than expected. This does eat up 9v batteries so we also picked up an AC power adapter for when he uses this in the houses.We also like that this has a headphone jack, which cuts the sound to the speaker when plugged in.Highly Recommend!CFH"
B000B6DHB2 i knew it would be small but i wasn't thinking this small, ,it shore is cute,, good enough for now ,but not for the long-run,, shore its loud for the size but, it rattles when you turn it up and amps slides  from vibration,,if you keep it on lower sound its fine, this is only for temporary use for me. its an ok tiny mini little amp  (for it's size its good,) don't exspect a fender amp thats all,"
B000B6DHB2 For $20 you can't go wrong. Its a lot of fun to use this little amp for practice and it goes anywhere."
B000B6DHB2 Based on other reviews, I made my purchase. This is a great unit, it sounds good and loud enough.Two downsides, both are about the noise.1. I live on the 4th floor. As long as I turn the volume up, it acts like a radio.. I mean very loud radio background and I couldn't get ride of it. This is the only thing that annoys me, but I think it depends on where people live.2. When this is not properly tuned, it sounds strange and makes a lot of noise. (Other than the radio part.)None of these are major issues, as a mini amp you can't really expect that much, not to mention it's not expensive at all. Overall I like it and I would recommend it.By the way, this unit comes with a 9V battery."
B000B6DHB2 I got this when I was just learning how to play guitar.  I was using a borrowed First Act guitar without any amp and I wanted to see what kind of sounds I could make.  It was inexpensive and fun to use.  The sound quality isn't the greatest, but that's to be expected.  You can dial in quite a few different sounds and it comes with a sheet showing you how to make different sounds.  It's very light so make sure you set it on the floor because you will be pulling it over with the guitar cable.  I pulled it off the table a couple of times with no ill effects, but I wouldn't want to take any chances."
B000B6DHB2 this is the perfect amp for bed practice! i just plug near to me and practice when i like to practice, no heavy amps to move just plug and chill , not a great sound but is for practice not for concerts!nice item good purchase"
B000B6DHB2 Bought this for my son. Its perfect for practice. Great portability. Has a nice clean sound, as well as a decent overdrive sound. Sounds great with an electric acoustic. Its surprisingly loud for a small amp. You can't beat the price. I highly recommend this!"
B000B6DHB2 Sounds a lot more than what you expect, this is my 2nd Honeytone (one at home, one at work).  You can use it with batteries or with a 9V adapter, it has a clip to hang it on your belt or wherever you want, it also has a headphones input.  It gets way to distorted at high volume, but come on... it's a $20 amp; it does what it has to and does it well."
B000B6DHB2 This is a fun little practice amp about the size of a large sandwich. Three knobs, volume, tone and gain give it a little versatility. Runs forever on a nine-volt battery. I keep mine next to the couch so I can always plug in and have some fun. It's small but it can also be quite loud of you want it to be.Overall a great little deal for the price. Stop waiting and grab one, you can't go wrong."
B000B6DHB2 It's not going to win any awards for sound quality, but it sure is cute.  As you might expect, it's a pretty boxy sounding little amp, more reminiscent of 60's portable transistor radios than a double stack Marshall.  But it did the two things I wanted it for.  First, it has a belt clip, which I can attach to my belt or a guitar strap.  Second, it has a headphone out, so I can plug in a set of ear buds (1/8&#34; stereo jack).  You can get it to a clean decent practice room level if you keep the drive control set at minimum.  Surprisingly, the Drive control works it's way in gradually, letting you control the distortion a bit with the guitar volume control. With the drive control cranked up, you can get the amp unexpectedly loud, but terribly distorted.  For something you can throw in your guitar gig bag and take with you wherever you go, it's not too bad.  With a set of earphones, I would put it on par with some of the more expensive amp-jacks that are available.  If you plan to use it as a practice amp and you're not moving about, I would recommend getting a power supply (will use the same ones as most effects pedals).  Battery life appears to be around 3~5 hours, but the performance starts degrading at about an hour's use."
B000B6DHB2 I use this for a bass, and while I cannot get deep tones, it is great to take to the beachor play with my acoustic guitar friends.  Tip:  it sounds better if you don't cramp it all the way up - stop at 90%."
B000B6DHB2 I wanted a portable small sized amp for using my electric guitar outdoors -- but was not really in a position to pay the big dollars for one of the high end brands. There is of course, very little bass response with this one and it is a tad tinny, but hey, it's just a 9 volt battery. I just wanted the guitar audible for practicing outside and this is a very neat little device. They put a lot of thought into this amp, and it is outstanding for the budget price. Keep in mind, you can patch another 9 volt powered device through this one to enhance it -- I will at some point run my Boss Digital Delay box through it to check that out. The belt clip on the back and triple adjustment dials are nice, and I got it in red as a change of pace, because I always get &#34;black&#34; with my equipment. It looks very nice and the vintage front design gives it a lot of character. Nice product, Danelectro."
B000B6DHB2 I bought this amp as a back up for my 9 year old son and to take to the park... This is a nice little amp, it sounds prety good for the price. Just dont expect a booming base or grand sound from it."
B000B6DHB2 I buy and sell electric guitars and often I meet with someone at a half-way point where access to electricity is unavailable. I was surprised at the volume and tone that came out of a unit so small.  There is even and overdrive which makes this totally cool as some of my customers want to schredd a little.  This is battery operated but can be plugged in using an adapter.  I bought a Planet Waves 9V Power adapter to go with the Honey Tone.  It might work in a Busker situation."
B000B6DHB2 Don't get me wrong...this is a great little amp for practicing...but it eats batteries like they were candy. I think it was like 2 or three hours of playing and I had to throw in new batteries. But if playing on the street corner is your thing...this little amp has a belt clip."
B000B6DHB2 Ok I've owned 2 of these Danelectro amps. For one they are cheap in price, loud in output, and can be used as external speakers when attached to computers via wired or with purchase of a cheap Bluetooth adapter from ebay or amazon. Recently I purchased this item on ebay for $10 - Bluetooth Audio Music Receiver V3.0 Wireless Stereo Adapter For Smart PhonesNow I can connect to my tablets, smartphones, and computers and use this amp as a great external Bluetooth speaker.  Plus the battery life is great. Try to buy a BT speaker on amazon with this wattage that's cordless and works from battery power, and you will spend well over $200.The included battery is worthless and dies in about 5 minutes. I installed a 550mah rechargeable 9v battery (ebay) and it lasts forever.Plus I can still use it as a lower quality jam amp when I want... for this price its hard to beat."
B000B6DHB2 This micro amp is a real blast in more ways than one. And it is NOT a toy. Don't be misled by the price--this is a real amp based on stompbox electronics, and while it may not be a Marshall stack, it is more than adequate as a highly portable practice amp as well as a performance amp for small spaces. It is certainly loud hough to evoke complaints from my neighbors in adjoining apartments.I bought this amp for use durng harmonica practice. To this end, I use the belt clip to mount it on my hip. Then I just patch in my mike, twiddle the controls, and go to town. The tone has been fairly pure although, with a mike at least, I can also get some pops, crackles, and squeals. This is pretty typical for anyone amping a harp, so the Honey Tone is not at fault. In general, this amp is pretty forgiving of the input. I've used it with a high-impedance mike (Astatic JT-30), a low-impedance mike (Behringer XM8500), and electric guitar (Fender Stratocaster). It handles these without noticeable signal loss.What is this amp exactly? My guess is that Danelectric took the circuitry for its overdrive stompbox, added a 1-watt amplifier circuit, and put the whole shebang into a retro case. The result is quite appealing. And t
B000B6DHB2 I cant tell you how impressed i am with this mini amp, I was expecting some little amp with a somewhat of a sound, Instead I couldn't put it away, I must have played for at least a couple of hours in complete awe, The tones you were able to achieve with just a little knob adjustment was amazing,I would recommend this to anyone that needs a cheap amp, The 9v battery holds up well (which is surprising considering the drive you got off it)So spend the $20.00 and get something that is a real deal, I hope this helps with your decision about purchasing one"
B000B6DHB2 I wanted to like this. I really did. The idea of an amp this portable and cheap just made me think, &#34;Perfect&#34;. However, the unit I received was cr@p, and I'm going to assume it was defective and not blanket all the positive reviews with dispersions. The one I got kept cutting in and out. You might be playing a solo line and you might hear about 75% of the notes or something. And when holding a chord, the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds. Frustrating.I did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit. The so-so sound a
B000B6DHB2 I've tried several &#34;portable amps&#34;.  For the price, the HoneyTone can't be beat.  It has volume, tone and overdrive knobs (the overdrive can go way too over, so easy on that one).  Comes with a battery but can be connected to a 9v adapter (important note: reverse polarity, negative central).  Interestingly I have found this amp seems to work significantly better with acoustic-electrics or piezo-based pickups better than magnetic pickups.  But for a small, portable, light-weight practice amp which one can hook to a belt and attach an earphone... they don't come much better.  It has a belt clip on the back but you'll have to supply your own earphones and 9v adapter if you want them.  Battery is included. Of course a guitar cable is a required extra.Well worth the money."
B000B6FBA2 I'm giving this one 5 stars, with the caveat that you MUST GET THE SILVER ALUMINUM one, otherwise the black thermoplastic ones do break. The thermoplastic ones broke on me within 2-3 months of use, 3 different ones, until I got the silver one which has not had that problem. Every music store I go to locally has the black thermoplastic ones, and they look in disbelief at me when I say they break. But they did --if I leave it on the guitar on a fret for 5 or 10 minutes and go into the kitchen to make tea, the thing literally snaps and breaks into 2 or 3 pieces and goes airborne at high speed in 2 pieces, and could poke someone's eye out in a public performance, freaky. There's something about the rainy days higher humidity cool damp air pressure and/or temperature fluctuation that does it.I live in northern california, so I don't know if a dry climate like the southwest would not have that problem.The SILVER ALUMINUM ONE by contrast, hasn't broken in now nearly a year of use, and shows no hints of doing that. It feels different in the hand from the thermoplastic-- no hint of plastic, but it is very light and not heavy like the G7 ones are. I made sure to order the silver aluminum one through Amazon, since the description on the black ones say some are aluminum and some thermoplastic, and I only want to make sure I get the aluminum one.The silver aluminum Planet Waves capo really is the best capo I've ever had, super easy to use, very easy to put on and switch from one fret to another while you're going from playing one song to another (you don't have move your body or the guitar like you do with all other capos to put it on or move it, which is a spectacular design), it keeps the strings in tune better than most other capos, and it's out of the way of your hands, doesn't interfere when you play any chord. The screw adjustment is in the perfect place for the least strain and doesn't hurt the fingers when turning it. It's the least obtrusive and best capo ever. I'll also add that I have an old carpal injury so I want the least strain, and small hands, so I want the least awkward and most light capo, and this does that. I absolutely love it, and I'm glad that the aluminum ones are durable."
B000B6FBA2 Nice design... Small, lightweight and very easy to use, dose the job well. I am thinking about getting a 2nd one."
B000B6FBA2 This inexpensive capo works as advertised. It's the plastic version of the more expensive metal one but it works as advertised and is ideal for a light weight backup."
B000B6FBA2 I'm happy with this purchase. I bought it during the Black Friday sale. It works for what I use it for. When not in use, it just gets put away. Doesn't take a lot of space."
B000B6FBA2 Purchased this capo after having a bad experience with a spring style capo.  This capo was just perfect for my needs."
B000B6FBA2 In 40 years I have had every kind of capo out there. This is the right one. This one works. Buy one for each of your guitars and keep them in the case: they are well made and inexpensive enough."
B000B6FBA2 It is really good to have one of this to change the tone of the songs to make it easy to play!"
B000B6FBA2 It does a good job for it's primary purpose as a capo so I gave it four stars.  It works flawlessly, but the one minor annoyance is that it doesn't easily stay on the head of the guitar except above the nut where if you screw it a bit tight it could mess with the tuning of the guitar.  With clamp on capos you can just clamp them on the wood."
B000B6FBA2 Pretty darn good in every way. Trim and easy to use. Solid construction. I recommend this capo without reservation. I like it and it is small."
B000B6FBA2 This is a fantastic little capo.  I say little because it is not as big as the spring loaded type, of the Shubb capos I've used.It has a low profile, and I can reach right up to it and still play well.It seems to be sturdy and well constructed, and I love that I can easily adjust how much tension to put on the strings.  Just enough so they don't buzz and then the strings will stay in tune when the capo is off.Much cheaper than the G7th, and does the job just as well in my opinion.For everyone saying that you can't fit it on the neck, make sure you get the right capo!  If you have a classical guitar, get a classical capo!  If you have a guitar with a really thin neck get the lite model capo.  If you are like most people who have regular size guitar necks, get the normal one.Don't write bad reviews of the product because you bought the wrong kind."
B000B6FBA2 I love this capo better than any I have seen or used. Great quality and price. You wont go wrong with this capo."
B000B6FBA2 I don't have a classical guitar, but I just got an inexpensive but really fun steel string guitar with a non-radiused fingerboard.  I've also got over a dozen capos (don't ask!) but all are for radiused fingerboards.The fingerboards of most steel-string guitars--electric and acoustic--are radiused, that is, they are not flat.  They have a gentle curve to them, so gentle that many wouldn't notice it unless they looked closely. Look up \"fingerboard\" in the Wikipedia for an excellent discussion and Google images for diagrams and pictures.Even though the curve is gentle, if a fingerboard is radiused, a capo must be curved, too, or the outside strings would not be pressed down properly and would buzz.  If a fingerboard is flat, like a classical guitar's, the capo must be flat, too, or the center strings will not be pressed down properly and will buzz.If you're not sure whether your guitar's fingerboard is radiused, slide a ruler between two frets.  If it lies flat, then so is the fingerboard.  If it rocks, the fingerboard is radiused.I REALLY like this capo because of the way pressure is adjusted by turning the tension screw.  This makes it possible to exert just the right amount of pressure--not tool little, which would cause strings to buzz, and not too much, which would cause the instrument to go out of tune.As others have noted, its one drawback is that it can't be clamped to the headstock when not in use.  But for that, I'd replace most of my capos with radiused versions of this capo.  HIGHLY recommended!"
B000B6FBA2 My eleven year old guitar player is very happy with this capo. It's easy for him to use and adjust."
B000B6FBA2 Love this capo on my electric guitar.  I can adjust the tension for any position on the neck very easily.  Tried other more expensive capos, but this one is the Winner!"
B000B6FBA2 In this price point - it's a good capo - if you know how to put one on and use it. I use it for lessons in case a kid steals it - so I'm not losing my G7 capo which was $40. Great capo."
B000B6FBA2 The only instrument this works well on is my Yamaha guitarelele which has nylon strings, for steel strings I want more pressure, I advise getting the NS Capo that is not \"lite\",  I prefer that one above this model."
B000B6FBA2 You have to turn the knobs every time you want to use this. What a pain. Oh well, it was cheap enough to have around."
B000B6FBA2 This is an awesome capo!  It's sleek, light,easy to install (you can do it with one hand) and looks nice on the instrument.  I use the NS capo on my Gibson SG Special faded and it does exactly what it is supposed to do.  I love the dial, it's very easy to use and lets me set it to the just the right amount of pressure where I can still bend the strings but there is no fret buzz.  Awesome product, much better than using a Kyser that puts your guitar out of tune and leaves gouges in your neck.  Sounds great on my SG and my acoustic.For those of you wondering yes it does clamp on the headstock if you tighten it down enough.  I think it also depends on the width of your headstock but it works for me."
B000B6FBA2 There's nothing not to like about this capo.  I have two of them.  I've played guitar for over 40 years and have used other types of capos.  I like this one's low profile and the fact that you provide the pressure to the fretboard (by turning a knob to tighten it) rather than rely on a spring, as on the clip-on type. It takes a few seconds longer to install than the clip-on type, but I like the results better."
B000B6FBA2 Was not sure about this one but it is darn easy to use and works quite well.  I still use the Kayser for most stuff but this is great for a backup."
B000B6FBA2 We ordered one, it worked so nicely, we ordered 2 more.  You can adjust the tension precisely to fit your guitar, and minimize string stress and de-tuning each time you move your capo.  Very nice product."
B000B6FBA2 This is a very nice product to use.  I would recommend it to anyone. It is small enough to be out of the way while playing."
B000B6FBA2 Great item!Sturdy, had it for a few weeks now. Small, light, durable. Holds the strings down perfectly too Great capo!"
B000B6FBA2 These are nice, easy to use capos and the price was great.  I got several of them to use during my guitar class, when someone doesn't have a capo and needs one."
B000B6FBA2 Works well, arrived fast. No problems. Works as described. A good purchase for a low priced capo.Works for acoustic and electric"
B000B6FBA2 I purchased a Classical guitar and only had a traditional (steel string) Capo available to me. Not thinking it through I used it on my Nylon Stings and after a few times I realized it had damaged the string to the point they had to be replaced. Along with my string order I added this Capo so it does not happen again.Pros:It's small and lightweight.It's very well made. It not  only looks great but also appear to be of high quality.It's very adjustable. Unlike my steel string Capo, this uses a screw/knob to tighten, not spring loaded. This allows you to finely tune the capo to add just enough pressure to bar the fret but not damage the stings.It works on steel strings. Yep, I found my self needing a Capo on another guitar and only having this with me, I saw no reason it should not work so I gave it a try and it performed wonderfully. I won't be using it full time on my steel strings, but great to know in a pinch I have use it.If you need a great capo thats gentle on your Nylon strings then this is the one to get."
B000B6FBA2 I always seem to have to re-tune with the spring loaded capo's.  Rarely have to re tune with this one.  Highly recommend."
B000B6FBA2 I ordered one of these because I like my other Planet Waves Capo a lot (I believe its the older metal version of this, not the &#34;Lite&#34;). However, this one just does not screw down enough to hold down the strings, especially down at the lower frets where the neck is a little thinner (on a Martin jumbo acoustic). It will barely bend the strings down behind the fret but not enough to prevent buzzing. Your fretting hand will naturally push the capo back and out of position quite easily when playing open chords too.I'm not sure why the plastic version has this issue when it appears to have an identical design to the old metal one. It doesn't seem defective as no parts are bent or missing as far as I can tell. Unless I just happen to get one with a shorter than normal screw, I wouldn't recommend it for any guitar without a thick neck.My recommendation is the classic Kyser capo thats more dependable and quicker to apply and remove (it also attaches to your headstock effortlessly when not in use). If you are looking for the screw-down style, I would look for the older version of this and avoid the &#34;Lite&#34;."
B000BBRZ3S A Little History:I have been a guitar player for forty-odd (some of them, VERY odd) years.  For the first thirty of them, I tuned by ear - starting by guessing at what a low E sounded like, then tuning the other five strings by fretting, listening and tuning.  I could never understand why the tuning often sounded perfect for one chord, yet remained `off' for others... it took quite a long time to get it right.  Then, about ten years ago, I thought I had figured it out.  The problem (I thought) was that my guesses at a true \"E\" were off - so I got myself an \"E\" tuning fork (320 cycles) and used it to tune the first string.  Then, I did as I had always done - fretted and tuned the other five. Not much better as a result - kept having to tune and retune for quite a while to get all chords to sound right.  During those years, I tried tuning all six strings to (what I believed was an accurately tuned) piano as well as by ear to tones available online.  Nothing gave me better tuning on the first try.  Then, I saw an ad for a Chromatic Tuner and lightening struck.The Realization:There have been many -  each of which has led me closer to what I have now - near perfect tuning on the first go `round!  First off, I realized that when we say \"E\", that is not just one note.  It is a range of literally hundreds - perhaps even thousands- of specific tones.  The same is true for every note.  This is akin, I guess, to the realization as a child, that no matter how many shades of `blue' are in a box of crayons, the chanced of having the precise shade you want for a specific drawing are rare.  Purchasing my first Chromatic Tuner (a CT440, manufactured by SwitchMucic and sold through MusiciansFriend.com) moved me a long way along the continuum of learning and accurate tuning.  However, that tuner had at least two limitations. Firstly, it's construction is rather light and flimsy - it works OK, but has a second limitation that conaused me to buy the Korg (for about the same price)  That is that the Korg has a built in tone generator and speaker allowing the option of tuning that way rather than having only the single option of having tones made by the instrument read and metered back to you.  Both tuners have plug-in for electric instruments, and, so far as I can tell, their accuracies are similar.  I prefer the Korg for the reasons I have mentioned.  Additionally, the Korg can be manually recalibrated for special tuning needs - and `remembers' the original tuning/tones so you can return to it for more `standard' usage. A nice, extra piece of flexibility. The LCD meter is easy to read and colored lights tell you, right away, whether you are sharp, flat (and by how much!) or right on!As a point of surprising interest, the tuning fork I had used for years turns out to be profoundly FLAT! A shock to me - given that I had grown up learning that tuning forks gave off perfect tones! I have saved it as a reminder that all things are not what they are promoted to be. I guess the round pitch pipe that Ms. Sweeny used to tune up the class in the 5th grade was probably not quite as precise as she would have presumed!And Finally:This is a marvelous little (and inexpensive) device - well constructed, accurate and flexible to allow for many different tuning need situations and circumstances.  I assume that there will be still higher places for my `learning curve' in this area to rise to - but for right now, this is it.  I am using it, regularly, on all my stringed instruments (two six-string Martins, a twelve string Epiphone and a frailing banjo.  The time it saves tuning the 12-string alone makes it more than it's own price!)If you have not discovered Chromatic Tuning (maybe I really WAS the last one to discover these things!?), I suggest you do so immediately and spend your time enjoying the pleasures of making music rather than sitting in frustration trying to adjust the tunings by ear so it sounds `really' right. Perhaps people with `perfect pitch' can do very nicely without a Chromatic Tuner - I am not one of them. Are you?"
B000BBRZ3S It is inexpensive but is difficult to use  anywhere with other noise..I used it for several years but it is only a backup now.. Nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning, although probably would not be used by most musicians.. Other than that I think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner.. I would not recommend it."
B000BBRZ3S This is a nice little tuner. It is small, easy to read and use. It has a non-backlit LCD display of an analog VU style meter, with extra marks at plus and minus 20 cents, and red LEDs that light when a tone is sharp or flat. It has a green LED and large mark for being on target. It has a built-in mic for acoustic instruments, and a mono 1/4 inch phone jack for electric instruments. It has an active tone you can switch on for tuning, but that is only adjustable over the narrow range of 410-480hz. It uses a pair of AAA size batteries that you pop the whole case open to change. If you have any vision problems, the display might be an issue. The LCD is about 1 1/2 inches long and 3/4 of an inch high, and, like all non-backlit LCD displays, has a narrow viewing angle and reflection issues.I wanted this for tuning didgeridus that I was making, and it works adequately for that. The one thing it is lacking that disappointed me is a frequency or octave readout. As it is, it gives you the note and cents sharp or flat, but does not give an octave number or frequency of the sound. So, you know you are tuned to a C, you just don't know exactly which C it is. Probably not much of an issue if you are tuning a regular instrument, but in some cases would be very handy to know. I suppose with more training and experience, I could learn to tell that by ear. (What? Learn a skill! Isn't that asking a bit much?)I suppose for an inexpensive tuner, that is the trade-off, but it does detract from the usefulness of this tuner for my purposes. Other than that, it seems to work well. It is consistent, easy to use, and compact. I consider it about average in value - it does the basics well but is missing what I consider an important function in such a device. I may be expecting too much for the price, as I have not done an exhaustive study of tuners and their specs. Having the octave feature would make it 4 stars for me instead of three.In any case, if you don't need to know the actual octave or frequency but just the accuracy of the notes you are tuning, this works quite well, and is not very expensive."
B000BBRZ3S What can I really say! Tunes my entire arsenal.From. Cigar Box Guitar, 3 string Strummers, Tacoma Papoose, andmy brand new Laguna 6 string..Getting ready to make few Uke's and it will Tune them also..Need a all n one Tuner, buy this or an I-Phone? The Korg is the perfectTuner.."
B000BBRZ3S I've had two of these tuners. They are well known among bass instrument players for being able to lock in on the lowest pitches better than most other tuners. They're durable and have a long battery life. Unlike most other tuners, in noisy environments they don't lock in on higher pitches before lower ones, again a plus for low instrument players.The one problem that I've had with these tuners is that one of them had to be set to A-439 to tune pitches that other tuners recognized as A=440. Strange."
B000BBRZ3S this tuner is easy to use.  I like that it has the input jack for electric guitar as well as acoustic.  It makes it so much easier.  this is my first tuner in a long time and I'm please with it."
B000BKY8CU Excellent Product, it is well cushioned. I'm a typical overweight American. Great Sale Price!(Lucky Timing) All Black and fully Assembled! Doesn't get any easier than that... (Batman)"
B000BKY8CU I bought this bench on an Amazon Warehouse Deal so that I could get it on Prime delivery and was not disappointed at all. The bench is very sturdy and comfortable - the cushioning is thick and soft. The item arrives flat packed and can be adjusted to the correct seating height in seconds. This bench is just what I was looking for and I'm sure it will serve its purpose for many years."
B000BKY8CU I actually like this bench a lot. It fits into my gear back (rolling duffle style) that contains my cables / power strips etc., with only the folded legs sticking out of the bag. I have the KT7800, which is much larger seat area, and easier to adjust. Depends on your preference I suppose, this one is smaller / lighter, the other is larger / easier to adjust."
B000BKY8CU The Keyboard Bench is lower than I anticipated.  The seat is very soft and comfortable.  However, it doesn't appear to hold anyone with excess weight."
B000BKY8CU It has a comfortable seat and seems stable and well-made.  However, if you need to haul it around frequently, it takes a bit of time to set up and screw down or open up the screws that hold the moving stability bar on the bottom of the seat. Also, if you need to adjust the height, you have to remove the entire bolt assembly seen at the crossing point of the bars, and then select one of three holes that are only an inch or some apart from each other.  So, not much selection there."
B000BKY8CU For me, I can click this in so it is a nearly perfect height. The padding is great, it is lightweight without feeling cheep."
B000BKY8CU I bought this for my daughter who plays the keyboard. It was already assembled right out of the box, and seems well padded and sturdy. My daughter likes it. I like the price because of the special deal from Amazon."
B000BKY8CU This assembled in just a couple of minutes without the need to refer to the instructions. The bench is comfortably padded and very affordable."
B000BKY8CU It isn't top of the line but it gets the job done. I wouldn't abuse of the chair too much though, the material looks a little floosy."
B000BKY8CU I'm a heavier fellow (5'11, 220) and some of the harder benches I've tried were a tad uncomfortable for long sessions. This one, on the other hand, is very comfortable and has plenty of padding and support. It folds up easily and looks to be very well made. 5 stars, no complaints, and much nicer than a lot of the more expensive options."
B000BKY8CU The price is a great selling point, just by itself.  I use it with my acoustic guitar and the On Stage FS7850B Guitar Foot Rest that I bought off Amazon as well.  It's a good combo.  It leads me to playing for longer periods.  It's solidly constructed.  It folds and is definitely portable.  Great buy."
B000BNSYHW I bought this to restore the neck of an Ibanez that I had ordered used and knew needed TLC.After a few coats of this stuff the neck looked/played/felt like it was just out of the factory! It restored years of neglect in just a few minutes.When I bought this I though it wouldn't be enough. BOY WAS I WRONG. I'll have enough of this oil to last me awhile which makes me happy because I can get that new guitar feel out of my neck for months if not years to come."
B000BNSYHW got this to treat my fretboard on my guitar. Nice airline-sized bottle w/ safety cap to prevent from unintentional opening. Replenished my dried out fretboard to like-new condition."
B000BNSYHW I needed some fretboard cleaner. This is something I had not tried before. I used it and I like it."
B000BNSYHW Has a nice smell, works like a charm. This bottle will probably last me 10 years. Good cheap price...a recommended purchase."
B000BNSYHW This has a nice smell, and is good for maintaining the wood on the neck of your guitar. Best used when replacing strings, so you can apply while the strings are off."
B000BNSYHW Clean really good of prints and smell very nice. My first time using it but like it alot since it works good."
B000BNSYHW Nice quality fretboard oil. Has a nice scent to it, and remember a little goes a long way. I would definitely recommend this. Worked nice on my maple unfinished fretboard."
B000BNSYHW I maintain all of my guitars on a regular basis since I no longer have my own guitar tech to do everything for me! Take care of your fretboards any your fingers and fretboards will be very happy!"
B000BQTCDO This is an iconic fuzz pedal.  Yes, Smashing Pumpkins used this pedal but Corgan also used a Fender Blender (which is similar to the Big Muff but has an octive thing going on too).  This is not a subtle pedal.  It's cuts through the mix well if you are running into a cleanish amp.  I find that it gets a little muddy if I run it into an amp that's already breaking up.  I can say the same thing about most fuzz pedals though.  This is not a wooly, splattery vintage tone like the Dunlop Fuzz Face.  It really has it's own thing going on.  It's not the kind of pedal that I keep on all the time, but it's a cool tool for the sonic toolbox.  If I had it to do all over again I would likely buy the Big Muff with the tone wicker switch.  It's about ten bucks more and has a little more tweekability."
B000BQTCDO i feel strange giving this classic only 3 stars.  but it's just not for me.  it's large and takes up space on my pedal board.  i prefer the little big muff"
B000BQTCDO I have played through this for over 15 years and I will tell you right now, get a big amp. Get 2 amps and split the signal, even. You want to have the biggest amp you can when using this pedal. Otherwise it will come off sounding frail instead of \"Frail and Bedazzled\".Otherwise this pedal conjures up a beastly reference, and it should. I have been in a couple bands where I just plugged this into the amp and played my riffs. The free drinks and loose women followed shortly thereafter.If you're looking for stinging yet rumbly fuzz, this is the pedal you need. I only wish it went up to \"11\"."
B000BQTCDO I owned this pedal for many years, before finally trading it in on some other equipment.  It produces one sound extremely well, but it only does that one thing.  The sound it does very well is the late 60's/early 70's fuzz sound: \"White Room, Black Curtains\"; \"Satisfaction\"; \"Ina Gadda da Vida\".  Note:  this pedal produces very good sustain, but has really bad attack.  As such, it will not really do the \"Whole Lotta Love\" sound.  As I said, it does one thing very well, but its range even with classic rock is quite limited.  If you plan to cover songs with that classic fuzz sound, this pedal gets you 100% of that sound.  If you want to also cover other classic rock, you're gonna need at least one more overdrive/distortion effect."
B000BQTCDO I cannot express how over sized this pedal is - it's ridiculously big and it's unnecessary.if you are lacking space on your pedal board u may want to look elsewhere or retrofit the insides into a smaller housing as i will do.Again - please be aware of the dimensions - this thing is soooooooooooooo hugeit sounds good though - though it does rob tone"
B000BQTCDO It's noisy, but if you find out how to equalize the tone and volume, it works fine. I bought it cause Gilmour uses this effect but certainly the one he uses must be of a much more better quality product."
B000BQTCDO This pedal does exactly what my title suggests... it creates a huge walk of smooth rich fuzz... very smashing pumpkins feel to this. It doesn't do many different tones, but what it does it does very well! And frankly, once I find a good tone out of a pedal, I don't change it often anyhow! This is an amazing value, and a welcome party of my pedal boards. (P.S.: I have the Russian variant...)"
B000BU5V58 We opted for the World Tour \"Guitar Gig Bag\" over a hard case because most of the time my son's guitar is hanging on the wall usingString Swing Hardwood Home & Studio Guitar Hanger (Shades May Vary). This case is generally good quality and meets our needs, with the following observations:Pros -+ Lightweight; doesn't add a lot of pounds but still protects the guitar+ Good Quality; strong material, stitching, and zippers+ Storage Pockets; big enough for music pages, picks, and a small electronic tuner+ Handles; good hand grip handle on the side and has well padded adjustable packpack strapsCons -- Limited Protection; this is not a hard case and it will not provide much protection from a serious impact- Appearance; this is not awe-inspiring to look at, being very basic and the \"World Tour\" logo looks a little \"cheesy\"This was a good choice for the limited, light use it gets from us.Recommended!CFH"
B000BU5V58 This is a fine bag for a guitar, I got it for my brother...I'm not a music person but its good"
B000BU5V58 I don't know who would need better unless you traveled a lot where you might need the hard case.  This one surpassed my expectations.Months into using the Gig Bag and not a single problem.  The pockets are packed with books, tools, and strings.The shoulder straps make carrying the bag across town a breeze."
B000BU5V58 A great universal bag. I can put everything in this bag from my 12 string to my hollow body. Has great pockets to carry your picks, strings, and tuners. The padding is better that I expected. It does have a red strip on this if your concerned about color."
B000BU5V58 Received item when promised, fits great for my Yamaha Acoustic Electric, but carry with care, remember Acoustics are hollow body and can bust if dropped, great zipped pockets."
B000BU5V58 This case is very durable, nice heavy duty zippers and pockets for storage. The 20mm is perfect to protect instrument during travel. The red piping in the picture is more maroon in real life."
B000BU5V58 I bought a Hollowbody without a case and wanted a gig bag in case I decided to take it anywhere. The prices of the other bags ranged from more than double this one to almost four times. I have other guitars and they all have cases and I might never actually take this guitar anywhere so I didn' twant to spend a lot. Price was a big issue. The guitar fits great. The bag is well padded and I can't believe the price."
B000BU5V58 I purchased this for my daughter who is 10.  She is learning to play guitar and needed a bag to protect the new guitar I bought her.  This bag has plenty of storage, offers good protection and the guitar fit perfectly.  I am going to purchase another one for my guitar."
B000BUDO48 Decent quality.  Cheap price.  We'll see how long it lasts.  But, for now, does the trick.  I think the odds of be becoming rich and famous have increased because of this stand."
B000BUDO48 This is a very good and stable stand. Light, strong, and very balanced. It makes my guitar feel secure. It is also ideal for travel since when folded can just be slipped into a small bag."
B000BUDO48 This is my favorite light weight guitar stand, simple and does the job.  I try to avoid the stands with lever locking mechanisms at the neck rest which are a pain in the arse when you are trying to switch guitars on the fly.  These are lightweight and collapsible so you can take them anywhere, and are sturdy enough for 'normal' use.  If you're a klutz no guitar stand will be sufficient unless it is encased in carbonite."
B000BUDO48 I have my 12 string on this stand when I'm taking a break from practicing (as you know, a case is where you should store your guitars, not on a stand). It is easy to assemble. You'll pay a lot more money for stands that do the job just as well as this one. if you're gigging, I might suggest a higher priced stand, but for occasional travel and home use, this will do the trick."
B000BUDO48 This guitar stand does NOT find hidden treasure. It does NOT hypnotize beautiful women. It does NOT fix your transmission. It does NOT tell your boss to give you a raise.It just holds onto your guitar when you don't see any reason to put into a case. It's sturdy, reliable and to the point. No gimmicks, nothing flashy. Just a guitar stand that is reasonably priced. If you need one, might as well be this one."
B000BUDO48 I bought 3 of these because of the ridiculously low price...I figured I'd get my money's worth from them regardless.  They work fine.  So well, that I thought I would buy a few more for the studio.  The price went up nearly 50% on them though.  BAH."
B000BUDO48 There are a fair number of similar tripod guitar stands out there for about the same cost.  If one of your pet peeves with some of these is that the U-shaped support falls out when you carry the assembled stand around, then you'll especially like the World Tour stand.  The way that the U-shaped piece inserts makes it far less susceptible to falling out. And, although it is, as one other reviewer put it, \"minimalistic,\" this stand has a substantial feel to it.  I'm quite happy with this purchase, and would buy another World Tour again, rather than one of the other brands that I own.  Amazon.com did a great job, too, getting this out to me."
B000BUDO48 This stand is very nice, it is black and it does its job very well. It also has a strap on the top holder to secure the guitar when it is on the stand. It is like an added bonus."
B000BUDO48 I've bought quite a few guitar stands off of Amazon in the past few years, and I've paid for the most expensive ones and the cheapest ones, and this is the best one I've found yet. Very sturdy, well made, and fully height adjustable, with strong soft foam to protect your precious guitars from getting all scratched up. It states that cellulose finishes can be damaged, so at least it lets you know that ahead of time(most cheap stands don't), so that's a good thing as well. Don't waste more money than you have to for a good quality stand, grab this one!"
B000BUDO48 This seems like a nice product, but maybe I'm doing something wrong.  I can't get the bottom guitar support to lock in place.  It twists around and that makes it a little hard to put the guitar in place.  Maybe there is something I need to do differently?"
B000BUDO48 I got two of these for my electric bass and rhythm guitars.  Great little stands at a great price.  They are sturdy, easy to assemble and adjustable.  I'd suggest this to anyone needing a guitar stand."
B000BUDO48 I ordered two of these stands and they work very well! Definitely keeps my guitars a lot safer than having them leaning against things."
B000BUGNNM Case  arrived in great condition.Quite Roomy, fits my Vendetta AND/Or my Les Paul - Two exterior pockets for tools, extras, etc.2x Thicker padding than the Epiphone gig bag I got for the LP, but all these have to do is protect and keep dust away - I'm not hauling them to shows...Get One."
B000BUGNNM Nice bag with great features. It is slightly large for a Telecaster or Stratocaster but works fine for either.I actually swapped another bag, putting a Les Paul Jr in this one and a Tele in the Gibson bag as theGibson bag was a really tight fit for the LP JR. headstock."
B000BUGNNM I am deployed to middle east and beat my guitars up pretty good.  I have 3 World Tour bags to keep my axes safe!  Nice padding, nice features."
B000BUGNNM This is a great gig bag for the money. It has more padding than I thought it would have, has very strong construction, and plenty of places to store stuff like sheet music and cables. The carry handle and shoulder straps are well padded and comfortable to use as well. It's even reasonably water proof, handling the light rain shower well with zero leaks. For the money, this is the best one I've bought on Amazon, and will certainly buy it again in the future. Highly recommended!"
B000BUGNNM I have an ESP guitar with a slanted headstock that had a hard time fitting into the gig bag that the music store threw in when I got the guitar. After buying a line-6 pocket pod and some good studio headphones there was simply no room left in that old bag.Found this bag and liked the fact that it has so many front pockets and it really looked like it would fit all of my gear, cables, etc. I originally put it on my wish list because I will admit, you don't always want to spend your own money on stuff like this but my wife ended up surprising me with this and it was a great surprise.My guitar fits perfectly. It used to be a struggle getting my guitar in the old gig bag and zipping it shut. As mentioned, the curved headstock makes the guitar taller and the old gig bag always had the pointed tip of the headstock poking out of it because it just would not close.But this big closes all the way and it does have so much more padding than my previous bag. And the pockets - OH THE POCKETS! They fit ALL of my gear. I have my guitar cable, a set of full size sennheiser headphones, a line 6 pocket pod, all the allen wrenches, a tuner, and my tremelo neatly organized in all the separate pockets. And there is room for more if I need it!The bag does smell a little funky the first few days but it didn't stink up the house like some reviewers mentioned. Just open it up and let it air out in a part of the house where it won't bother anyone and it's fine after a day or two.One last thing about this bag is that it has a handle right up near the headstock. I did not know this but wow I had no idea how useful that could be. I tend to carry my guitar, in bag, up and down stairs a lot and being able to hold it in two places is extremely useful. Then you have the backpack handles as an option as well. I really cannot recommend this bag enough. I do agree with the other user who said the log on it is a little kiddie like, but I don't really care, the bag is too perfect for me to be bothered by that, and while the padding is great, I would not recommend this bag for checking your bag for air travel. It would be fine if you use it as a carry on but would not protect much in checked baggage, in case you want it for that kind of thing. I don't travel long distances with my guitar but if I did, I would use a hard case only for that as I have seen too many horror stories of smashed guitars on airlines lately.Hope that helps anyone out there looking for a gig bag with tons of room for your gear!"
B000BUGNNM This bag is well padded, has backpack straps to carry comfortable, and several pockets to hold cable, extra strings, picks, and much, much more. For the price, I feel like it is a steal. Some people complain about the smell. It kind of smells like motor oil. It is strange, but being I have been around that smell so much, it doesn't bother me. Be warned about it though."
B000BUGNNM Got this for an SG-style guitar, and it fits with plenty of room.  This is a better quality bag than an &#34;average&#34; bag, but with a couple of comments:1.  It smells like an industrial rubber factory upon opening.2.  The large, main zipper is easy to close but somewhat difficult to unzip.  Surprised me because it's a large-toothed zipper.3.  Construction seems to be pretty good.  This is not a hard case, but to get a guitar from point A to B, it works just fine.4.  Padding is sufficiently thick.  It's not a paper thin bag, but it's not thick enough that the guitar would survive a drop.Would I get another one?  Probably, as long as the use was long term storage or to travel small distances.  Otherwise, I'd get a soft sided hard case (the new wave of Styrofoam cases) or a regular old hard sided case."
B000BUGNNM I have seven of these that I use on my Ibanez AM73's, but they are perfect for anyAM series guitars (like the 93).The bag is well padded, and not to expensive.It seems it is always on back order which tells me they are very popular.The dimensions are: 41\"L, 14\"W at Bout, and 3\" Deep. It has two large zippers; the head zipper goes all the wayaround, and the bout zipper stops before entering the bottom area which is the ONLY draw back to thisgig bag, as with ALL deeper guitars, you want the bottom (bout) zipper to at least complete the bottom areato make placing and removing easier.This is the best gig bag I have found in the last few years for the smaller bout guitars that does not cost too much."
B000BUGNNM This is a great bag, regardless of cost. The fact that it sells for less than $20 makes it an absolutely fantastic deal. (Free shipping only makes it that much better.) Unlike some other reviewers, I have not noticed any objectionable smell. I will attest to the fact that it is very well constructed. The fabric itself is a heavy cordura material, the zippers and pulls are heavy duty too, and the padding is stiff and thick enough to afford your (solid body) guitar some very substantial protection. (I would estimate the padding, which is entirely concealed within the cordura, to be approximately three-quarters of an inch thick.) In addition to the main carry handle at the side, there is another in back, at the top, as well a pair of backpack-style straps, so finding a convenient means of carrying your guitar shouldn't be any kind of an issue. The two zippered accessory pouches (for picks, a spare set of strings, and perhaps some music) are also a nice touch. In my opinion, this bag could easily sell for twice the price and still be considered a bargain. As it is, it's very cheap insurance for my Epi Les Paul II."
B000BUGNNM This quality bag would probably cost more like $35+ at your local music store. Appears well made, has good padding and several pockets for strings, picks, cable, whatever. Taking one star off for the slightly bothersome smell (also mentioned by other reviewers). Not terrible, but somehow chemical. Hope it goes away soon."
B000BW2D84 I bought a Pedaltrain pedal board and I have 6 individual stomp boxes that are crammed onto it. I originally bought Hosa connectors and they are high quality and have a low profile, but the selection of lengths is limited. I bought this kit with a little trepidation and proceeded to re-do the board. I swear I was done in 20 minutes!! The board looks awesome with all the cables cut to perfect length. These cables are dead silent and the connectors are high quality. The supplied cutting tool works as described and the only thing you need is a small-tip, flathead screwdriver with a medium size handle so you can firmly drive the locking screw into the cable for the final step. I could have saved some money if I had just bought these first instead of a bunch of random length patch cables."
B000BW2D84 The good thing about the Cable Station is you can make your own cables at custom lengths so you can have a neater pedal board without the need to solder the connections in place. All you have to do is cut the cable flush, insert it into the \" plug with a twisting motion, and then turn the setscrew on the side of the plug until it is tight.As a benefit, if there is a shorting of the signal all you need to do is find the offending cable, remove the plug, cut the cable, and insert the end back into the plug.Great right?Well, not really.As far as reliability goes, nothing can really replace the connection that is properly soldered. With the money you spend, you could easily get a decent soldering iron, some old cable, and some cheap plugs from Radio Shack and practice. In the end, you can by bulk cable and connectors and make them as needed.I have used this product and had to re-cut several cables at different times but only to cables that have been constantly moved around. The other ones that are more permanent haves not given me trouble, but I have experienced problems in the past. Always have a few spares that have been tested.Another annoying thing is that they give you more cable than connectors, I would think 15 connectors would be more sufficient.Is it easier than soldering? Yes.Are they reliable? For the most part, yes.Will I continue using the product? Yes, because I usually have spares.Why do I use them then? I'm lazy.This is from the Cleartone cables website about gold connectors:Don.t waste your money if you are being asked to pay extra for gold plated connectors. The thin soft gold (5-10 microns) .flash. plating looks cool, but scrapes off easily and the brass aterial underneath stops you from seeing that the gold has worn off! The brass eventually  tarnishes and causes crackling when the plug moves or twists in the socket contacts.It is true that gold is a very good conductor of electricity when mated with a gold plated socket. But the sockets inside your guitar amplifier and guitar are not usually gold, so there can be virtually no benefit to gold plated plugs."
B000BW2D84 I am a tech as well as a guitar player. I also have spent time in the past Teaching soldering. But these cables seem to be well made with good solderless connections. Most of us know by now that there's a lot of hype but it really comes down to Good Quality Cable (This Seems to be) Good Stable Connectors (These seem to be) & the connections between the two that last (Time will tell). All I know is I have Hand Soldered Special plugs with Good Cable to only have them break with use and I expect the same with these especially in a high use situation where they are plugged & unplugged often.- I do know these are signal clean & do Not bleed f highs & that is critical in my book.- They are Very Easy to use & can be done on Stage between or before sets very quickly and with NO Soldering & I Love that!I will definitely use these again unless I find a longevity problem.LM"
B000BW2D84 Very good quality cable and plugs. Easy to make custom length cables from 3 inches to 30 ft. My pedal board looks so professional and uncluttered that I actually made room for 1 more because there was no extra wire to get in the way."
B000BW2D84 This is one of my favorite music purchases in a while. Cleans up your gear's appearance tremendously. Very easy to use and lots of extra cable length."
B000BW2D84 What can I say? I started out with a couple of pedals, then a wah, then more, then a board for them, and sooner or later all those 6&#34; cords are either in the way, too short or whatever. I do like the male-male offset connectors to bring pedals together but sometimes on a board you've got odd distances. This kit does the trick, and truly was easy to use. Only once did I create a plug with a bad connection and had to redo it."
B000BWEM42 Some of the complaints are well warranted about this cheap unit.  First of all I had to fumble around with it for almost 15 minutes to get it to open straight because it seems like I got a previously-returned unit that some other customer must have bent the arms the wrong way along the joints and I was careful not to manhandle it because I could tell it would break if bent it the wrong way with too much force.  I was about to give up but I felt bad to do the return because I didnt want to make Amazon lose money and this is a weird shaped box and probably costs over $8 in postage to send back to them.But eventually I figured it out.  I am a 5 ft 10 inches tall man and this stand is tall enough because I opened it all the way and there was still an inch or 2 to spare if I wanted to raise it to the maximum.  Looks like those complaining about the height did not realize that all 3 segments can be stretched out to reveal the full height (They probably only raised 2 out of the 3 segments).So for the price I think you get what you pay for and since I just want a stand that will stay in my bedroom at home I think this unit will suffice but if you plan to travel around with it or if you are getting it for a kid under 18 years old I recommend you buy a sturdier unit than this because they will probably break it in short order.  And then you will be out the fifteen bucks plus have to buy a new one.The truth is that its a flimsy piece of junk, okay for a responsible adult that will treat it with great care (such as myself) but not for children or drunks, it is very fragile and easy to break.  I took the advice and tightened the adjustment knobs for height only finger tight without great force as previous reviewers attest that it is easy to strip out the bolt if you over-tighten so be very, very careful.I will keep mine but if I had to purchase a second unit I would not buy this one because I dont like flimsy junk and I feel even my large dog could knock this down and break the dang thing."
B000BWEM42 I bought this to replace a folding stand that was just not strong enough to hold up under the weight of some of my guitar books. This stand works great for me, and hold even the largest of my music and tab books.The construction is much better than other portable stands I've used in the past, and has two great features that I really appreciate. One is it's height adjustable, and two is the tilting head. The tilting head is a real bonous on a portable stnad, and this one works great.For the price this stand is a great buy that I would recommend to anyone, but being primarily a guitarist this stand is execptional. With the page holders tilting head and height adjustability this is one of the best stand purchases a guitarist can make."
B000BWEM42 Of course, this stand is not nearly as solid feeling as my much-heavier, solid-metal music stand I use at home. It does twist around a bit when you handle it. On the other hand, it's much lighter, collapsible, and it goes inside my practice bag instead of being a piece of furniture that takes another hand to lug. For my practices and rehearsals I want to travel light. This stand fits that bill, and its desk angle is adjustable so it works well for large fake books and for a single lead sheet. I had two pieces of thin plexiglass cut at my local hardware store to sandwich separate sheets of music so I have no problems with wind or with three-sheet-wide scores. I've never had a sturdiness problem with this stand, and I've never had it tip over, but I am careful not to tighten the knobs more than necessary, and I set the legs to their sturdiest position. I always play sitting, so height is not a consideration for me. But I have measured it and found that at its highest elevation the bottom of the sheet music is 50\" off the floor. That's plenty high for me even if I were a vocalist, and I'm 6'1\". Sure, it does not impress as would an $80-$100, stand but the quality is almost unbelievable for $13. I notice that some of the negative reviews are two or three years old, and I wonder if this stand was the same design then that it is now. It IS a lightweight stand and I take care with the knobs, but I certainly would not call it flimsy.One discrepancy that might be important to you: The stand they delivered to me this month (October 2011) was NOT a \"two section\" stand, as advertised. It's all in one section and it collapses down to a 20\" length that fits in my practice bag. I actually consider this a plus since it makes it quicker and easier to erect at rehearsals. I bought one of these Hisonic Signature stands a few years back, but they've changed it a bit. That one definitely was in two sections, and I made the top section into an excellent table-top book stand. That older one also had folding-clip-type clamps for each section instead of the turn-knob-screw-in type of clamps."
B000BWEM42 It may be a challenge to assemble it.I personally found it a challenge to assemble it but that is just how I am wired.I am not 'good' at putting things together without help.Good product after you get it assembled.James :)"
B000BWEM42 As a newbie violin student I needed a music stand.  Having purchased many things before through Amazon.com, I have learned to trust the customer reviews which get posted (remembering that there will always be a few cranks).  This music stand got good reviews and I can say that I too am very happy with it.  I would recommend this purchase to any one."
B000BWEM42 This stand is a little difficult to open.  The top the gets very stuck and turned the wrong way.  Other than that the stand collapses very small into the black bag that came with it."
B000BYPJ1U Its easy to set up and use. Simple instructions are on a sticker on the bottom of it. I re soak it easy 2-3 weeks or so. Can't tell if it's truly working on my maple wood ukulele."
B000BYPJ1U I have been using Hercos for for many years. They are simple to use and offer my banjos good humidification.  I place a Herco in the neck section of the case and another in the section where the head sits.For guitars I place a Herco near the peg head and a stringed instrument humidifier that slips between the strings in the other. Great insurance against damage to instruments owing to dryness."
B000BYPJ1U I like these humidifiers.  Works if you keep it with instrument in your case, and upkeep is minimal.  Work on all strings very well, but be careful, easy to fall out of case, so just be careful!"
B000BYPJ1U Stuck one in my guitar case to keep it just the right humidity. A must have for us dry Californians."
B000BYPJ1U It doesn't seem to work. I think maybe mine was damaged or something because it doesn't seem to absorb any water."
B000BYPJ1U I was taking lessons from a very qualified instructor and he mentioned that I need a humidifier for my guitar. At first I was not sure what I was looking for. I found the product without too much difficulty. I had learned from my instructor that these are small, placed on the hole of the guitar, and was definitely needed to keep the guitar in good playing condition. I started looking through the computer pages and settled on the Herco Guitar Humidifier because of the recommendations of thew product. Now I feel I made a wise choice and will be able to keep my quitar playing good vibrations, and good music!"
B000BYPJ1U Herco is a Jim Dunlop company and this little humidifier was suggested to me through someone who has used them for awhile. Dunlop is a trusted brand in guitar maintenance for the most part. I wanted to stay away from the typical humidifiers due to their tendencies to leak and stain the guitar wood. I have used this for a few weeks now and it still remians moist. The product came fast and the instructions are straight forward. I may order another if this one performs well."
B000BYPJ1U I used to use the Martin tube thing that you stick between the strings.  But it was a bit of a pain.  You had to soak it, then drain it, then wipe it.  Even then, I worried about it dripping on the inside of the guitar.  This is much easier and the guitar sounds great.  Highly recommended."
B000CBE3G4 Great slap echo sound.  Do not buy this with the expectation that it will act like a digital delay- it's closer to a reverb.  It provides an echo sound similar to if you were playing in a room covered in tile (an old engineering trick!).  Great for old school rock and roll, rockabilly, chicken pickin etc.  This will fatten up the sound of a dry amp.  As with all FAB pedals, I find the knob placement slightly annoying, but at this price point you can't really make a justifiable complaint.  Construction quality is somewhat cheap but the knobs feel solid and it has not failed me in more than a year."
B000CBE3G4 This pedal works but doesn't have the depth of echo I expected. I doesn't even come close to the same sound quality of my old Dan Echo DE-1 pedal.  That certainly explains the difference in price. You get what you pay for. I'm using it with a Fender Eighty-Five solid state amp. I tried it with other amps and it sounds the same. If you're looking for a good slap echo effect, I would recommend spending more money and buy the Dan Echo DE-1 pedal or even the Danelectro BLT slap echo pedal is less expensive than the Dan Echo, but still sounds better than the FAB echo pedal. The FAB echo pedal works and you can hear a definite difference with and without it. It's just not as good as I expected. I'm sorry I bought it and I don't recommend this pedal. There are much better ones on the market. Shop around."
B000CBE3G4 These FAB pedals are cheap and mostly mediocre, but I bought this on a whim to use with a Fender tube amp and it works well. As other reviewers have stated, the pedal does not have very good build quality but it seems to hold up okay as long as it's not abused. I use the echo with both a telecaster and a cigar box guitar for vintage effects.I have found that the delay works well around 50 percent and the mix can be modulated to make a good mix of reverb and delay. I don't know if I would gig with this pedal or any othe FAB pedal because of my tendency to step hard on a pedal in live environments, but it serves it's purpose well and is cheaper than alot of other delay and echo pedals if you just need a basic effect. I have seen info about modding the pedal to control the delay and may do this in the future.I have alot of other pedals and I tried this pedal with a jazz bass, with some EQ tinkering, I found a good mix of echo. I originally saw a youtube video of a bass player using a D-4 and thought it would be a good idea. Again, Danelectro makes a higher end echo pedal which probably does a better job with delay, but this is a good deal and was $100 dollars cheaper than my Electro Harmonix Memory Boy pedal and sounds cool as a vintage vibe with an old amp."
B000CBE3G4 I've needed one of these for my fender amp, yes I used to spend time dialing in the delay pedal for the rockabilly/blues numbers and if my settings got messed up, well, that would slow the show down. I wish my fender amp had this built into the amp but it didn't. This pedal makes playing rockabilly on my fender simple fast and easy. Really quick to setup and use. It's not a delay unit, it's not versatile either, but what it does, it does perfect!"
B000CBE3G4 The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-4 Slap Echo effects pedal works great and gives me that Old Tube Amp Reverb sound that you would only expect from a more expensive unit.  There's no fancy bells and whistles but just good old manual adjustments that lets you dial in the sound you want with no effort at all..  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great..."
B000CBE3G4 this is perfect for playing rockabilly or country music.the case is made of plastic but seems sturdy as long as you dont stomp on it too hard. but for 20 dollars its well worth the price.  this is a great product and i highly recomend it."
B000CBE3G4 I'm sure this isn't the best echo pedal (or even in the top 100), but it serves it's purpose fairly well. Stacking with other cheap danelectro pedals will degrade your tone but it isn't something that most of us can't live with. for 14.99 us it's worth taking the risk IMHOUpdate: The pedal gave up the ghost (died) In a relatively short amount of time. I replaced it with  mini modtone type delay.... I actually like the dano sound better, but the modtone will do for a slapback and it is built way better."
B000CBE3G4 I admit, i was really just curious how good a $15 pedal could possibly be, so i figured i would try one out. I had played some Danelectro stuff in the past (a baritone guitar and an amp many years ago) and remembered being satisfied with their stuff. Anyway, i figured since the pedal was so cheap, why not try it out.You know, it is a pretty decent stompbox. The slap echo is a good enhancement effect, meaning, it isnt really over the top....just gives you a mellow, reverb-ish echo...not quite delay, not quite reverb...kind of somewhere in between. I have since added it to my stompbox set up for that little something different. Not bad at all. I cant speak to battery life though, since i use an adapter combo to power all my effects. For kicks, try it out with some distortion and/or overdrive, and a wah....Anyway....Enjoy!"
B000CBE3G4 Is the the best pedal ever? Not even close. Does it do EXACTLY what you want a simple slap-back echo/reverb to do? Absolutely! I almost always have it on just to add a little depth to my synth or guitar sound. It can give you a decently wet surf-ish sound or a fast delay, rockabilly sound. It's not super versatile but if you're looking for a little depth and color for under $20 then this is what you need.I mean, COME ON! It works, it's cheap, and it doesn't take up much room on your pedal board!"
B000CBE3G4 It has a 1950's slap back echo Its good for the price No putting It down for Sounding bad as with most Danelecto products and probably higher price and lower price products used the same circuits. If You want something that Is just reverb without all the slap back then Behringer DR600 which I use for Vocal for Guitar I use RV600 which has space verb and ducking also called shimmer."
B000CBE3G4 I bought one of these pedals 3 years ago, along with some of the other Danelectro pedals in this line, and was happy with it. The sound I get with it is very, very cool. After a while it just stopped working. While I was disappointed at that moment I just ordered another one the next time I was online. You can't beat the price. If it does stop working after after a few years of use, you aren't looking at paying $90 or more for a new pedal. All of my other Danelectro pedals are still working just fine so it may have been a fluke in the electronics or I just used it to death. An electrical engineer friend and I took the pedal apart to try and fix it but decided it wasn't worth taking up our time since I could replace for $15. So I ordered another one. Definately get an adapter for this. Yes, it's casing is plastic but quite sturdy. Just don't jump on it like you're trying to put out a fire when turning it on and off. Guitars and effects are the tools of a musican's trade not the hammer and nails of a builder's. Think about getting a 1 Spot adapter so you can chain several pedals to one outlet. If you would rather use batteries for each of your pedals...well...I'd suggest buying them by the gross. Any effects pedal made by any company is going to eat batteries like a stoner eats potato chips. Used alone or with other effects, the Danelectro Fab Slap Echo Effects Pedal will be sure to delight your auditory kinesthesis."
B000CBE3G4 good price for effect  if your looking for a bit of echo then this is for you.  I have amps that have this feature that due a better job."
B000CBE3GE It's a flange pedal, what else? For the price I was really happy with it. If I knew someone who was more skilled than me I'd get the workings inside a different case. The shape is cool, but I'd feel safer with it in a metal casing. The button is smaller than I thought, but it's not an issue at all; it's kinda easier to press!As for someone like me who is starting to get into pedals, for the price just to see how they work and if you want to invest in this realm, I would recommend this!"
B000CBE3GE The regen control goes to very strong deep levels that will rumble the floor at the lower end (My fender excelsior with it's 15 inch speaker rattled the walls) of its sweep and can give a very cool effect. I notice very little tone suck with the pedal bypassed. Also, the speed know has a great range with 5+ second sweeps to super fast leslie and univibe like tones. The depth knob does it's job. It doesn't have a manual knob to move the sweep, but I leave the depth all the way up most of the time so it's no big deal. For the price, this was perfect for trying out a discreet flanger pedal instead of the one built into my Vox modeling amp."
B000CBE3GE -1 star for plastic...otherwise excellent , YouTube has many reviews on these,The FAB pedals are great values,For what a flanger is for me, this is perfect, great sounds great price."
B000CBE3GE The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-6 Fab Flange effects pedal works great and gives me that wobble phase shift you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great..."
B000CBE3GE the case is made of plastic so care should be taken in stomping on it but the product is so much fun!!! this thing is so worth the 20 dollars that i paid for it and more! wide sweeping flange effect, great harmonics and little power useage.  well worth the investment!!!!"
B000CBXZXG I'm a fanatic about my frets looking shiny and polished.  I want them to be slick when I bend notes.  If you polish too hard or too often with steel wool, it can wear down your frets.  These micro abrasive sheets do a great job without harming your frets.  I watched a Youtube demo and that sold me on ordering them.  I think Amazon had the best price."
B000CBXZXG My frets were completely whited after using one of these sheets. I recommend using it togheter with a metal cleaner and you will return your frets to original factory bright. Incredible!"
B000CBXZXG I opened the package for the first time and didn't think much of it, but the cloth works great on cleaning frets and even the cardboard template does its job.  Obviously, cardboard isn't going to last so purchase metal templates and use the cloths."
B000CBXZXG The sheets seem to work fine to polish the frets but the template is cut from the cardboard box which obviously isn't going to last long.  Also, trying to hold the cardboard on the neck is a pain and my finger is killing.I'm going to go buy a fret eraser and be done with it."
B000CBXZXG Will this replace a pro fret job? Nah...That said this works great for use a few times a year to clean the frets an make them shiny and smooth.End results[...]"
B000CCIVCA I use this all the time for testing audio cables and it works great! It's got an all metal housing and seems sturdy too. Battery lasts for months. Well done Behringer!"
B000CCIVCA Solidly built, small tester that can easily be carried around in a gig bag.  There isn't really much in the way of instructions, but the LEDs are fairly well labeled and straight forward enough to figure it out."
B000CCIVCA If you are in a band or a sound guy for a band you gotta have one of these. The time and stress saved by not depending on trial and error to eliminate good/bad cable is priceless. Bottom line!!! eliminate a variable and audio problems are faster and easier to solve."
B000CCIVCA A must have in every gig bag for checking all your cables.  I keep this with my battery tester for my active's.  Sure eliminates a lot of guess work at this first hint of audio trouble.  Easy to use and economical product."
B000CCIVCA If you'd ever been setting up on stage and discover hum or hiss this box is for you. It will find a bad or intermittent calbe in a heart beat. It will locate a shorted XLR or an open ground fast. Don't go onto the stage without one on these boxes."
B000CCIVCA We bought this tester for our son to use for his band's equipment set-up. It appears to be well constructed, and should help to diagnose problems with cables as they work through equipment connection issues."
B000CCIVCA I have been using this tester for about a year to test out my XLR cables and those that I come into contact with at work. It works but does not detect all faults (only non intermittent ones), it comes in a durable enough housing and is compact enough to take everywhere."
B000CCIVCA Does a great job of checking cords. Was able to eliminate a lot of bad cords from my stash. Tests multiple types of cords also!"
B000CCIVCA I picked up this Behringer CT100 cable tester because it takes the guesswork out of maintaining a cable collection. The unit does its job very well and it helped me find several bad cables that I previously thought were ok. It is well built and sturdy. The bottom of the tester has sharp metal corners and screws that could damage a wooden table. I suggest you get some adhesive rubber pads to support the underside.Although the machine itself is good, the accompanying documentation is awful. It presupposes a working knowledge with audio equipment that many users may lack. For example, it does not include illustrations of how the LCD readout should look when a cable is good or bad. I had to go to an audio engineering forum to find a diagram. As it turns out, the Behringer CT100 is an inexpensive knockoff of the Morley Swizz Army cable tester. The manual for the Morley unit is available online and it has diagrams that make the testing easier to understand."
B000CCIVCA This thing will test most all the cables a musician will use ... rugged, reliable and simple to understand ... for the price, it is hard to beat ..."
B000CCIVCA Idiot-proof, compact, extremely sturdy. All metal enclosure with good quality jacks, simple to understand LED readouts. Runs on 2 AA batteries.Features that set this apart from the slightly cheaperPyle-Pro PCT10are:-'Test tone' function which sends a known volume signal down the line. Very helpful in level adjustments down long chains of equipment.-'Intermittent' issue indication - This is what made me choose this model. If there's even the shortest dropout, the LEDs indicate it. Intermittent issues are the most annoying and can be difficult to troubleshoot.My only complaints:-The a small screw holding the battery cover on stripped immediately when initially inserting batteries. It was like carving a bar of soap with a knife. Quite frustrating. Used my Dremel to change it from phillips into a slotted screw, and managed to get it out.-There's an included belt clip that attaches with two screws on the back. This clip blocks access to the battery compartment, which is ridiculous. Luckily I have no need for the clip. I used one of the screws intended for the clip as a replacement to the stripped battery cover screw.-No rubber feet on the bottom + metal enclosure + battery cover screw = sliding around and marring whatever it sits on. I stuck some re-purposed rubber feet on the bottom.After the few 'problem solving' situations mentioned above, this thing is a 5 star product. Too bad they couldn't go the extra step to make it 5 star out of the box."
B000CCJP4I For the price, it's worth it I guess. If you just want to try it, go for it, that's what I got it for. It sounds nice and adds a cool tone to my setup, but after playing on a few more expensive chorus pedals I would suggest saving up if you really need a chorus pedal. But for the price it's not too bad.Oh, and the casing isn't like a wimpy plastic knife plastic. it's pretty durable. Albeit don't throw this on concrete and expect great results but it could stand a few stomps."
B000CCJP4I I mean you paid 15$ for a pedal that if you want to buy from the BOSS it's about 6times this price and if you want it behringer it's about twice this price. It does what is supposed to and it doesn't have a cheap look. For home and garage entertainment is good enough. I was trying this pedal before i buy any other pedal from the same brand, but now that i know that i like it i'm going to buy the distortion (red) one. i'm only sad they don't make a noise gate or something similar. That would be the top of the deal."
B000CCJP4I The Chorus is subtle... but it seems lacking to me. It is subtle but really weak compared to the classic rich ibanez chorus i have."
B000CCJP4I the effect it self is fine, but it is too noisy even though u don't dime it, for the price, and for this product, it is u get what u pay for."
B000CCJP4I This puppy sounds fantastic. The controls allow the effect to be adjusted from very faint to over the top Chorus with deep and intense sound. The controls are on the front, as are the in/out plugs, so it is a little tight when adjusting the knobs. Very reasonable pricing. Uses a 9V battery or 9V adaptor. It has a retro look and an old school sound, perfect."
B000CCJP4I fast delivery, works perfectly...I have 3 of the Danelectro effects pedals... hard to say which I prefer most cause they all have an individual and distinct sound...I'm partial to the chorus ...good item"
B000CCJP4I It's plastic that's 1 star deduction, but in this case, very pleas
B000CCJP4I How many times did I tweak a chorus pedal for hours and in the end decided I didn't need chorus at all. This pedal is not like that, not much to tweak but the chorus is great. Sweetens my cleans, makes the blues sound groovy and fattens the power chords. I even like it with the bass. Just a great chorus with not much to tweak."
B000CCJP4I The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-5 Chorus effects pedal works great and gives me that soft phase shift you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great..."
B000CCJP4I Yes, this pedal is made of plastic. Yes it is inexpensive. But don't be fooled- unless you really mash on the switch button like an idiot, or over torque the battery cover screw too hard with a screw driver and strip out the plastic threads- it is pretty tough and durable. The chorus effect has plenty of adjustment, tone, and depth. It may not be a Boss pedal, but for $15.99 you are getting a tremendous value and it sounds very good. I was so impressed with these inexpensive pedals I now own 4 or 5 of them. As a hobbyist guitar player who does not want to invest hundreds of dollars into multiple effects pedals- I am into 4 or 5 of them PLUS associated cables and a power adapter for about the same amount than I could buy ONE Boss or other high quality pedal for.I would also recommend buying the Danelectrode 9V power adapter if you use multiple pedals. You can also buy a 5 gang power cable and daisy chain up to 4 or 5 pedals from the same power supply to make your own pedal board. If you have multiple Danelectro pedals it is a clean way to tie them together. I also bought some short 6 inch instrument cables and daisy chained the pedal inputs/outputs together so I can have mixed effects, or have each one independently.These pedals have been used almost daily for a couple of months now and I have not had one issue with any to date. A few other guitar player friends that have tried mine out are also very impressed by them. Absolutely a 5 star value!"
B000CCJP4I Got this little guy last night to use with my Squier Tele Custom II, hooked it up and played around with it for a while and it really impressed me for the quality of effect you get for nearly pocket change! I also have a Digitech RP-50 that has multiple effects including different types of chorus and this Fab Chorus sounds better than any of the RP-50's chorus settings.  I am so looking forward to laying down some cool tracks using this with the Tele, my Applause acoustic/electric, and my Squier Vintage Modified 70's bass guitar. And like other folks who've bought this product, I'll most likely be getting some of Danelectro's other Fab boxes and the Dan Electrode power supply."
B000CCJP4I The Danelectro FAB series is supposed to be everything we hate about effects pedals.  Cheap.  Mass-produced.  Housed in a plastic casing.  But the FAB series offers affordable effects ($15 to $20) at surprisingly good quality, and end up sounding as good as some pedals that cost 3 times more.  If this pedal cost $50, I might gripe about how tight together the input/output/9V jacks are.  I might also complain about the weird position of the Mix, Speed, and Depth controls on the top of the unit, or the small footswitch.  But at this price, for it to sound THIS good, I can't complain at all.Don't expect the FAB series to be good at everything.  But if there's and effect out there that you only use once in awhile (especially anything involving modulation or delay), the FAB series is going to do it well, and do it for a fraction of the cost of other pedals.  It's just a great option to have for casual/budget guitarists."
B000CCJP4I Gives a nice warped slightly detuned effect to your first at the right settings.(Think Alice in chains, or REALLY distorted live nirvana solo) admittedly not everyone's into the whole grunge tone. But it was what I was looking for.Has some nice shimmers and thickening on other settings too.And hey, you can pretty much get it for pocket change."
B000CCJP4I I have yet to find a pedal that can match this little guys desired effect......  If you know how to use it, it really delivers a good effect."
B000CCJP4I its sound pretty good .. i mean , the range /rate arent as broad as others i've tried ..but i stomp on it regularly.. it cuts my signal a bit .. so i compensate ,,an always leave a bit of extra volume in the bank to make it up..all in all=worth it."
B000CCMWVG I shopped around local music shops and was discouraged with the prices. Checked out Amazon and was a little skeptical with the reasonable price, but pleasantly surprised when we received it."
B000CCMWVG I got the $50 standard black on black case.  The case arrived within 2 days via UPS during the middle of the Christmas rush! Wow! Very fast shipping and it was adequately packaged and there was no sign of the box being abused in anyway. Regarding the item itself, I am bit lukewarm. I have a $500 Washburn and wanted something more than a gig bag for going to and from gigs and practice sessions. And I got that. Its lightweight, plenty of room in the gear box and on top of the guitar head.  However, the fit is a bit loose and I don't have the sense that this case will stand up to much abuse over time.  So if you have a pricey guitar or are planning to load you guitar in a truck with other gear, or might ship your guitar or take it on a plane, this case is not the one you want to buy."
B000CCMWVG My Seagull Entourage Rustic fits very snug (I think that is a good thing, not certain) in the case which has a nice faux fur lining and seems well made.I was considering theSeagull Dreadnought Casebut there were no useful pictures or details on the item. I decided to try the Guardian and save a few bucks.Seems like I made a good choice."
B000CCMWVG Guardian?  Well, it is padded, but I've only gigged once since having the item (with 3 rehearsals held prior) and I can say that the case is nicked up \"pretty good,\" as they say in the South.  Yes, it will last, because it is a guitar case, but there's no way there's enough security to protect an instrument on a plane.  Now, that's for flight cases to handle, but don't even come near abusing your instrument while it is housed inside this case, because you may be disappointed to have to buy new parts once the \"guardian\" fails to guard against crushing your hardware.  This item is not one of the better cases out there, but it does suffice, and it does look good.  The first day I got it, someone said, \"nice case, it looks great!\"  Say that now, though, after using it outside the house 4 times, and you'd be a lying SOB."
B000CCMWVG This is a typical inexpensive hardshell guitar case made in China.  I bought it to replace the original (chipboard) case for a 1963 Gibson ES-135 archtop.  Lower bout is 16&#34; wide, upper bout is 12&#34; wide, body is 21 &#34; long, and it's about 5&#34; deep at the bridge.  Fits very snugly in this case which is what I was hoping for.  The case is about 4&#34; longer than the top of the headstock but I didn't expect an exact fit.  The wood shell is thin so don't drop anything on it but it is also lighter than a lot of other cases.  Normal plush fake fur inside with about 3/4 of soft foam all around.  Black tolex on the outside is thin but looks okay.  This is NOT a case to take on the road or if you travel by air but it is adequate for casual use.  Only annoying thing: the case arrived locked.  The keys were, of course, inside the case.  Dumb.  A friend at a music store used a key from another Guardian case to unlock it.  A good reminder that the case latch lock is to keep the latch from popping open and NOT to keep crooks out."
B000CCMWVG Great quality, nice interior, and fits my Yamaha F335 perfectly. Solid and steardy case that will last a very long time."
B000CCMWVG my fav cases ever"
B000CD1R7K Good quality, strong and excellent finish. Nicely priced. A foot rest will help you maintain a good posture while playing, a must for classical players."
B000CD1R7K It does exactly what it says it does.  My only complaint is I wish it could go a notch or two lower.  But very pleased.  It's cheap and works like a champ"
B000CD1R7K It's a great versatile foot rest that any guitar player can benefit from, very good value at only $10 not counting shipping, very satisfied."
B000CD1R7K I've been on a guitar accessory shopping spree lately, and this is my favorite purchase as of late.  I've bought nice straps, but when I'm practicing for hours at a time, this foot rest is a great reprieve, and literally a weight off my shoulders."
B000CD1R7K Was using a box and this is a great help.  My stomach doesn't feel wrenched anymore.  I use it on my right leg with the guitar on the right leg.  Maybe not as conventional as the classic position but it works for me."
B000CD1R7K Great foot rest, it's not flimsy.  But it's not light weight.  I put it in my guitar bag to carry with me and I definitely feel that it's there.  I like that it's adjustable to various heights.  I am short (5'1\") so I usually have it on the highest setting to prop up my left leg when I'm playing classical guitar to get the guitar at the right angle.  But I sometimes adjust it down when I switch it to my right leg and when I'm playing Flamenco and rather than rest the guitar between my legs like in the classical posture, I shift it over to my right leg.  I ended up getting a 2nd one so that I keep the one at the highest setting for when I'm playing classical, and then the other one at the lower setting for my Flamenco playing.  Great foot rest, I recommend it."
B000CD1R7K Just what I needed to position my guitar while seated.  I was worried it would not hold the weight, but it does well."
B000CD1R7K I was looking for a foot rest for a good value and that is exactly what I got.  There isn't too much to say about it.  It's sturdy.  It's adjustable.  It's a great price.  It really made playing easier for me."
B000CD1R7K This little foot stool is really sturdy. It stays in place beautifully. No rocking sideways, no wobbly action.If one of the notches doesn't do it for you, you're screwed: There's no gradual adjustment. But the positions it allows make sense for 99% of players."
B000CD1R7K "
B000CD1R7K This is heavy, but strong.  Very comfortable, I cannot carry it around with me, but it works well at home.  I recommend it."
B000CD1R7K I like this product, but wish it had a wider foot or base to it for carpeted areas, it does get a little unstable on carpet.  Does fine on hard floors."
B000CD1R7K The other reviews for this foot rest called it sturdy and well built. They were right. It can be adjusted to a number of different heights to suit your particular needs - and based on the design of the stand it will stay where it's put. One of the best parts is that while it is stable enough to be the main foot rest where I play my guitar it can be collapsed flat and it easily fits into a bag or backpack - probably around half of the thickness of a chord book, although heavier, as it is steel with a rubber tread on top. It feels like I will own this for a long time - a well priced, good value.Edit2/2013After owning this for around a year and using it every day I find that it still looks and works like new. I recommend it highly."
B000CD1R7K This thing is useless. Good idea, but way too light/rickety to be useful. Unless you're constantly aware of it, 99% of the time you'll end up just kicking it over when you go to put your foot on it. Pass on this."
B000CD1R7K This is quality construction.  It's definitely a must.  I'm a taller guy and it's important to have proper posture for longer playing periods.  I'm glad I bought this."
B000CD1R7K I've owned several poor quality foot rests in the past and needed a new one.  This one exceeded my expectations and for the price is an excellent value.I'm 6'2 and weigh 225.  There are numerous adjustment angles that I can switch to and be comfortable and I'm not concerned about the legs bending.  The photo makes them look weaker than they are."
B000CD1R84 I purchased this rack last year to hold my outboard recording gear.  I liked the fact that it was open in the back so I could patch things in and out easily before I bought a patch bay.  I find it very sturdy and well made, and I've loaded it almost completely full.  I do recommend placing the heavier units towards the bottom."
B000CD1R84 great rack.  small enought to fit on top of a table or under it.  light weight but holds a lot.  at some point I had 2 behringer amps, power conditioner and 2 single unit audio processors."
B000CD1R84 First off, most audio racks have that annoying &#34;slide these little metal pieces over the rails and put your screws into them&#34; instead of properly sized holes. Not this one. Not only do the holes get made proper size with threads in them, but it even includes 48 screws so you don't have to try to figure out which of the 3 sizes you've collected over the years is going to fit.I loaded it up with equipment and haven't had a worry about it since. Solid construction and the mounting just works. This one is done right."
B000CD1R84 Simple and useful rack stand. Easy to assemble. Easy to mount rack components... but the rubber leg terminals are easy to lose too. A little more interest in the manufacture means more quality."
B000CD1R84 This is exactly the item I needed for my podcasting rig.  It holds my Behringer mixer along with my compressor and my vocal processing box.  It lets me move the whole thing easily out of the way when I need to use my table for something besides podcasting.The stand is easy to assemble and is very well built.  There's nothing bad I can say about it, if you need to hold some audio gear then have no reservations about picking one of these up.  Highly recommended."
B000CD1R84 This stand is great for my 45lb Peavey 1500. It is a light weight rack and I had to put the amp toward the bottom. I wouldn't put much more in it but it is exactly what I needed. I can grab the rack by the top bracket and move it around easily. Haven't tried gigging with it but if you are gentle I think it would work fine."
B000CD1R84 This rack stand is made up of a heavy steel, and welded together very well. I received my rack stand yesterday, and put it together in under 5 minutes. My audio equipment mounted easily, with the 48 INCLUDED mounting screws, and everything looks great, and I don't have to worry about this thing collapsing or falling over. It is very sturdy, and very stable. I recommend this to anyone planning to rack up to 12 audio or networking devices. I will definitely be purchasing another rack stand once I fill this one up. I will add pictures of my rack stand setup shortly."
B000CD1R84 I've had it for about a month now and it hasn't fallen apart so I guess that's a plus, but the main issue with this rackmount is that whatever automated machine they used to drill the screw holes is definitely defective, as a large majority of the holes are slightly deformed and will not take in the provided screws and are therefore USELESS.  Thanks to this problem I am only able to use TWO slots out of TWELVE.  It's definitely very frustrating and although the price is tempting, stay away from this."
B000CD1R84 it ok, its hard to use the bottom 1u space because of the angle, the gear must be very short to fit the bottom space before hitting your mounting surface....11u rack, not 12u...."
B000CD1R84 I use this with my mobile DJ equipment and it is fantastic. Very sturdy and light enough to easily carry. Holes for screw mounts are perfectly placed and allow easy component installation. Plastic covers on the feet came off right away though, but not really a big deal to me."
B000CD1R84 I've uploaded customer-supplied images above to show just how much gear one of these is capable of holding and how small the stage or studio footprint is. When you factor in the price it's plain to see that this rack is not only a bargain, but a flexible platform for mounting components.One other characteristic that the images reveals is this is not a table-top only rack. They work very well on the floor.The rack itself is easy to assemble and is built like a tank. I have a bass amp head and a power amp, plus a power conditioner in one of my racks that, combined, weighs around 50 pounds. The rack is not stressed or strained by this weight, and could probably hold another 50 pounds safely and reliably. Another plus is it comes with a bag of high quality mounting screws for components, eliminating that expense (I was expecting to have to orderRaxxess Rack Screws With Washers Hardware (Pack of 25), which turned out to be completely unnecessary.)My only complaint is the rubber feet caps easily fall off, but a little glue rectified that rather trivial problem.If you need portability, reliability and value for smaller gear suites that are frequently moved (such as setting up on stages) this is an ideal solution for rack mounted equipment. I am so pleased with mine that I intend to purchase another one, bringing the total to three."
B000CD1R84 I purchased this to help unclutter my desk with some of my recording gear. This stand is very stable and useful! So if you want a cheap way to rack your stuff this is the way to go!"
B000CD3QY2 The ability to quickly change the range and sensitivity has made it easy to dial in the exact sound you want to hear. It's built like a tank and has worked flawlessly in the time I've had it. Since I normally power it with a wall wart, I don't have much of an opinion about battery life.Bottom Line: It costs a bit more than the standard Dunlop wah pedals, it's worth it."
B000CD3QY2 Sure it's a few bucks more than the standard Crybaby, but totally worth it. Built like a tank, but make sure to apply a little bit of white lithium grease to the gear pieces once a year or so to keep things smooth and reduce wear on the inner workings."
B000CD3QY2 for 99 dollars , quit looking at other wah pedals....this one does it all......its so versatile....sounds very authenic 60's too,.....good pedal movement....endless variations in sound avaialable.....it gets a great sound right out of the box ..dig it man,,!!"
B000CD3QY2 Your option to change the wah configuration is amazing. Only problem is the no DC adapter included, needs buy separately."
B000CD3QY2 Lunar lander here we come, This pedal will take your playing to the moon. It's easy to use, I recommend getting the 9v AC adapter to save on batteries and avoid the battery hassle. Use the Crybaby with other effect pedals, the uses are endless and fun. I was playing some 'Born On The Bayou' Creedence guitar the other day and wow, It will build your music muscle power to try and keep up with where this pedal wants to send you. A keeper, not like pedals that have no lasting power, this pedal has so much to offer over such a wide range of playing styles. It's right up there with my top five effects pedals of all time. I'm sure I'll be using the Crybaby for the rest of my music life."
B000CD3QY2 Wow!  This is the pedal to own.  There are a lot of good pedals out there, but this one has that original, bright wah tone and a range of features and tonal settings that can take you from 70's quack to surf warble to rock tone sweeps. Just amazing! If you don't have to have a specific dunlop signature pedal, this will get you through most of the tonal range you could imagine. A great purchase and built like a tank."
B000CD3QY2 For years I played the original Cry baby, the Vox Wah, and others I can't remember names of. I was always on a quest for a good wah sound that I just couldn't find. I didn't want to spend $600 on a wah with a rack. So at the recomendation of a studio engineer I purchased this wah about 5 years ago. I am very pleased that I followed that advice because this pedal really has the range of wah I was looking for. The greatest thing about this pedal is that it is customizable. The user dials in the frequency sweep they want. The volume boost is a great feature when you need to play a lead over the live mix. I recomend this wah pedal over all the others, especially the signature series wahs because you can get the same sound out of this unit with a little tweeking."
B000CD3QY2 This is the wah I was looking for.  Very versatile and built in boost feature is great too. buy it...you wont regret it."
B000CD3QY2 First of all, I love the Crybaby 535Q and I recommend this wah pedal. I will tell you my wah pedal story.Several years ago, I bought a Crybaby GCB-95 and, even though I did not use wah very much at the time, I think it was in the shop twice to get repaired within a year. Fortunately, it never gave out on me during a gig, but it was only a matter of time. Finally, I gave up and just stopped using wah pedals completely.A couple years ago, I bought a Digitech XP-100 whammy wah, mainly for the whammy effects to learn how to do Morello's style. Since it has some digital wah patches was available, I started to use them too and was happy because it doesn't have a treadle that will break like on my GCB-95. The wahs were usable, but just did not sound as good.Finally I was supposed to play Alice in Chains, \"Man in the Box\" and the Digitech was just not going to cut it. So, it was time to get a real wah. I searched around on YouTube for demos and talked to people to see what they used. I chose the 535Q because people told me that they've never had a maintenance problem with them, and it is very versatile.You can get several kinds of wah sounds by tweaking the dials,and they have some great suggestions in the manual to get started. I set mine on the Cantrell setting and have left it there because I mainly use the wah when playing early alternative 90s hard rock styles. That setting works will in songs like RATM, \"Bulls on Parade\" as well, including to create the white noise for scratch DJ sounds.I still do not use wah pedals terribly often, but it is nice to have a reliable wah that can do whatever I need it to by simply adjusting a couple knobs. I think that as long as I need a wah pedal, this one will suit my needs in many styles, and I think it will remain on my pedalboard for years! It is definitely one to consider, and the price is not that bad."
B000CDT4VQ Bought for project Telecaster. Delivered promptly and in excellent shape. Case fits well and is finished nice, Hard to find better case at this low price!."
B000CDT4VQ I know most budget guitars don't come with cases, most not even a gig bag anymore. That's the trade-off I guess in the internet age in order to keep costs down. Even my Fender Standard Telecaster came sans-case and I had to coax the salesperson to throw in a gig-bag as an incentive but even that was back in the day. I had not looked at guitar gear in so long that I didn't think about guitar cases until I got the itch to get a new six-string and came across these. They look great, seem well built(I am not a professional touring musician) and apparently do the job.The exterior is covered in black tolex, just like a pricey case, and the gold stitching and plush interior really make this case seem worth much more than the asking price. The storage compartment is adequately sized and there's a simple lock that would only be functional as a safety measure to ensure it stays latched. There are brass feet on the bottom and along the edge to keep it level and prevent damage to the case. It fits both my MiM Tele andSquier by Fender Deluxe Stratocaster Maple Neck, Pearl White Metallicperfectly and I suspect it will do a fine job protecting them.I will be picking up a tweed version for the Telecaster to match up with the style, and my lovely Fender amp. Like I stated, there's no longer any excuse for not having a good guitar case."
B000CDT4VQ This is better than a gig bag, for sure, and looks like it could hold pretty much any standard sized solid body electric. Now, it's not padded really well and doesn't look like it'll hold up for more than a few years, but it was cheap. It seems to be slightly off kilter at the hinges and requires some fidgeting to get the lid closed properly, which is why I drop a star."
B000CDT4VQ I bought to use for my squire strat. It also fit my tele to. A real good quality case to protect your axe from damage when carrying from gig to gig."
B000CDT4VQ This is an inexpensive but for the money, well built case. I don't have any complaints. My Fender Strat fits snugly in the lined case and while it isn't the most durable case (I wouldn't use it to ship my guitar) it is strong enough for hauling your guitar from one place to the next."
B000CDT4VQ I've bought three of these now - this is an awesome, well made case that fits just about any superstrat guitar easily. The most recent was for something rather unique (a fanned fret, compound scale eight string) and that guitar also fit perfectly with plenty of room to spare.There are more expensive options out there, but for a non-fitted \"do it all\" case, this is the best bang for your buck hands down. I am comfortable using it to carry any of my guitars, from the inexpensive ones to the high end customs. Great case, great price."
B000CHJTG2 The Pyle \"Battery Powered PA System With Wireless Microphone\" is surprisingly well made and has features I would have expected on much more expensive equipment. We run workshops, often at our customer's locations, and needed a portable PA system that could easily be transported and doesn't require a lot of power. Here are my observations:+ Long Battery Life - Worked for over 4 hours straight, but can be connected to AC to work as well+ Wireless Microphone - Built into the system, has good range, and acceptable sound. Battery included.+ Inputs for 2 Microphones, 1 Guitar, and 1 Audio Connection - Each with it's own volume control+ Portable - Built in retractable handles and wheels makes moving this around very easy+ Includes a mini-Plug to 1/4\" Converter - A handy accessory+ Includes Echo Effect - A fun adjustable effect to liven up your voice (my kids loved playing with this :-)Note: My unit shipped with one of the fuses in a bag and it needed to be installed before the system would work.This unit worked much better than expected and is a great value for the performance of this small sized unit!Highly Recommended!"
B000CHJTG2 It works and is very versatile and puts out great sound and power.  the portable feature is great also. Just what i wanted"
B000CHJTG2 It's really not a 200w system.  The booklet even says it is only 100 watts, and I doubt it is really even that powerful.  The wireless microphone only works when you put your mouth about an inch from it.  My Shure XLR wired microphones do not work with it even with an adapter plug.  The instrument input works OK with my Taylor guitar, but it's not 100 watts loud.  I guess it's OK as a portable guitar amp in a small venue without any vocals."
B000CHJTG2 .I'm a guitar player and singer who works with a band and as a solo and as a duo with a bass player. I found one of these used for half the retail price. It had no microphone but I already have mics and I don't like wireless anyway and don't need one. Besides, who could pass up the bargain as long as the unit works.Well, it was great. I brought a small Behringer guitar amp in case I had to choose between guitar and vocals in terms of sound quality since the unit has onle one set of tone controls. BIG surprise; my Martin GPA sounded great through the PWMA-230 and so did my vocals. I didn't need anything else for a duo gig in a large and semi-loud bar. Volume was strong, the sound was clear and full and the guitar and voice sounded as natural as could be. It's light as a feather (I have troubles with my knees and use a cane and it was no problem) and it sounds great. And since I play there once a week I left it at the gig and do not worry about theft or breakage since the unit is so inexpensive and replaceable even at the marketplace price. I might give it 4 1/2 stars but I can't figure out how to get half-stars. This is a godsend to one and two person acts who already have enough to carry. With my ZT Club amp for my Telecaster for band gigs and the PWMA-230 for acoustic gigs I have more room, less to carry and less to worry about.Update Oct. 25th:I think others have mentioned problems with Pyle-Pro Audio's customer service. I must say that my experience with them has been unsatisfactory too. I wrote to them praising their product and asked if for specs on the power cord and whether they sold an extra in case I lost the one that came with the unit and if they also sold a cover for it. I wrote a least three times and got no response so far. The website was no help and calling them directly was worse; got the wrong dept., was transferred to a dept. which never picked up the phone. I still love the PWMA230 but I am no fan of its manufacturer.Update Oct. 28To be fair, someone did finally contact me today. My questions were unanswered and I don't think my e-mail was read very carefully but at least they did respond. I'll update as to the answers and information provided."
B000CHJTG2 This system works just okay.  Try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.My microphone stopped working shortly after I purchased this item.  I contacted Pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.They couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where I could even buy a replacement.Very frustrating!"
B000CZ0RHY I only use this as a tube amp for vocal.  For the price, I can drive 2 mics, and fit it in a 1U space.  The tube sound is good enough for live performance for as long as I don't crank it up too much, it also helps with the gain of the SM58 as it's much lower than my other Line6 mic.  I used to have multiple  Studio Projects VTB-1s and ART Tube Pacs but their tubes seem to have died due to old age, and I mainly cared for the tube feature in them, so stepping down to the MIC2200 is fine with me.If you want to get warmer vocal sound, and don't want to invest too much for it, the MIC2200 is the way to go, imo.  However, buying Behringer products always require crossing fingers (and hope that they last).  So I'll update should I encounter problems."
B000CZ0RHY This is a wonderful product for the price! Ive used other tube preamps that cause terrible humming at low input gain. A little difficult to set up properly, but if you are running an eq separate, then you only have to adjust the input and output. I dont care much for the tube display with led lights behind it, but it doesn't bother me either. Behringer makes great products at incomparable prices."
B000CZ0RHY I use this as a microphone preamp with an AKG Perception 220 microphone. There are 2 ins and 2 outs, 1 balanced/1 unbalanced on each channel. I am not an expert on studio equipment so this review is from a personal position. I run this direct to my digital recorder. I get a good clean sound on my vocals. Still to early to give reliabilty and flexability of this unit. The unit is 2 channels, has rack mounts and is sturdy, not sure on the tube yet. New to the Behringer product line, but so far I like it and will explore its potential. 5 stars for price, quality, features, amazon."
B000CZ0RHY I like this preamp. I use one channel for microphone and the other for an electric guitar with good results.Is very sadly and spendthrift that its useful life will be the duration of its tube, another concept of producci&oacute;n nothing considered with consumer and planet."
B000CZ0RHY Don't like that it's difficult to change the tube.  Sound quality was not what I expected, maybe because I wasn't familiar with the settings.  No power cord was included in mine or manual.  Manual should have been include not sure about the cord.  Dials are very small.  My MIC200 and MIC800 are much better than this.  I can't say it's bad.  Just that there are better choices in my opinion."
B000CZ0RHY I operate an alternative broadcast studio, we create music related content and broadcast it on the internet. We needed some stand-alone microphone preamps and after searching the internet I decided to give this Behringer unit a try.This single rack space unit provides two independent microphone preamps, each of which is equipped with a single band of sweepable parametric equalization to adjust the timbre of the final output. Before I even tried the piece as a preamp I opened it up to look inside.DO NOT EXPECT TO CHANGE THE TUBEThe tube is mounted in such a way that it is probably impossible to change it out for a different one.Fortunately the preamps sound good with the stock tube. There is no schematic provided so it's really impossible to say how the tube is implemented in the circuit and how much it actually contributes to the tone of the unit.HOW DOES IT SOUNDThe preamps sound very good, full, rich, crisp highs, deep lows, it's a function of the microphone you connect to it as far as I can tell. For comparison I A-B compared this preamp to our very expensive API 3124+ preamp which is a 4-channel unit that we paid over $500 per preamp-channel for, that is 10-times the price per channel of this Behringer unit. I'm not going to say the Behringer beat the API but they were a dead heat in most listening tests. My female partner who is not too technical (but has great ears) thought the Behringer was just as good as the API. We also have a Grace m801 which is another over-$500/channel preamp, she definitely liked the Behringer sound better than the Grace (personally I think it was the EQ on the Behringer that affected her choice when comparing to the Grace).If my API or Grace preamps go toast I will definitely have them repaired. If the Behringer dies, it's going in the trash and I'll buy another one. It's simple economics and at $100 for two preamps that sound as good as they do these are really nice. They sound good. They have an industry standard packaging. The input and output connectors are excellent. It even has a line input mode so you can add a little tube distortion to a line-level signal (I have not tried this because we don't need it).We broadcast between three and ten, live one-hour shows per week using this preamp for vocals. NOBODY in our listening audience has ever complained and none of them know we switched from our high-end pieces to this very inexpensive preamp. Now our expensive preamps are back over in our production studio and are used for recording tracks that play behind our live performances during the shows.RELIABILITYWe have not had any problems with this unit. It is warmed up for an hour before each broadcast, I've never heard any noise or bad stuff come from it. We have A LOT of Behringer gear in our studio, it lives right along side gear from Neve, API, Allen and Heath, UA, Meyer, Lexicon and Apogee. Out of 103 pieces of Behringer equipment I've bought we've had two pieces that had problems and those occurred right out to the box. I had much worse reliability with Crown amplifiers than Behringer products and I really like Crown amps, regardless of the problems, they just sound so good. In my experience the Behringer products have provided professional results for an amazing low price. That's a win-win in my book."
B000CZ0RLK This is not a top tier condenser mic, but it is well worth the 40 dollar price tag. It has 2 different pattern modes as well as a gain boost switch. The carrying case is also nice.Do not expect this to be MXL or even Behringer B-1 quality, but it's still better than no condenser, and is perfect for doing room acoustics or live mic'ing."
B000CZ0RLK I tested in my friend recording studio and work really good trust me for the price it over the top"
B000CZ0RLK Seems to work well.  Like the other reviewers said, you could probably pay 150 more and get the same thing.  solid construction.  getting used to the attachment.  It will never stand in the position like in the photo.  There's no resistance on that joint so it flops down.  Just place it upside down.  Record using a headset or you'll get too much feedback.  Just ordered a shorter stand.  Hope that it works with that joint that makes it stand head down."
B000CZ0RLK No complaints at all. I use this for vocals and recording acoustic through a Pod Studio UX2. Have had tons of compliments on the sound. People can't belive its a 50 dollar mic when I tell them. Such a fantastic price on this, can't beat it."
B000CZ0RLK I'm just getting into miking and recording music, mainly to get my son off to a good start. I'm kind of feeling my way. When I wasn't getting a good result from a dynamic mic, a friend suggested a pre-amp and/or a condenser mike. I ended up getting both (the AMP tube pre-amp) and running this through the AMP into my Tascam DP-008. WOW! I have to work on getting the levels matched properly, but this thing is just SO much cleaner than the dynamic mics when used on an acoustic guitar. Our music sessions have slowed down a bit (he just turned 16, so hanging with the Old Man is the LAST thing on his mind, LOL), but this is a quality piece of equipment that seems durable. Includes a nice hard plastic carry-case, too. For this kind of money, you can't really go wrong."
B000CZ0RLK For the money, this mic performs very well. It is very sensitive, I can hear my computer fans in the background with this mic. If you are going to use it for recording make sure you have a quiet room. I also put a pop filter on it. I've only had it a day, so I'll see how it does in the long run."
B000CZ0RLK this is my first real recording microphone. I really like it.  I use it to record vocal with my home studio setup and it does a good job"
B000CZ0RLK After reading all of the reviews here and around the Internet, I took a chance since this is my first professional-level microphone. I'm glad I did because it's really great.One thing you will need, though, is a phantom power unit. I wish I could remember which one I got here on Amazon (I think it was about $25-$35) but it worked great. Excellent sound quality, much better than any other mic I've used."
B000CZ0RLK [Later: The mic is indeed the Behringer C-1, but Amazon has provided it with the description belonging to the C-1U.  Unlike Amazon's description, this is not a mic that comes with USB plug, phantom power, and computer connectivity. And, of course, none of the advertised \"included\" computer software programs is included.  It's a conventional studio mic that requires connection to a regular amp / P.A. with an XLR jack and phantom power. It will NOT connect to the USB port of a computer without an expensive adapter and a preamp with phantom power.  Moreover, Amazon's form thus far is denying a refund and offering only replacement--presumably for another mic just like this one! If you want the described mic, Amazon is showing it from a different vendor--at about 30 more plus S&H.;]The Behringer C-1 mic is the best condenser mic I've used for the money, its large diaphragm capable of reproducing some of the rich and deep sonorities of the costly, high-end mics at the radio station (NPR) where I occasionally work.  However, Behringer makes a distinction between the C-1 and the C-1U.  The description on Amazon fits the C-1U, not the C-1.  So one way or another, 50% of the purchasers of this product are likely to be surprised and disappointed.Indeed, the C-1U is a phantom-powered mic that doesn't require phantom power, which it derives from the USB port of a computer.  Moreover, the mic not only saves its owner the bother of a pre-amp with phantom power but it also makes unnecessary a costly (and time-consuming) XLR to USB adapter.  It's ready to go--just plug it into your laptop and start recording.  (I use Sound Studio, but the included free software--Audacity--works practically as well.)On the other hand, if the mic is a C-1 as advertised, be prepared to receive a conventional condenser mic, with an XLR connector and a phantom power requirement (found on numerous recording devices and P.A. amps or available on a neat little pre-amp sold by Amazon, the A.R.T.).Having just returned a keyboard--the M-Audio Pro88sx--for which Amazon mistakenly provided the wrong description (for the M-Audio Pro88, not the Pro88sx), I'd be hesitant to place any bets on which mic the buyer will receive--the C-1 as advertised, or the C-1U as described.  At least if you're purchasing directly from Amazon instead of a sub-vendor, you can be assured of a hassle-free return.  And if the mistake is due to Amazon's description, returns are generally postage-free."
B000CZ0RLK This microphone deserves the positive reviews it has received. It is very well made equipment, which is readily apparent to a total sound equipment novice like myself. The item as pictured looks different from what I received; it is not the all lighter gray plastic looking body base, it's more of champagne color and is metal and the screw on adapter on the bottom is black (heavy duty plastic). Not sure why the picture is showing that is, because the actual microphone I received is much more impressive looking.I was initially looking to spend ~$125 on a simple home recording setup using my iMac. I ultimately spent about $135 because I moved to a Behringer mixer board that can convey the appropriate power to a condenser mic like this one.For those who are starting out with recording, I recommend this microphone and a quality XLR cord and you will not be disappointed with your results."
B000CZ0RLU Do not expect a studio quality out put from this unit. That said, for the price it is an excellent product. Obviously, if you are looking for a studio quality mic you would not be here. This product does what it supposed to do and exceeds your expectations. For a normal use this is quite good. Feels little tiny but excellent gain. I would buy it again if required."
B000CZ0RLU I can't believe I'm giving a 5 star review to a Behringer product, but they got these right... I replaced a way-more expensive Audix condenser mic with these, and they actually sound pretty darned good. If I crunch one or if one breaks, I'll just get more at this price. I have other Behringer mics laying around, and they all kinda suck. These are totally fine."
B000CZ0RLU These come with a stereo holding bar and adapter for mic stand.  They do need 48 V phanom power from your board or a mic amp.  I'm using a mic amp and these are the input to a paging system which I will review in more detail later.  The 48VDC comes from the mic processor then cancels feedback and sends the paging audio to my amplifier which I will review as a set.If you do stereo recording, you can't go wrong with these - their self noise level is so low it is below that of a human ear.  It sounds great, and setup outside with 140 dB of gain it really performs well hearing birds chirp from far away, rain drops comming down, and sounds you never would hear.Note:  NEVER get these wet - you must have a cover over them for outdoor use in the rain.You will need 2 XLR cables for full stereo recording with the transfer bar, but you already know that."
B000CZ0RLU I use this pair of mics mostly to record a piano in XY configurationPros:-Price point-Sturdy, good construction-Included accessories (carrying case, clips, stereo bar)Cons:-Have to adjust the gain just right on a mixer preamp to avoid noise"
B000CZ0RLU These are condenser mics so you will need phantom power to make them work. I'm using them in our drum room, one is on hi-hat and one is on a small cymbal. They have a smooth un-hyped sound.The mics also come with a nice little plastic mounting bar so you can mount them in a stereo pair right out of the box. I have used them in an X-Y overhead position and they sounded quite good and very natural.Some of the other microphones in my kit cost upwards of $1200 each so I am aware of what &#34;expensive&#34; microphones sound like, these perform &#34;up there&#34; with the expensive mice while being bargain priced.Good music to all."
B000E0PPG0 2 15&#34; speakers each with a horn built into the cabinet. These hold up great year round. I will more than likely take the speakers down to make sure they don't fall onto my baby grand..."
B000E0PPG0 no problem...it came today like the computer said it would... the box was mint...to my surprise there wasn't even any tape on it... I opened it ... pulled it from its plastic sleeve and set it up on about a minute it was holding a speaker cab...thanks again Amazon....and why would I shop any where else?"
B000E0PPG0 It is lighter than most, fast and easy to set up and not bulky while strong and sturdy enough to support heavy 15&#34; speakers.The material and paint quality is not the greatest but the price is good and it will last long enough to worth the money especially for me gigging 4-6 times a week."
B000E0PPG0 I only needed one, I haven't use it, but I'm sure it's going to work well. This is going to be use for a piano amp which will help with the sound of the amp when put on top.ffsalsa"
B000E0PPG0 Okay here we go again what can be said about this roduct except that it works and does what it us supposed to"
B000E0PPG0 It's a cheap speaker stand. Heavier, in terms of weight, than I thought it would be. Cheaply made, the safety pin is kind of a joke. Overall though, it'll do the job. I would not use this at the highest height setting, but one or two notches lower, else it starts leaning."
B000E0PPG0 the knobs seem very easy to over tighten, I haven't done it yet but I'm planning on treating this stand with the utmost care so as not to have any surprises when I put my expensive PA speaker on it"
B000E0PPG0 If you have really large or heavy speakers, you might want to consider professional grade stands, but these will work fine for any speakers under 35 lbs. or so (maybe more, if you keep them lower down).  They look nice, and are easily worth their selling price.They do not include any additional hardware for mounting the speakers, so you'll have to figure out what you need, and buy those things separately."
B000E0PPG0 I own a mobile DJ company and have 4 ultimate TS-90 stands and i'm really not happy with them.  This product is simple does the job and is well priced.  They are a little heavy at 9 lbs per stand but i like the look and operation of them.  I've been happy with them so far."
B000EE8YPK theres the snark for clipons, the blackout or boss tu-2 for pedals, or a rack option. my pre-amp unit has a tuner but i love these for tuning off stage or something. got at least 3 of these around, i can use this for bass or guitar (i tune to low drop f and it even picks it up on bass)"
B000EE8YPK The tuner is great  -  seems very accurate and senses all the notes with ease. my only complaint is the little kickstand on the back, doesn't hold it at an angle that i find very usable.  otherwise? a fine product that i expect to last for years. korg makes great tuners. i also have a pitchblack and a pitchblack plus. if any of the three of them were to ever be lost or stolen, i'd replace them in a heartbeat with exactly the same models."
B000EE8YPK I don't use the other features, but as a tuner, this product is spot on.  Filters out noise well when using the mic.  Only two things to gripe with - 1.  The leg that you can use to prop this up isn't very usable. and 2. It's not great for gig use as the screen isn't that readable.As a home tuner or for a brightly-lit gig - excellent!"
B000EE8YPK Works well.  It can detect tones from the electric input or acoustically.  I find myself using it a lot.  Even as I learn the notes on the guitar fret-board.  If I guess incorrectly it reminds me of the note.  I also use it to intonate my guitar.  It has some other advanced features, but I haven't need them.  Display is nice and large even though I still need my reading glasses to see the note."
B000EE8YPK It is always a delight nowadays when any electronic device is still functional after such a long time.  From 2006 when I bought it, till 2013 when I write this, still going strong, very happy with my purchase.  Alas, my experience says newer devices being sold are rarely as good as when they first come out, but you never know, it may still be as good as ever now.For what it's worth, I am a professional musician with perfect pitch."
B000EE8YPK I have had this tuner for about half a year and frankly, I have had enough.The main problem with this tuner is the usability.The tuner has a poor display, is extremely finicky and it does not display the octave of the key.Tuning with it can be condensed into one word - frustrating.The needle is very finicky and jumps all over when ever I pick the strings, especially so when the guitar is much out of tune.The poor display is dark, with no build-in light, and has poor visibility at angles too. Combine all that you have a terrible, accurate tuner.Yes, it is accurate but only as accurate as what the graph can display, which is +/-2 cents.Enough said, I bought a new tuner, the Seiko SAT800, for a bit more money that this.The main differences between SAT800 and the CA-40:SAT800 has a build-in light, CA-40 does not.CA-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, SAT800 does not.SAT800 has a auto and manual mode, CA-40 has auto.SAT800 displays the octave of the note, e.g. 1E, 2E, etc, CA-40 displays only displays the alphabet, E for all oactaves.SAT800 has a numerical display for the cents off, CA-40 does not.The needle graph on the Seiko is much more stable and it is just way more usab
B000EE8YPK used for my guitars also great for adjusting intonation on a guitar...used on open tunings and bass as well as my Mandilin... ..."
B000EE8YPK What happened to all the Korg tuners that had LED lights on it? Don't get me wrong this tuner works great and makes tuning to E flat much easier than on a non Chromatic tuner but that's ALL I use it for. I prefer my older tuners that light up, This screen is really dim and there's not a back light. My guitar room isn't super bright and it's very difficult to read.Guess that's why the price is so cheap."
B000EE8YPK I sent this to my grown daughter for her birthday and she has been very pleased with the product. I have three tuners myself and I find the Korg to be portable, easy to use and easy to read. Battery life appears to be adequate. Oh, and not to forget...accurate. Shipping was faster than advertised. A \"thumbs up for this one\". Amazon comes through again on price and product."
B000EE8YPK My only criticism is that for the size of the screen the readout is reallysmall and a bit hard for an old blind man like myself to see."
B000EE8YPK I've owned several inexpensive Korg lcd tuners over the years. Like all of the others, this one is excellent, reliable and durable. I keep this one on my bass guitar gig bag to tune up before and during gigs."
B000EE8YPK This tuner works fine for the flute and clarinet however for things that use the input jack it doesn't really work. As soon as I insert any cord into the jack it automaticly goes to a very low B flat and stays there... Even if the guitar and bass are not on the other end. At first I thought it was my cord however after four cords doing this, I also tried other tuners with the same cords and they worked fine. So again works good on the sound input but poorly with cord input."
B000EEEYCW I've been very disappointed with this tuner. When I've used it the needle keeps jumping all the way to the right(sharp) then back to the left(flat). I have two(2) other tuners I bought from Wal-Mart and I always get accurate tunings from them.  I bought this KORG because it's a brand name and the Company has an outstanding reputation. Even though my tow(2) Wal-Mart tuners are older, they both still work better than this KORG."
B000EEEYCW I have tried several different brands/types of tuners in my 13 years of playing. I have found that this model fits my needs perfectly. It quickly detects the tune, dynamically changes as you turn the tuning pegs, and is extremely accurate. It also has options to tune flat, sharp, guitar, bass, etc.It is also small and portable. I have one in EACH of my 12 guitar cases and it fits into the accessory pockets/pouches perfectly. I cant recommend this tuner enough.As always, please indicate if this review was helpful and keep on rockin'"
B000EEEYCW The quality and feel of this tuner is very good. Tuning the guitar is really easy, just put the batteries in (it comes with 2 AAA batteries) and press the red button to turn it on, then pluck the strings! This is my first tuner and its great already! It's very portable."
B000EEEYCW This thing works well and is a little easier to see and less jumpy than my old tuner.  The LEDs are a little cheesy compared to the old one though.  But maybe that saves on battery life.  I don't know.  It gets five stars for just doing its job quietly and for a fair price and not breaking.I'm also glad I bought the one specifically for guitar/bass and not the chromatic one."
B000EEEYCW This was the easiest tuner I had.  I am sorry I gave it away now when I upgraded.  LOL"
B000EEEYCW Wonderful to use - as soon as I put the batteries in and started even without reading the directions - easy"
B000EEEYCW There are better tuners out there. Far better. This could be good, but it seems to me that all Korg products seem to think of Standard tuning as the only tuning out there, and they don't even tune it well to Standard (especially when tuning the G string)! I personally play exclusively in Standard for my electric playing, but sometimes I want to fiddle around with open-tunings on an acoustic. This piece-of-junk makes it incredibly difficult to tune to any tuning using \"F\" or \"C\" notes. I have no clue as to why that is, pretty stupid if you ask me, especially once you consider that majority of this generations guitarists are metal heads playing in drop c tuning or acoustic d-bags (I say that with love) that play in open tunings. Trust me, your money is best spent elsewhere."
B000EEEYCW Bought to tune my bass. Works fine and at the this price it cant be beat. Highly recommend for budget tuner."
B000EEEYCW It works beautifully. Arrived on time as promised as expected it is durable and it is easy and accurate as well, is as described."
B000EEEYCW Had to return the first one.  Second is holding it's own.  Just using it on an electric not sure about acoustic.  Spot on when used correctly inline with cables."
B000EEEYCW All tuners like this are going to be a little \"jumpy\", none of them are perfect.  This does the job perfectly once you get the hang of it.The Korg Pitchblack was a little out of my price range, so the GA40 is working perfect for now.  Overall this is a fair priced tuner from a reputable brand... five stars."
B000EEEYCW I AM SELF TAUGHT GUITAR FOR ABOUT 15 MONTHS.  WITHOUT THIS I WOULD BE LOST.  I WORK WITH A GUY WHO HAS PLAYED GUITAR FOR 30 YEARS.  HE TUNES IT TO ITSELF .  WHEN I HAD HIM TRY MY TUNER HE FOUND THAT HIS GUITAR WAS TUNED TO ITSELF YET SO FAR  OFF.  FOR $15 YOU CANT BEAT THIS.  DON'T BE SO CHEAP. BUY THIS AND ENJOY IT!"
B000EEGAJW I always buy the gross pick package and this is a damn good deal.  Never had such colorful ones though :)  If you need picks do the math.  It pays. ships fast as always."
B000EEGAJW Fender Heavies, what more needs to be said?  Great price for the quantity.  Just buy it so you don't have to worry about losing a pick or storing extras around various places."
B000EEGAJW I love these picks. I buy tons of them all the time. If you are like me and prefer to just strum tunes on your acoustic then these are the picks for you. I prefer thin picks for basic strumming as I am a beginner guitarist and they are more forgiving."
B000EEGAJW i bought these because i couldn't see spending $4.50 a dozen at the local music store. I figure 12 dozen will last me for years. Get them for yourself if you use and lose picks like I can easily do."
B000EEGAJW These are the best celluloid shell-colored thin picks around.  Tried all the off brands but came back to Fender picks in the end."
B000EEGAJW I have used Fender Thin 351 picks for 40 years but always in either solid black or swirl brown. These picks are great because when you drop them on stage or in a dark club you can find them easily."
B000EEGAJW I started using the confetti picks years ago, when I used to occasionally drop my pick.  No matter what color the floor/carpet/stage is, you can find your pick easily.  No lost picks.I like the extra heavy picks.  They suit my playing style well.  I don't have to wait for it to snap back, It doesn't bend. They don't break, either, although they do wear down over time.KMC Music Inc shipped fast and I got free shipping.  When I buy a gross, I only need to buy picks about once every 7 years.I would recommend these picks to anyone who likes a heavy pick!  Thank you KMC Music Inc for fast shipping!"
B000EEGAJW These are the only picks I use.  They're Fender thins and the quality is one thing that Fender has kept consistent.  They arrived on time and I will order them again."
B000EEGAJW These picks break way too easy.  I only play a few times a week but they dont seem to last long when playing for more than a few hours at the time."
B000EEGAJW Great heavy picks, amazingly cheap price.  You really can't go wrong.  I lose my picks continually (Bermuda Triangle in my Laundry?), and this has been great to have an endless supply..."
B000EEHCUS very pleased"
B000EEHCUS I don't know if they are the best (haven't tried them all), but from what I've tried, none are better. D'Addarios are top quality, and very reasonably priced. My choice for 12 string or 6 string acoustics."
B000EEHCUS Nice bright and full sound. Good life, they sound good for a couple of months. Inexpensive. Fast delivery. I am happy with this product."
B000EEHCUS Guitar tone is more subjective than almost any other topic.  And I'm sure that brand loyalty has as much to do with our perception of that tone as any other ingredient.  Even so, D'Addario has provided a consistent product for more years than I'll readily admit to knowing. I've used may other brands, but I seem to always return to D'Addario for all my steel stringed acoustic guitars."
B000EEHCUS These strings have soothed my poor sore fingertips...They are very light to play and make my practising easier whille Iconcentrate on building callouses  ; )"
B000EEHD4I even though i ordered large...still not fitting...will do a little homework to try to get this reemed out a little more to fit...i do not have giant hands so large should fit...but not this...very well made...heavy if thats what your looking for...arrived on time..but...good luck"
B000EEHD4I This is a very high quality Slide and really serves the purpose very well. Try one...............I think that you will love it, if that's what you're looking for."
B000EEHD4I After experiencing some frustration with the tone differences and the difference in the amount of noise between a Stevens steel bar (for lap playing) and a Dunlop 210 glass over-the-finger slide (for \"Spanish style\" playing), I decided to try the Dunlop Harris tapered brass slide.  It's probably a personal issue, but I much prefer the weight of the brass slide.  The taper seems to cover the stings of my resonator guitar more consistently than the straight glass slide.  The sustain is better and the string noise is easier to control.  This slide also seems to be well made and has a nice shine to it.  The material and the fact that it fits better than the glass slide are significant pluses.  Another practical plus for the brass slide is that I don't have to worry about what would happen if I drop it.  In short:  it's a winner."
B000EEHD4I I never use slide to play my guitar, this is the first I ever have, look like good quality, I just have to learn how to play ;-)"
B000EEHD4I When they say small, they mean small.  I had to order the large to get it comfortably on my ring finger, and my hands are not large by anyone's standards.Find the same slide in Large, and I wrote a complimentary review there."
B000EEHDIE Got them today and put them on a Wasburn X series.  Nice sound. I would recommend these to anyone. An inexpensive but nice set."
B000EEHDIE Sounds and feels nice. I have an entry level guitar, a Peavey Rockmaster. It came with entry level strings. These strings make it sound like an upgraded instrument.Be advised, the low E string is thick. When I try to depress the 12th fret, I can't get it to register as a hit with Rocksmith 2014 unless I press HARD with my middle or index finger. Well, sometimes the pinky is needed to do that. Plan on a weaker score if you learn guitar using this game."
B000EEHDIE I have used the EXL115W set for years.  Nice to have the whole set again.  Sometimes have to buy the EXL115 without the wound third, and then have to find the wound third in a single string.  Not fun.  I like the sound of the wound third.  I play a thin hollow-body electric and love how the strings sound and are easy on the fingers.  No more thick calouses on the fingers.  Playing weekinds and practicing, they last a long time with the same sound quality."
B000EEHDIE They have a nice thick sound, bright enough to be clear, good mids, nice bass notes, clear trebles. I like em."
B000EEHDIE I got these about five months ago and they still have not broken on me. That is a record. The tones are warm and welcoming, not as sharp as with other strings. It is the sound that I like though."
B000EEHDIE D'addario has been at the forefront of quality and long lasting strings for as long as I can remember.  This guage is perfect for all my arch top guitars."
B000EEHJS8 It is very easy to apply, great results and very little effort. I'm surprised by the results. Never got this shine in my guitar with any other product."
B000EEHJS8 this is great stuff....only problem...no order...i guess im used to lemon pledge on furniture...this works fine...smooth slick finish...yes...guitar slips a little off my knee...but very happy just wish had sometype of order...yes..nice order..tks"
B000EEHJS8 First wax I have bought. I usually don't wax. I tend to use cleaning sprays. I am going to be waxing now on. Gerlitz makes this wax easy, not greasy. This tin should last a lifetime. It comes with an applicator designed for contours of guitars. I would use just the minimal amount and still get a mirrorglaze. Leaves no ffingerprints or smudges. My classical guitar sounds better after a dose of the GERLITZ GNO NO 1 CARNUBA GUITAR WAX!!!!!"
B000EEHJS8 I purchased this wax for a brand new guitar to help minimize scratches on the back though I make every effort to avoid them, and to protect the side where I rest my arm when playing to keep from wearing through the finish over time.I've used Carnuba car wax many years ago, and this is a much higher grade, easier to apply, easy to remove.There were some really tiny cracks in the polyurethane finish that I did not notice at first and I was actually able to fill them using a couple of coats of this product so they now look like tiny indentations with a smooth surface. They were very minor and did not affect the wood, but this will seal them. Not a sufficient defect to return the instrument.Another reviewer mentioned a problem applying to metal. I have open tuning machines, and before applying Tri-Flow with a pinpoint applicator, I used this wax, let it dry then buffed it out with a pure cotton towel. The chrome is gleaming. They're really beautiful. Did a great job on the headstock as well with MOP and abalone inlay when the strings were removed. Also got the tuning pegs. This is a 000 - OM acoustic. Only way I can imagine harming metal is you slightly dampen the sponge, (I used distilled water) so if someone left too much water - possibly a problem, but all worked fine for me."
B000EEHJS8 I bought this wax and compared it to Meguiars I've been using for years and it surpasses Meguiars by miles. I have a few guitars and they really shine with this wax, you can really see the depth of the paint with this wax and it works great on headstocks also. I like the applicator and the fact that this is a paste wax which is effortless to apply.Along with a few high end guitars, I also have a few beaters. I used this wax on an old Squier that is thoroughly used and it looks fantastic. fine scratches and blems are gone and the guitar looks great.I use old t shirts to buff the wax off the guitars and found that it comes off chrome easilly, I overdid it with an older Les Paul guitar and was surprised to see the wax come off with ease. I will buy this stuff again and again, my local guitar shop sells this for the same price."
B000EEHJS8 This stuff works amazingly. If your interested in buying the product, don't listen to the people who say it is too dry. I thought it worked good, and mine was a bit dry. This stuff isn't supposed to be really waxy, its a hard wax so I would think it was supposed to be cracked. Mine wasn't that cracked, and it worked great! I love this product and would definitely recommend it and say this is a must-have."
B000EEHKVY I really feel like this thing is my personal slave, just standing off to the side, waiting to grab my guitar when I hand it off. It is reliable and rock solid. The tripod base has been very steady so far. It really is a great product.The other thing I have to say about this stand is that it has the non-scuff padding on the all the RIGHT places. I bought another stand from another company that claimed to have similar material. And it did, but not at all the guitar contact points.I do have to laugh at the folks here and on Musician's Friend who have given this a bad rating because of the following:1. \"It ejected my guitar when it got tilted forward.\" - The basic idea is their guitar was on-stage, someone pushed the stand forward, the patented guitar retaining mechanism disengaged when the base of the guitar touch the floor on the way to the ground, releasing the guitar and dumping on the floor. REALITY: Let's say the stand held onto the guitar. It still would have hit face first and messed up the guitar. Sometimes accidents happen. Don't blame the stand. Blame the moron who knocked over your guitar.2. \"The guitar touches the floor.\" - It's not supposed to! Try elevating the next, or make sure you bought the model appropriate for your kind of guitar.This stand is worth the extra money over those $15 disasters. Spend an extra $10 and save yourself the headache."
B000EEHKVY The absolute best guitar stand made. Strong, and durable. I bought one about 4 months ago, and just ordered a second. Hercules is by far the best quality for musical instrument stands."
B000EEHKVY I've been eyeing these stands for a while - ~$40-50 always seemed like such a lot of money for something to just hold a guitar upright. I'd spent a little money (usually $5-10) here and there on cheapy little stands with the spinning base. Now that I finally have one of these, I'm throwing those pieces of junk out and buying a few more of these Hercules stands.It hold acoustic and electric guitars very well. With the extendable neck, it can also handle a bass guitar. The angle this leans back makes it very stable, and when a guitar is hanging on it, the center of gravity is such that it takes quite a bit of force to tip the stand over. It holds both electric and acoustics. I haven't done any full drop tests, but regardless of which guitar I put on it, the stand didn't once feel like it was going to tip over easily or drop the guitar.Piece of mind is key with an instrument that costs several thousand dollars, and this stand lives up to expectations, and does exactly what it's meant to do."
B000EEHKVY The stand is very well constructed and very stable.  The other stands that I have used were all bottom holders.  I was a little concern using a stand with a neck holder, but then again..all guitar stores display their guitars with them...so I thought ... lets have a go,  I'm glad I did.  My stand doesn't tip over like the others.  You just have to lift up before you take your instrument out.  The fingers in front hold the instrument in... lifting up slightly will disengage the fingers so you can remove your instrument."
B000EEHKVY I use this music stand for my acoustic bass and electric bass these instruments are quite large and it secures the very well and they are very easily accessed  . I also use it for my acoustic tenor guitar which is on the other end of the scale in size and it works beautifully for it, Breaks down to a reasonable size for transport."
B000EEHKVY My only complaint is that it doesn't fold up smaller, but otherwise this is an excellent stand. I have to concede I'm a bit spoiled by the super light weight and much more compact folded dimensions of myK & M Memphis Pro Guitar Stand. However that light weight comes at the cost of a slightly more fragile build. The extra heft of the Hercules has the advantage of slightly better stability when you remove the instrument from the stand (the K&M; tends to want to bounce backward as the weight is removed if used on a padded carpeted floor). Despite not folding up quite as small, the Hercules is simpler to unfold and adjust (one action for legs, one action for height, whereas the K&M; has three separate legs and two vertical sections / clamps). I do realize that I bought the one without the folding yoke and am not considering that aspect when comparing it to the K&M.; Length and girth folded would still be quite a bit larger than the K&M; (large enough that I won't try carrying it in my gig bag pocket as I do the K&M;).I'm also not convinced Hercules' trade mark pivoting finger yoke is all that necessary on this type of stand. The back angle and the fact that a good portion of the instrument rests against the padded legs means it would take so much force to knock an instrument off of it that it's knock the whole stand over. No big deal, just more parts (and weight). I think I prefer K&M;'s yoke, as it automatically adjusts inward to the width of the neck as weight is applied. The Hercules has a fixed width yoke with pivoting \"gates\". Both work perfectly well with my Fender and similar bass head stocks.I've had two of the K&M;'s and the second was a bit of a disaster. It was defective in more than two areas. Defects happen, but one highlighted a weakness which concerns me a bit, and lead me to try the Hercules(I won't go into all of that here, see my review on that product). Aside from the potential weak spot of the yoke, the Hercules should prove to be far more durable and tolerant of my occasional clumsiness. I'm glad I purchased this one and I think I'll get plenty of use from it. But I should mention, it did allow me to better understand and appreciate the strengths of the K&M;, mainly its awesome portability (despite its slightly more fragile nature).In the interest of further comparison, I've got anUltimate  GS100 Support Genesis 100 Guitar Standon order, and will review it against this and the K&M; as well. I opted for the GS-100 without an automatic closing mechanism over the GS-1000 which has one for the reasons I stated above- I don't believe it is strictly necessary. The reviews of the GS100 are also more favorable, and the GS100 is cheaper (which suits my cheapness."
B000EEHKVY I've been playing the guitar since the 1960's, so I've gone through plenty of guitar stands.  Always found the hanging-type to be the safest & most secure.  For a long time I was using the Hamilton chrome hanging stand.  When I first saw these being used by all the guitar players at the church I attend (Christ Community Church, St Charles, IL), I decided to give them a look.  The build quality is very good and all the sections that come in contact with the guitar (Electric or Acoustic) are padded with a foam material to prevent scratching/ denting.  It offers a very solid support and I feel safe putting my guitar on it.  This is the only type of stand I prefer to use.  I do wish it wasn't made in China, too much of our money goes to that country (just my opinion).  The bottom line is that I am very happy with this stand and would recommend it to any guitar player who wants a sturdy, well built stand that keeps the guitar safe and should last for ever."
B000EEHKVY I heard alot about these stands and finally decided to buy one after my cheapo one fell over with my bass still on it.This is a nice looking, well designed stand and feels like it can withstand the rigors of constant use. However, the 5th time I took this to a show, I expanded it and one of the screws and nuts attaching the back leg to the support bar fell off and I never did fine the missing screw...wound up wrapping electrical tape around it to support my bass for the night. I ended up buying some screws and fixing it (which was also a pain as the nut needs to be inserted about 6 inches down the pipe and secured so you can thread the screw into it....not an easy task. I really expected better quality for $35.00 after such light use....still love it, but not to a 5 star level."
B000EEHKVY I bought this stand primarily to hold my Epiphone Les Paul. I have owned the other cheaper stands which are not built as well as the Hercules. The stand holds the guitar in place by the neck and the bottom of the guitar rests on the padding of the stand legs. There is no room for movement of the guitar like you fins with other stands. I can also move the guitar in the stand from room to room without issues. I plan on buying another one to hold a rather large acoustic guitar. I like how the stand is completely adjustable and locks into place.I strongly suggest this stand for heavier guitars rather than the cheaper stands out there, the extra cost is well worth the investment. I bought this at my local guitar shop for $40 after looking into it, the manager of the guitar shop recommended it to a few people while I was there.UPDATE 11/5/12- A few weeks ago, I bought myself a second one seeing the amazon price was lower than the local retailers. I usually buy locally, but the deal here was great. The stand is worth the price and more."
B000EEHKVY This is hands down the best guitar stand on the market. It will last a lifetime and never drop your axe. I have two of these plus a wall mount hanger for my basses and I love them all!"
B000EEHKVY I had been leery about leaving my Fender 5 string Custom Jazz bass on guitar stands until I met the Hercules GS414B.  The stand is \"built like a tank\" with sturdy legs and a strong upper support that fits the neck and headstock of my bass perfectly.  My bass weighs about 9.5 pounds with the strap and with its long neck, fits perfectly in the Hercules, with the body of the bass resting  well-balanced against the padded legs.The design and reclining angle of the stand makes it extremely stable and I experimented with trying to tip the bass over. It will take more than  an \"accident\" to tip the bass off its stand.  The self-closing mechanism works very well and requires no effort to lock or to unlock.The lock is engaged by simply placing the bass in the locking mechanism.  The lock releases by lifting the bass from the stand.My only dislike is the bright yellow paint on the leg hinge mechanism. I would have preferred  the stand being a more conservative all black."
B000EEHMXA I love these strings they are a little more mellow than most mando strings so they sit in the mix and let the guitars cut though a little more. I'm hoping they last a while!"
B000EEHMXA I bought a cheap Rogue A100 mandolin, and after setting it up I of course replaced the cheap factory strings.  I put these on, and what a difference.  These aren't too heavy, not too light.  They ring nicely.  I find that coating bronze strings with a good string cleaner, like Dunlop 65 Ultraglide, can help you avoid the dirty fingers and get much more life from the strings."
B000EEHMXA The J74's are sort of the default string that mandolin dealers put on their instruments.  They are bright and brassy when new, and give a decent punch to the sound.  However because they are bronze, they can discolor your fingers and they tarnish pretty quickly, especially in the summer when your fingers are sweatier.  Also, since they are round-wound, they are harder to fret than a flat-wound string and harder to shift up and down.  But the people who like them change them often, like once in 30 days or so, or whenever they play a gig, to get that nice bright brassy punch for when they are new.  This is because they get to a point where you have to work harder just to get the same volume, being less elastic, and less lively.  One thing is sure, that the J74's are loud and zingy, and that's why dealers put them on their mandolins.  Some folks move to the heavier J75's to get even louder and fatter woof on their chops.  The J74's are brighter and more aggressive than flatwound strings and cut through when you're in ensemble work.  Just make sure to change them often to get the best performance."
B000EEHMXA D'Addario strings have become the favorite for all my guitars, and now my two mandolins. Consistent quality and good tone and volume have made me loyal to the brand."
B000EEHMXA What more can I say? These strings sound GREAT! They play wonderfully, work well together, have a nice brilliant (but not tinny) sound, and are excellently made. These are not going to unwind on you or break easily.Excellent. That's all there is to say about it."
B000EEHMXA I am using these strings on an inexpensive A-Style Beginner's Mandolin; these strings made a significant difference in the quality and tone of the instrument; I strongly recommend these strings."
B000EEHMXA I've never bought strings before so it is kind of hard for me to rate these.  So far so good!"
B000EEHMXA Quality strings at a very affordable price.  They are made from quality materials and care is given with quality control to ensure the buyer of a good product."
B000EEHN9S I am learning to play the guitar. I needed a place to place my lesson book that was a little more ergonomically sound. I debated between this one and the other popular/slightly more expensive one. I cannot speak to that one's assembly process, but I found this one to be reasonably simple.I also like how you can just pull or push the stand in order to raise/lower it. The same goes for tilting. It is a superb stand with ample table space for book, iPad, capo, some picks and if you are creative, headphones. I love it and I am using it almost every single day. Very solid construction and the stand with the most height I could find.Go ahead and compare specs of each of the stands offered. As of today, this is the one that wins in the height, shelf and space categories."
B000EEHN9S I think someone else wrote that this is like the music stand they used in high school band class.  Yup, it is.  I would buy again.  My use is to hold my books while I try to teach myself how to play guitar.  This stand could easily hold a phone book as the lip is about 2+&#34; high.  Very happy with it.Just a warning to those that are picky.  Because of the way the tube locks together, the part that holds the music can shimmy a little if you knock or brush it.  Not an issue for me, but also did not want someone to think this is like a brick and won't move.It would be hard to tip over because the quality and thickness make this puppy heavy.  Buy it, you'll like it.  It will survive a nuclear blast."
B000EEHN9S This is the stand you remember from the band room. Effective, and built like a tank. You will need a wrench to assemble (a very simple task). One note - the metal feet would scratch some types of flooring, invest in the optional foot covers if you're concerned."
B000EEHN9S this stand is VERY GOOD ! nice and strong , i recommend if you can only afford a low price one to get this , it is worth a lot more then 29 dollars, this will last a life time, and its not real heavy you can pick it up and move it easily,,i was looking at the cheep fold up ones and read some of the reviews and then remembered seeing them in different yards out by the trash cans to be picked up with the trash,, so i looked for something better and ,i am so happy to have found this , at this price.i didn't want to pay more then 15 dollars for a stand ,but i really wanted something to last and if i bought one for 9 or 15 dollars and in 6 months its in the trash ,i would be buying another one , so really ,this is the BEST DEAL , i am SO HAPPY I BOUGHT THIS STAND you can't go wrong with this one,,,REALY !! get it !  it will hold a few books and stand should not tip over,its heavy enough not to, it slides up and down nicely, and the book shelf  tilts easly and stays and you can turn it as well, .,bolts are NOT plastic,witch is nice,,and very easy to put together and fast,,i got it together in one minute,i only used regular pliers to put it together..  the stand goes low enough for sitting or high enough for standing up while playing instrument,i truly recommend this for anyone  ! (i did get the foot guards for $1.95 to protect floor, on carpet you will not need them ,)and it comes with a 10 year warranty ,and with the free shipping you can't beet it,"
B000EEHN9S I read the reviews with low stars, the major complaints are squeaking sound when you twist the head. We use it to hold the musics and don't need to turn the head. The heads of music stands on stage are fixed too, if they turned, they could not fit into the music stand rack. This one work great for us.We have several music stands,  we didn't like them not because the heads can't be turned but they are unstable and can't hold thick book."
B000EEJ8IM Good cheap basic metal slide, sounds like it should. Only problem is I prefer to wear it on my ring finger but I have big hands (viz XL and XXL gloves) and the slide is too small to fit except on my little finger. A bit annoying but not the slide's fault I guess!"
B000EEJ8IM For the price, i'm really happy. It's my first one i get and it's perfect, i'm learning how to use it and it's not as easy as you guys think."
B000EEJ8IM I lost my trusty slide and really miss it. The Dunlop 220 feels heavier and looser on my little finger than my old timer but, it does sound sweet. If it was just a bit smaller diameter, that would do the trick. My old timer had enough corrosion inside to keep it secure so, a brand-new, sleek fit isn't a plus in my case. The Dunlop is well made, as expected. It's just not the Antiques Roadshow model I had in mind. Hmmm, might be a new product idea - rough up the inner surface and come up with a catchy name."
B000EEJ8IM I am a basic player and just starting to explore the possibilities of using a slide.  this one works fine so far.  it is rather heavy and I like that.  I also like that because it is metal, if you drop it on the floor, it is not going to break like my glass one did.  Be sure to get your correct finger size before ordering however.  otherwise it may come too big or small for your chosen slide finger."
B000EEJ8IM Sweet \"twangy\" sound that is a flash from the past of steel lap guitars.  I have a ceramic and this steel slide.  Each has a unique sound.  The steel as expected has more of brighter twang.  When I change my strings, I know that I'll get some differences in tonal quality, but hey, experimenting for that sound that reaches us is what keeps all of us buying new toys."
B000EEJ8IM Make sure you order the right size! I don't use this product very often but it provides great sustained and does not kill strings."
B000EEJ8IM very good slide smooth sound and reasonably priced  I use it with my 12 stringer in open g tuning  would buy other products from this company"
B000EEJ8IM Fast delivery, and exactly as advertised.  Put it to work making music within minutes.  The steel gives a clearer sound than the glass  bottle slides,  but you need both.  Good product."
B000EEJ8IM I did purchase 3 diferent slides this one is mark as a medium but is diferent size from the other one's what I ordered. Perhaps is good for some one with small wrong size . This is why I give only 3 stars because is to small for me."
B000EEJ8IM Well i got this after hearing seasick steve its cool i havent figured it out just yet but its a very good product"
B000EEJ8IM Great sounding slider for my electric AND it won't shatter when you drop it on the floor like the more expensive glass ones do. Plus the medium weight of it is perfect for my smaller hands to control the slide action. It has a great sound for the modern electric guitars, but is not really meant for lighter acoustic performances. I recommend."
B000EEJ8IM I have several different slides (glass, brass, steel, short, long, etc.)And this has become my go to for every slide guitar session I play on!I wear it on my ring finger, It fits great, the tone is amazing on acoustic, electric and banjo!Works great for blues, rock, a little stoner country, and even some metal! (the main genres I play in)Harmonics and sustain to spare!I keep it in my pocket at all times now, it goes with me everywhere, And has never failed to lay down some mojo when I bring it out!"
B000EEJ8IM This would have been a nice slide if I could get it on my finger.  I'm borderline skinny and it still won't fit.  Save your money unless your under 10 years old."
B000EEJAFS I love these picks, especially in this gauge. They are a bit thinner than the jazz 3s, so if you master em, you can in theory, play faster ;) They have a good grip, and a nice texture. The tone it gives isn't bad either."
B000EEJAFS Black Tortex picks with silver lettering.The Jazz picks are about 25% smaller than standard Tortex picks and have a more pronounced point."
B000EEJAFS I've been using Dunlap's Tortex picks now for going on 10 years, and recently just switched over to heavy Jazz picks (smaller - sharper tip). These picks work great. They provide enough surface area that they won't slip easily from between your fingers. They allow for a high level of sensory feedback from your fingertips once you get used to them. Any jazz or soloist guitar player would likely find these extremely comfortable to use. I also prefer the high thickness so there's no flex in the pick while playing which makes it easy to judge the pressure you're putting on the strings."
B000EEJAFS Nice picks, much brighter sounding than the jazz 3 nylon picks. I prefer the jazz 3s since thr jazz 3s are warmer sounding and wear resistant. but these pitch blacks are not bad. They do wear down quickly but a dozen should last a good amount of time.  This pick does what jazz picks are suppose to do and in my university's jazz ensemble the three tips are useful and makes playing difficult jazz chord  easy. It will feel awkward at first if you never used jazz picks but once you get the hang of it you'll never go back to standard picks."
B000EEJAFS If you like Jazz Guitar picks and if you like Tortex picks this is the perfect marriage.  These are the best.  Enjoy."
B000EEJAFS I've been a Jazz III fan since 1997 starting with the red (too buttery and rounded sounding) and then moving to the black (durable but a bit tubby sounding). Eventually I tried a 1.0mm Tortex of this pick which had good attack but was somewhat mushy sounding through amp sims.But then I tried this .60mm and holy cow the sound change was like getting new pick ups. More mids, more attack, faster attack, scratchier attack, and less lows. Now you'd think this would make your guitar sound thin, and indeed it sounds thinner but also clearer by a factor of two.Thus when recording through amp sims, you get a clearer more dynamic more attack-ish sound. When using the 1.0mm the fundamental was a bit too strong which made for a mushy amp sim sound, but this .60mm did the trick. It just sounds heavier, tighter, and more articulate. While it does wear faster, for recording purposes it's my current ultimate pick of choice.So if your guitar doesn't sound clear, articulate, or aggressive enough first give this pack of picks a shot. But you don't have to take my word for it... da-nehh-nan!"
B000EEJAWQ I like them but I love the Schaller locks more. They don't feel as secure as the Schaller locks. Sorry"
B000EEJAWQ i really like these...use with thick walker williams straps and evernthough they are thick straps they are soft enough to get these on..  the washer that goes on the strap is extremely thick and you have to fight it...but once you got it its a fine product..enjoy"
B000EEJAWQ These are definitely my favorite strap locks there are plenty out there but these ones are mine I've always been a huge fan of Jim Dunlop products and will continue using them for years to come"
B000EEJAWQ This system does not fail. Install it and you never have to worry about it again. Although it's a good idea to lube up bearings every once in a while. I put these on all of my guitars!"
B000EEJAWQ I use these on all my guitars.  Love them.  Easy to assemble and use.  If you have trouble putting it on your strap google for some videos showing you how to use a pliers to push the clip on.  Once installed they are fantastic."
B000EEJAWQ Here's what strap locks are supposed to do: securely attach your strap to your guitar. These do that much better than Schallers and the Fender rip-offs of Schaller.I used the Schallers many years ago. They look great, but the problem is they screw onto the strap with a nut. I am very good with maintenance, check for loose parts, etc., but at one gig with my super heavy American deluxe 5 string jazz bass, the nut worked its way off the strap, and I dropped it. It was with a heavy leather strap, and I did tighten it down with pliers upon installation and I'm sure I kept it maintained. Absolutely ridiculous and inexcusable. Never again. Unless you want to inspect and retighten your strap locks at every single rehearsal and gig, forget about Schallers. They're a good company and they make great tuners, I don't fault the materials, it's simply that threaded things can work their way loose, a fatal design flaw for this type of device. Come on, its only purpose is to not allow something to come off of something else.The Dunlop strap locks fit on with a locking ring. It is impossible to remove these from the strap by accident. If you're having trouble getting the lockrings on, I have a YouTube video posted to my channel, NickWeissMusic, just search for Dunlop strap lock installation. It's kind of tough at first but with experience, it's very easy. The package instructions are correct but not very helpful.I have these on more than 10 instruments, and have never had even close to a failure in well over a decade. The package recommends periodically lubricating the mechanism inside the lock, but I have never done so, in my experience lubricants usually gunk things up more than they help for things like this. I've never had so much as a grind or squeak from the button or ball bearings in these strap locks, if I did, I'd probably just replace it. I do give the locks a little tug when I put them on to make sure they're engaged, other than that, you can forget about them, which is the way it should be.The only possible downside is that these strap locks keep the strap a little further from the instrument then using no strap locks or the Schallers do, to which I say, who cares. Well, I guess a lot of people care about that, since I see it in a lot of reviews. If using no strap lock or a poorly designed one is worth it to you, just so you can have your strap a quarter inch closer to your guitar, so be it. I have seen Ernie Ball strap locks that seem to be a little lower profile, I think they use lock rings too. Maybe try those, but I'm sticking with the flawless track record of the Dunlops."
B000EEJAWQ A bit invasive and awkward.  I like another brand more because they feel a little more solid..  These feel a bit weak."
B000EEJAWQ I buy Dunlop locks pedals straps they all are top quality and I love them all. you need a strap strap locks or pedals buy dunlop"
B000EEJE4K I just got these in and I have to say, very disappointed.  It's as if I went into a boy's shop and bought a large shirt and expected it to fit a man.  What do they call medium or small?  This \"large pick\"  barely goes over my thumbnail area. I can hold it, sort of, so we'll see how well it works with my hybrid plectrum project.  (BTW, I'm an average grown man, 5'7\", 165)  More to come...Here we go, a few months later:  I just had a chat with a music store guy and found out that a \"large\" thumb pick refers to the thickness of the pick!  Bottom line, if you want a thumb pick that fits, go to a store and try before you buy!  Good luck to all."
B000EEJE4K Iv'e tried a lot of thumb picks( i use them for bass) you no what that doe's to them,these are the one's i'm staying with these thumb's."
B000EEJE4K I've been using National medium thumb picks for the last year until my last one broke.  Decided to try the Dunlop.  Overall - I'm very pleased with this pick.Previous reviews have indicated that these picks are smaller than the National mediums.  This is true, but isn't a complete description.  Basically, the National picks are much more elongated - so while the nail to thumb-pad distance is about the same on both, the across nail distance is much greater on the National picks.  I actually find the Dunlop pick to fit much better, and I don't get extra overhang as with the National (which tends to catch the string)."
B000EEJE4K I wear a large sized glove, so assuming that would translate, I got these.  While I can force it over my thumb, it is very tight and uncomfortable (i.e., pinches).  My thumbs don't have a particularly excessive diameter either.  I'm gonna try to heat these so I can stretch them a bit.  I know they need to be snug so the pick doesn't rotate when being used, but this is ridiculous.  Three stars because if they fit you, it is a nice pick (it would be 5 if they were described correctly for sizing)."
B000EEJE4K These items, though well made, and strong, are sized rather differently to National picks - With the National, I need a Large, so I ordered Large in this item - it is, however very tight, smaller in fact than a National Medium thumb pick.Essentially a waste of money."
B000EEJF4O I have a gibson les paul that I bought used. When it arrived the fretboard was in good shape, but very dry. I first tried lemon oil and it would work, but in about a week the fretboard would feel dry and have an ashy color to it (its rosewood). So I started looking for another solution and found the Gerlitz Guitar honey.I ordered it and applied it.  A few hours later I restrung my guitar and started playing and didn't care for the way the fretboard felt. I think it is because the guitar honey is a little thicker than lemon oil and it felt a little slimy because it wasn't completely dry. I decided to give it another 24 hours.The next day the guitar neck looked and played great. It is a darker color than any of my untreated rosewood fretboards and plays like a champ. Bends and slides are smoother than ever.Great product and one that I will continue to use. If you need a quick treatment before a gig or something, I would recommend lemon oil because it dries quickly. But I would use this in every other regular maintenance situation."
B000EEJF4O This treatment, after I let it soak in for 24 hours, made my fingerboard look great and play fast. A little goes a long way!"
B000EEJF4O As I mentioned in my review about guitar polish (already forgot what kind), I'm not really a guitar polish connoisseur, but this makes my fingerboards feel real good.  It got rid of that scratchy feeling when I bent strings, dissolved the crud, and makes the fretboard look just lovely.  It probably works as a fine hand conditioner too, but who can say.  Again, because I'm rather slack on the guitar maintenance thing, this bottle will also last me years."
B000EEJF4O I used this on the fretboards of my electrics and acoustics. It was easy to clean and left the wood feeling soft and polished without that slick feeling that other oils do. Highly recommended"
B000EEJF4O Works as advertised.  Makes the fretboard look and feel nice! I imagine this stuff will last for quite a long time as well since you only really use this when you're changing your strings."
B000EEJF4O I use this on the fretboard of my new Hohner wc03 Parlor and two Epiphone AJ220sce Acoustics. They had mimimal oil/stain from the factory.  Keeps the wood smooth and beautiful for much longer than a few weeks.  I use it every other time I restring my guitars, It is a really good product, I use it on all of my guitars, except my Strat that has a maple neck.."
B000EEJF4O I bought this to use on an older acoustic guitar neck which was a bit faded and after 2 uses, the wood looks great again. I used the honey twice in 2 days and brought back the maple wood to like new condition.This honey works fast and well and will make playing the fingerboard alot easier. I saw this in my local shop for the same price minus shipping after I bought this, but I do not use it much so it should last a long time."
B000EEJF4O I bought a guitar that had been sitting in a guys closet for the longest time, and the fret board was so dry and colorless. I used this, and the color became rich and less dry. If your fret board is pretty dry, DO NOT remove the oil. Let it sit overnight and then remove it with a towel. Leave it longer depending on how dry the fret board is. I love this because it doesn't leave an oily residue and it doesn't have a smell that stands out. I didn't even notice a smell. I definitely would say this is a must-have."
B000EEJF4O I requested this for Christmas in 2011 and was pleased to get it. I've used it on at least 7 guitars and it works great. First I used it to treat clean fingerboards that were in good shape and it worked well. It can even make a big improvement to the dry, porous surface of a cheap fretboard, and good rosewood fingerboards love the stuff.Later on I got some used guitars and used cleaned the gunky fingerboards with Guitar Honey (apply it, scrub with toothbrush, wipe with paper towel, repeat) and it did a lot better than I expected at removing the yucky buildup next to the frets.I like to apply it fairly heavily and lay the guitar down with the fingerboard level and facing up, and give it time to soak in. You will notice that some areas soak it more than others. I move it around on the fretboard so it soaks in evenly. Then wipe off the excess with a paper towel and you're ready to go.When I wipe down the strings after playing the first time or two after treating with Guitar Honey, the rag shows dark lines where the Guitar Honey cleaned the strings. I like making my strings last longer!Get some. I don't think you'll regret it."
B000EEJF4O I have a lot of high end instruments, and I live in New England so proper fretboard care is a must - especially with ebony and other woods that are prone to cracking and drying.This stuff is fantastic - MUCH better than lemon oil, dries a lot cleaner and doesn't leave any oily residue on the board at all. An hour after it's applied it sets up and doesn't get on your hands. I apply it on occasion with the strings on (I use Elixirs) and have never once had a problem.The best few bucks you'll spend on guitar care. 5 Stars."
B000EEJF4O This stuff is great. Leaves board clean and fast. No residue, no sticky and no oil film. Price is right. If you use any fingerboard treatment, try this one..."
B000EEJJ5Y Just bought this to see if it would inspire any new sounds for me.  WOW I love it.  The capo works great with no buzzing and holds the strings down well.  I am using it with a Seagull Entourage mini jumbo.  It sounds divine.  It makes chords nice and open and it is a blast to play with on the folk sound of the seagull, a nice mellow relaxed open sound.  Inspires my ears to make music.  Buy it."
B000EEJJ5Y This capo is great for adding another level to your guitar playing without retuning your instrument!Highly recommended! Just a nice sound it brings to your playing and has a bunch of great new chord combinations to mess around with!"
B000EEJJ5Y I play in different tunings and just slapping this on a standard tuned guitar makes for a lot of fun.  That's all I can say.  It makes me creative and I have easily thrown together a dozen instrumental fingerstyle tunes using this.  It's just fun."
B000EEJJ5Y This partial capo from Kyser has the same design, construction, and ease of use as Kyser's top-ranked and bestselling 6-string cano. It is definitely recommended. If you choose to go down he partial capo path, though, it's best that you either jam with friends who are familiar with partial capos or buy Randall Wolliams' manual on the partial capo, since its use is not intuitively obvious."
B000EEJJ5Y this capo helps make aesome music, thankful for it, i like using it for all kinds of palying, like at the beach"
B000EEJJI6 I've been using this for roughly a year now, and it works fine.  It feels a bit cheap, but then it IS cheap.  It's not as easy to move as a spring-loaded capo, but it's also much lower profile.  Overall, I like it and it's certainly worth the (minimal) price."
B000EEJJI6 This is a pretty good deal if you look at the price of other capos, and you get free shipping.Yeah, it's not as quick to use as the spring loaded ones, but still not bad; better than an elastic strap type.It is also great for creating your own short cut and drop D capos.  With a sharp razor you could do all sorts of crazy stuff.Do not overtighten the screw because the bottom arm is thin. You can add a pad of some sort, or just take care to not to over-tighten it.I'm the type of person that would glue in a small piece of material if it broke through.  So, far it doesn't look like it will though."
B000EEJJI6 This works with equal ease across all six strings, or only the bottom three.  Haven't run across a need to try it on the top three by themselves yet. But judging by its performance on the bottom three, and its fierce grip, it'll do just fine."
B000EEJJI6 It'll do for setup work, and the price is right. I wouldn't recommend it for live use or for anyone who changes keys every song, its too fiddly to adjust and get firmly set. I also wouldn't recommend it for anyone just starting out. A spring clamp type capo would serve better. This one is probably best for somebody who rarely needs to use it, and just wants one one hand or to keep in the case as a back up."
B000EEJJI6 works like it is suppose to, good quality.I am able to produce my music with the proper sound needed for the song.Thank You Kyser Capos"
B000EEJJI6 I bought the capo for the guys at a correctional facility that I work for. It gets abused, so I don't look for it to last long. Would not buy it for my own guitar."
B000EEJJI6 Works great, but it is a little annoying to have to tighten and loosen the screw to use every time.Some responses to comments I've seen in the reviews:--I've had mine for 5 years, used moderately, and the wear on the metal from the bottom of the screw is negligible. Haven't put a pad there or anything.--The manual screw functionality does, I feel, give an added level of control...you can make it very tight to ensure no buzz.--However, range of motion is on the wide side. To get it to properly capo the first fret on my acoustic, I have to put it right on the edge of the 1st string, and screw it down all the way, and it does sometimes leave some buzz.The price is nice though, so I would recommend it as a perfectly fine capo."
B000EEJJI6 I prefer my spring loaded capo, but this one works ok on my guitars. I'm surprised I haven't broken it yet."
B000EEK4VM I got it today in the mail, and i already tried it. It's really cheap product but it works really well. I'm really happy with it and it made me save several minutes to change my strings."
B000EEK4VM This string winder is adequate but not really solid. It gives me good use but seems like the materials are to soft. I had to glue the contacts on this thing since it gives way at times. This is just adequate for my use."
B000EEK4VM I hate winding strings. I got this to help with that. It does it job very well. You can string your guitar in a fraction of the time. It could be a little tougher but as long you don't give it hell it will be fine. Great and cheap product!"
B000EEK4VM Pretty simple tool, did exactly what I needed it to for a decent price. I'd order again if I needed another one!"
B000EEK4VM Nice to use and easy and smooth in putting the guitar strings on place on the guitar - very easy"
B000EEK4VM It is a nice smaller version of the 114SI Road Pro.It would be great if it had a steel shaft.The plastic shaft feels like it will break.But it is cheeep!"
B000EEK4VM this makes winding strings MUCH faster, but it does feel flimsy, and the end piece doesn't fit over my tuing pegs correctly, so it's a bit of a haslle getting started. Other than that it's great for the price, but not a must have"
B000EEK4VM And that's all I've got to say about it. It hasn't stuck, broken, or slipped in any of the string-changes I've used it for. Costs a little extra, but well worth that price. You'll need a new one about every ten years or so."
B000EEK4VM I bought this cause i needed something to easily change the strings on my guitars. This thing works great. For the price you can't beat it. Maybe one day I might get the powered one but until then this thing will do. Fits in your pocket, gig bag, etc. So you can have this thing on the go. Works great and you can't beat the price."
B000EEK4VM Lets face it, in general string winders are pretty much all the same right? WRONG! I went with this one because I trusted the Dunlop name. What a let down. on the second guitar I used it on the handle and the head separated, sure you can press it back together, but after separating several times on every string, it gets a little old....quick. Already ordered a different one to replace it. One thing I cant stand is inferior tools."
B000EEK4VM Jim Dunlop has produced these for more years than I'd like to admit to personal knowledge.  As long as I can remember, I've had one in my case and one on the workbench.  There are dozens of wannabe models, but none are as genuinely authentic as good ol' Jim Dunlop's.  I gotta remember not to get the black ones, though.  I seem to lose them to easily - or maybe they are really that good, and they just get 'borrowed'."
B000EEK4VM A simple device, yet so useful.  I hate changing strings without one, anymore.  Dunlop provided an inexpensive winder that's durable."
B000EEK4VM Ok its cheap. You knew that when you bought it. I really thought it was going to be more then one since it said assorted and showed a few in the picture. It was only one and it was red. Broke with first use."
B000EEL50Q Unique product offering new kind of protection from fingerprints, dust, oxidation, squeaks, or &#34;gummy areas&#34;. 2 or 3 drops on a cotton ball and treat several guitars. This is a thin viscosity lube that shines your woodgrain better than new. I don't like greasy feeling products on my guitars so Dr. Duck 2080 Ax Wax is designed for my needs. I threw  out my Gibson spray. Too oily. Dr.Ducks Wax is worth the extra $3. This bottle will last a lifetime. You could use it on your Johnson if you wack off the finish."
B000EEL50Q Dr. Duck's Ax Wax works great on all of my guitars, including my Nitro finished ones.  Can be hard to remove if you use too much, so apply only a few drops at a time."
B000EEL50Q This was recommended by a guitar repair shop, and I have found it is a well rounded product that all guitar players should keep on hand.  It will polish, and lube things like Floyd Roses.  Do your strings get funky from the acid in your skin oil?  Wipe them down with a little DR. Duck's Ax wax before you place your guitar back in the case.  The secret is always use the least you can get away with.  Too much for polishing and you will be rubbing it off forever."
B000EEL50Q Use very little of this. Rub it on and it then dries like wax then buff it off. It also lubes your strings. Good all around product."
B000EEL50Q Does it all.  Perfect for cleaning and waxing guitar; don't need a bunch of different items; this does it all."
B000EEL6J6 I dunno, cause I'm stingy with stars.  These have a nice sound.  I had an old guitar I bought for cheap at a garage sale for my son (8 at the time) to play on, but never really cared for it.  I finally got it out and started to tune it, but the steel strings broke.  SO I replaced with these.  It's a classic guitar, it shouldn't have had steel strings to begin with."
B000EEL6J6 great sounding strings. you can hear the difference once it is used. i will try to buy another one after i have proven its performance."
B000EEL6J6 These are really cheap strings but how they sound!! really good!! obviously not for serious live performing but for playing with friends or just rehearse, these are the ones!"
B000EEL6J6 D'Addario strings have never failed me. These are so much better than the other nylon strings I used to buy where the ball end always broke. These strings sound nice and you can't go wrong with the price tag either."
B000EEL6J6 I have a Don Pablo Cuban guitar, made in 1969,, for a few months,,, never change the strings,, and sounds great,,, I put this strings,, and wao,,know sounds wonderful,, few guitarist fellows could not believe the sound of the guitar after the string change,, try,, this are the best"
B000EEL6J6 Restrung my guitar with no problems. These were my first set of new strings so I dont really know what to fuss about hen comparing strings but these seem to work fine and have a great tone. I can really hear the difference between new and old strings. The strings are nice and smooth, and springy, very easy to press on."
B000EEL6J6 These take a while to break in but the tone is smooth and warm. They made my Cordoba C5 sound like a more expensive guitar. Not overly bright, just a richer tone"
B000EEL6J6 I bought a cheap 3/4 guitar that sounded really bad.  I replaced the stock strings with the D'Addario strings and it made it sound much better."
B000EEL6J6 Great prce"
B000EEL6J6 in the old days, we used tobe able to buyall 6 NYLON clear strings....now tis almost impossible....with these strings on even a cheap or semi decentclassic geeetar....one will prefer playing on the hi 3 treble strings...very nice, resonant, and clean...not shrillbutwhat is that garbage metallica with the other 3 supposed to bebass strings i dont know...Again, like someone else NOTED the OBVIOUS>>>>>sound transition from the nylon to the wire wound nylon is GIGANTIC.This makes the move from the D to the G string too noticableCANT THEY EVEN MAKE  6 strings that sound similar for the same one guitar even ?makes it sound like 2 different geeetars totally...sucks bad now.oohthanks man"
B000EEL6J6 I can't really say anything negative about this set of nylon strings.It sounds really good on my classical guitar. Will buy it again in the future."
B000EEL6J6 I've played guitar for some 35 years and have found D'Addario strings to be of consistently good quality.  They are one of maybe three companies I trust to manufacture a good set of strings no matter what classification of instrument.  Whether classical (nylon), acoustic (brass) or electric (nickel)... their strings produce excellent sound and are durable.Like any string, one needs to match size and construct to personal playing style.  That comes through reading reviews and quite often, simply testing.  But I've never played a set of this brand that I didn't like.  They always provide vibrant tonal quality.And no I don't work for D'Addario; just a long-time fan. : )"
B000EEL8US I love these picks and the .88mm seems to be the perfect balance of stiffness and suppleness for my playing."
B000EEL8US I am a LONG time user of the big Fender triangular picks.  I play rhythm guitar in a bluegrass here in Columbus, Ga.  I play mainly a Martin HD-28, but also have a Blueridge BR-180 and a Seagull S6 Coastal Spruce.  I bought a set of these to try them out.While I have nothing negative to say about these picks, I still prefer my big Finder's.  I guess I'm just too used to the big pick.  While I was playing Katy Daley with one of these Tortex picks, I found that my index finger was hitting the strings, on occassion.If you haven't been tainted for the big Fender picks, then try out a set of these.  I guess I could get used to them, but will stick with the big Fenders for now."
B000EEL8US These are my favorite picks to play with.  The Dunlop Tortex Picks have such a nice warm sound on acoustic."
B000EEL8US These are excellent guitar picks.  They don't slip in my fingers like the Eddie Van Halen guitar picks I purchased a while back."
B000EEL8US Tortex picks are the best.  Pitch black is so cool.  1.0 mm is the perfect thickness.  Don't buy those other picks, buy these because Tortex ... Black .... 1.0 mm is the perfect combination."
B000EEL8US If you have not used Tortex picks before, I highly recommend giving them a try.  They are NOT flimsy plastic that cracks and splits like most of the tortoise shell picks you see.  These are much more flexible so they last forever.  The only reason I've ever needed to get a new one out of the package is because I lost the one I was using...Just be aware that 0.50mm is really light for most players.  They do sell these in many different thickenesses and colors, so give order a few different ones to see what you like.  My favorite is the 0.70mm...  it has the perfect balance of flex and strength."
B000EELB8W I sprayed on all my guitars.  No problem with any chemical reactions.  It polished the body of the glossy guitars up like new.  Now i can see how guitar stores keep them looking so nice.  It must be from a product like this.  They seriously look brand new.  Makes nicks and scratches less noticeable.  If you want a nice looking guitar for the stage or display, this stuff works."
B000EELB8W Used this on my mandolin and it brought back the new instrument sheen it had lost months ago. I sprayed it on a bit of cheesecloth, used that to rub the instrument down, then wiped with a soft Chamois, worked like a charm."
B000EELB8W I love the Dunlop Formula 65 polish and cleaner. It works really well, and I like the easy to use pump spray mechanism. I've used other brands in the past, and they had poor spray nozzles. This one works almost like a mist. It does a good job of removing smudges and fingerprints. I spray it directly on the surface of the guitar, and then wipe it off with a flannel cloth. After I'm done the shine looks glassy and great!"
B000EELB8W It has a pleasant smell to it, not harsh at all. A little goes a long way. My guitar polishes up really nice after wiping it down with the dunlop 65. nothing to complain about."
B000EELB8W I can't say I'm a polish connoisseur, but this stuff seems to work very well.  It shined up all my instruments and got rid of all those nasty fingerprints and smudge marks.  I'm not very diligent in my guitar maintenance, so this bottle should last me for years."
B000EELB8W Dunlop 65 cleans the smudges and fingerprints off, but I dont know how well it actually polished. I like it well enough, just make sure you have a microfiber cloth to keep from scratching the lacquered surfaces."
B000EELB8W I get a lot of grease on my guitar from lotion, sweat, fingerprints, dust, what have you; I take some of this, spray it on a cloth, give it some elbow grease, and my guitars are shiny as the day it was made. I use it on my acoustic and electric guitars. The bottle lasts pretty long cause the mist is pretty fine. I use two sprays on the cloth for the front side of the guitar and then repeat for the back. It has a fresh lemon scent. I recommend this to everyone, a lot of product for an affordable price."
B000EELB8W Very nice polish! I have thirteen guitars and I would like to keep them all looking as great as they were new! Gets very shiny and smooth almost like its new from the guitar shop! Use it on everything!"
B000EELB8W Friend of mine has been playing/cleaning/modifying guitars for some 30+ years and this is what he recommended I use on my guitar to clean it.  Who am I to argue with him, he's used them all and said this was the best.  Easy to use - a little goes a long way, works very well and shines up nice.  He was right - great product!"
B000EELB8W The standard for mild, non-oily instrument cleaners. Leaves no residue, easy on old guitars' finishes. I have used it for years."
B000EELB8W Item arrived on time and as described.  My son loves this polish/cleaner.  He likes to keep his guitars clean and shiny.  They glisten when he uses this to polish them.  Great product!"
B000EELB8W I was looking for a cleaner and a polisher to get the grease and grime off my guitars. I decided to trythe Dunlop Formula 65 Polish & Cleaner. I thought, why not try a 2 in 1 formulation? After all, thereare shampoo and conditioners in one bottle, and that works well for me. So why not this? Possiblyfaulty logic but I went with it at the time.Well I have to say that it did well. I used a soft cotton cloth, placed some Formula 65 on the cloth(Not the guitar) and slowly worked on the more oily looking areas of my Gibson ES-339. This guitarmodel has a high gloss black lacquer finish. The Dunlop Polisher & Cleaner did a very good job on thefinish and did not leave any streaks behind.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It was after using the substance all over the guitar that I realized that one must not get Formula 65in any cracks or chips. I am thankful that I did not have any of said cracks or chips. I am usually oneto read directions thoroughly; but not this time. No harm done but I will make it a point to inspect myguitars for cracking or chipping prior to using Formula 65 again.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This stuff works well. It was able to lift off, with some effort, greasy build-up over the last year. I amnot a messy person but oily hands can and often leave smudges that mar the surface of the finish. Notonly does it clean up the oils from my hands and gosh knows what else, it also left a nice shine as well.The finish looks very good. This 4oz bottle will go a long way. It doesn't take much to work.I tried using an untreated micro-fiber polish cloth and that only pushed the oily mess around. That iswhen I decided to get the Dunlop Polisher & Cleaner. It definitely worked a lot easier than the un-treated micro-fiber cloth. I am now using the micro-fiber cloth to rub off any new smudges as theyoccur. I plan to re-apply the cleaner/polisher when I oil my fret board a couple times a year.I gave the Formula 65 Cleaner & Polisher 4-1/2 stars due to the fact you can potentially do damage toyour guitar. Chips and cracks do occur throughout the course of a guitar's life and can be expectedalbeit not wanted. So 4-1/2 stars because it does what it says it will do but you've got to be carefulusing it. So...be careful out there people....NOTE: There is a \"California Propositon 65 Warning\" on the web page under 'Product Details'. Amazonhas placed it there as a public service. It reads: \"WARNING: This product contains chemicals knownto the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.\" Just thoughtyou ought to know."
B000EELB8W Up until a few years ago I had been using the same old brand I'd been buying for 20 years.  Then, I tried this recipe... Dunlop 65.  It is wonderful.  It does everything the product description tells you about.  Excellent cleaner on both wood (painted and natural) and metal.  I use it to clean not only the body, but the tuning heads and bridge on my bass guitar.  No nasty residue build up over time.  It cleans and polishes just like it was designed to do, without streaking and so on.  You'll like this stuff better than anything you've used to date....or at least I think so.  I sure do."
B000EELB8W Spray on a fairly minimal amount across the body of the guitar and rub down with a lint free cloth.  Shines nice and doesn't leave it feeling oily/sticky.  Smells nice and makes your guitar looking new!"
B000EELB8W This polish works well for what I need it for. I am not a clean freak but I take good care of my instruments and this works well not only to remove the crud and fingerprints from a gig, but puts a nice shine on the guitar without having to work to hard with the polish to get there."
B000EELB8W I like this cleaner - it's gentle on my guitar finish and it doesn't smell bad either."
B000EELB8W My buddy used this for a long time so I thought I'd give it a try. Shines up guitars very nice. I use it every time I change my strings for a little zaz. It does It's job in fantastic fashion, but doesn't last the longest. The shine will fade soon enough, but looks great while it lasts."
B000EELB8W This is the best guitar cleaner and polish I have ever used. It cleans the grime and greasy fingerprints off very easilly and leaves a brilliant shine without a waxy/greasy feeling that cream polishes leave. This is a must for black guitars. Great product. Only wish was that is was bigger than 4oz. It's quite expensive for 4oz. But 2 or 3 sprays does the whole guitar including the neck."
B000EELB8W Took away my fingerprints and dust off my guitar and polished it to a shine that you couldn't see a reflection in yourself!"
B000EELB8W provides a great finish with a nice glossy shine.  Does not leave streaks if used properly.  This dries quickly every time."
B000EELB8W Have used it on a couple of ukuleles.  On my old dirty beginner uke that had been sitting in a closet unused for years it really made it look like new again.  I'm satisfied."
B000EELB8W This has got to be one of the best polish ive ever used on a guitar?Going to also last for a long time, cause just a small amount goes a long ways."
B000EELB8W I have many acoustic guitars and I use this on all of them to keep them looking good. Easy to use, wipe on and wipe off."
B000EELB8W It really makes your guitar shine! Also I use it on my guitar neck and fretboard and keeps it smooth and shiny. 5 stars. Also the price is right."
B000EELB8W This is just an excellent product. I have been using this product on my guitars for over a year now and as long as they keep making it, I will keep using it. You only need a very little bit to polish the entire guitar and you don't need to use it for every polish. Once you put it on initially, you can simply buff your guitar with a dry cloth for the next two or three cleanings and the shine comes right back. There is enough in one bottle to last a very long time.I highly recommend this product and would like to also refer you to the Dunlop 65 lemon oil for cleaning your fretboards. The lemon oil very quickly removes any residue and shines the fretboard up extremely well. When it dries, your fretboard is beautiful and very smooth for all your bending and sliding tricks. 50 stars."
B000EELB8W Puts on a good shine for your instrument.  I like the spray bottle applicator.  You can even apply a shine to the fingerboard area underneath the strings."
B000EELB8W I love this product! It is very cheap and the spray bottle makes it very efficient for distributing an even ammout of product on your guitar.  You end up using just the right ammount.  Would definately recommend it!"
B000EELB8W If there are still people out there who don't believe in magic, just try this. It has truly elevated my playing a few notches. I'd probably have bought another bottle already, but this one seems to be lasting forever! I've had it a few months now, I use it pretty much a few times everyday, and it still seems full.If after using this your playing doesn't improve, then maybe you should give up guitar."
B000EELB8W Nice Polish/cleaner  Really works very well on the finishes I have (cheap glossy chinese electrics, and a matte finish acoustic).  handy to have when your changing strings (to clean that nasty fretboard- wow do those things get dirty!) Pleasant scent (lemon oil), and no residue.  Lasts a long time (2 or 3 squirts will do an entire guitar."
B000EELB8W Love this stuff, I have been using it for years and it always does the job well. Cleans polishes and has a pleasant citrus scent. Cleans off grease, fingerprints, old beer and restores that sweet shine."
B000EELB8W I've relied on this stuff for years, and it has yet to let me down.  I play my guitars quite frequently, and they tend to collect a fair amount of sweat, etc., during a show. A couple sprays of this product and a quick wipe down with a guitar chamois return my axe to its shiny self, with zero degradation to the finish. I've even used this on matte or light finishes with good results.Tip: a little goes a long way. I play every week, I use this stuff every time I put away a guitar, and it still takes me at least a year or so to finish a bottle.  I figure this stuff costs me about 25 cents per month.  :)"
B000EELB8W It's cleaned and polished pretty my Taylor guitar pretty well.  I would recommend this.  If not this one, at least buy some kind of cleaner/polish.  Protect your investment."
B000EELB8W You can use a standard eye-glass cleaning cloth (about 2 quid) with this instead of buying a micro-fibre cloth (at 5 quid) they both do the same, imo. You could also use eye-glass cleaning solution instead (which I have in the past) but this special solution works better on the wood and laminate surface of guitars - but not on eye-glasses (smiles). This really does shine up your wood quite well. I recommend."
B000EELBQ4 I am just learning how to play the mandolin, one of the problems I was having was supporting the mandolin and fretting the notes, since I got this strap adjusted I no longer have to hold the neck so I can concentrate on the notes, I like the fact that you can unclip the strap at either end without touching the adjustments so I can put it into my case without having the strap laying across the neck, yet pick it up and with one click it is ready to play."
B000EELBQ4 There aren't enough uke straps out there for a good price.  This one is great.  I take away one star because the padded part could be a bit smaller, lighter."
B000EELBQ4 I had purchased a different strap for my F-style mandolin and it was adequate but when I learned of this Neotech strap and how adjustable it was I ordered it and tossed my earlier strap.  This should be configurable for any mandolin body size and shape and for most human body sizes and shapes as well.  My only complaint is that the button hole doesn't stay on the end pin of my Epiphone mandolin.  I solved that issue though by taking a large triangular pick I wasn't happy with, drilling a hole in the middle and cutting a notch from the edge to the hole and then sliding this over the end-pin of the mandolin and the strap hasn't fallen off since (over 2 months of daily playing!)"
B000EELBQ4 This strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it .  I returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin."
B000EELBQ4 This is a good quality product as advertised, fits well and enhances my efforts to play this instrument! I am satisfied."
B000EELBQ4 Recently acquired an Ovation mandolin, which itself is hardly &#34;standard&#34; in appearance, materials, etc., so I thought it would bea good opportunity to try a &#34;non-standard&#34; strap. I'm impressed! I'm thinking of picking up another for a more classical mandolin..."
B000EELBQ4 It's definitely high-tech, but since I don't own a classic-looking or vintage mandolin, I don't really care about looks. My primary concerns are comfort and function, and this product gets five stars on both counts. I really like the fact that you can attach the contact points, and using the click-locks, remove the strap from the instrument while leaving the contact points in place. Also, if you get the strap twisted up while installing it, just undo the click-locks, take out the twist, and reattach it. Pure function! This strap was very well designed and thought-out before going to manufacture. Five stars!"
B000EELBQ4 As others have said, the stretchiness of this strap makes the instrument seem much lighter and I am less likely to get an achy shoulder when playing for long periods of time.  It may take a few tries with different configurations of the attachable/detachable extensions to get it just right for you and your instrument, but don't give up, it's worth the effort."
B000EELFI8 This is a good looking strap. Much lighter and thinner then any strap that I have had. It has to be half the weight of others but that makes it very comfortable.Looks great on my blond Tele.The price is right as well.I like it"
B000EELFI8 not your fender quality strap.  this is a cheap, extremely low quality strap.  I've had it for a few months and my guitar has not fallen yet, but I can see the wear on the end it's almost at breaking point.  I would not recommend it. It's ok as an emergency strap or to get you out of a jam, nothing else."
B000EELFI8 I decided to get this tweed strap for my 50s Telecaster Classic, but when it arrived, I was a bit let down. The tweed finish is cool enough, but the strap is very thin, and the strap ends are pretty poor quality. If they truly are made of leather, I feel sorry for the hide they came from. The leather is so hard, you almost need fingers of steel to get the eyelets spread far enough apart to get them around the guitar strap locks.This is decent for the time being, but I am definitely going to keep my eye out for something more suitable to my guitar. Feels like wearing a $10 Casio with a $1300 suit..."
B000EELFI8 The tweed really grips on your shirt, the quality is perfection and they even give you a little string, if your using it for acoustic which I thought was sweet! Love fender."
B000EELFI8 Not a flashy strap but great in the studio or on stage when you need to change guitars fast.Light weight allows you to remove quickly.It is pretty comfortable to wear also."
B000EELFI8 I have three of these straps more my Strats. Very comfortable and durable. I really like the metal link as opposed to the plastic link which hold the strap itself to the the leather button hole. Great product!"
B000EELFI8 For the price this is a pretty nice strap.  It's thin but does the job well. The simulated leather end pieces are noticeably &#34;cheap&#34; but its a guitar strap and has not failed me yet :)"
B000EELFI8 I used to buy leather straps but not any more. This strap is very nice and comfortable. It's also the cheapest one I ever bought. Can't go wrong."
B000EELFI8 Not much to say...I wanted  Fended tweed guitar strap and this is the exact item in my sights. Thanks, it does what it's meant to do!"
B000EELFI8 For the price this is a wonderful strap. It can get twisted and wear out, but keep it straight and it will last you a long time. It has a vintage look, very soft and comfortable. It also has that vintage Fender coolness factor. I have 30+ year old leather straps that will be around years after I'm gone but I paid a lot for them and they're not as comfortable as this. I've even used these on Gibson's (oh, the shame) but of course they look best on Fender's, I guess. The truth is they will work on anything. The strap ends are great, but they're not really secure. Gaskets can take care of that. I own quite a few of these are they're great quality, look cool (in a vintage kinda way) and feel soft on my shoulder."
B000EELFI8 I chose this for its good looks, but was pleased by its construction as well. A very well-made strap with great looks and a super price. My only complaint, which is very minor, is that I think the webbing could be thicker and have a more sturdy feel. It just feels lighter than I like, but that's a personal thing. I have no complaints about the construction, the looks or the price. I use mine on an Irish bouzouki, and it really looks great and works great. I don't like straps that have smooth liners that allow the strap to slide around. This cloth doesn't slide around, and that's a good thing."
B000EELFI8 Sorry Fender...this one is just a waste of money.  Get something better that doesn't twist up an ravel into knots."
B000EELFI8 Beatiful, amazing strap. Very soft, very confortable, sits perfetcly on fender strap lock, and looks like my G & L Custom Fender Select Case. What else, so?"
B000EELFI8 I have gotten comments on how cool it looks, I'm finding that I prefer a thicker strap, but this strap works perfectly"
B000EELFTW Unlike some other reviewers I have found no quality issues with mine, it came symmetrically bent with a plastic pad that doesn't smell like anything, it holds my harp exactly where it needs to be and is easy enough to remove, all I need to do is loosen the bottom wingnut, rotate the harp away from my mouth, and lift the frame over my head.To change out harps bite down on your harp, use your hands to depress the tabs on either side and then pull your head back sliding the harp out as you do, to insert a new one place your harp in your mouth, depress tabs and use your mouth to center the harp in between the plates, when it is in position release tabs making sure not to get your lips caught between the harmonica and the plates as they pinch shut."
B000EELFTW The harmonica barely fits the holder, and there is no adjustment for distance from the mouth to the harmonica. I can't get the harmonica adjusted close enough to play it, unless I modify it."
B000EELFTW its cheap//it worx// what more to say?welp...only other thing to say is ashame that itdoesnt have like a thin brass slip washer with oneof those finned lock washers on the adjustment wingnutsand it'd be perfect!!! (nope...i still havent found those lilbrass washers that size in my stash so im on the hunt :Dblow-on bruthas n sistas!Doc P."
B000EELFTW I wish there was a fine pivot/angle adjustment to orient harp to mouth. I feel I have to angle my head awkwardly to use harmonica no matter how I set it up. I have a big neck and a prominent jaw so the armature does not extend as far as I think I need it to - causing the position of harmonica angle to be awkward for me. for the angle to be right it would be in my mouth ( LOL ).This is the least expensive holder I could find Nov 2013. Since it was inexpensive comparatively I will use a vice and bend it to suit me if my grand nephews don't want it.Also not sure why they don't make these wider to accommodate a larger variety of Harmonicas as it has a very strong spring action holding harmonica in place, could easily hold a much larger and longer harmonica if designed to do so. a 5 star mechanism 4 star armature design."
B000EELFTW I ordered both this one and the Lee Oskar.  I couldn't find a usable position with either and was about ready to return them both then noticed that the shoulder piece on the Hohner had &#34;raised&#34; ends.  I reversed this piece where the ends angle down instead of up and it works ok.  The quality appears good.  The springs that hold the harp in are STRONG but by holding the harp in my mouth and using both hands I can change harps without removing the rack.This was my first shoulder rack and I didn't know what to expect.  I have to have it adjusted exactly right to be able to go from harp to singing and it's challenging but I can get it done."
