If they don't make a second season I will be shocked. I absolutely loved this show! Watched it on Amazon while deployed and it made my day every time I got to see it."
SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I give the creators of this show huge kudos for last night they broke the biggest rule in super hero comics, the hero's secret identity was discovered and he was arrested.  This is absolutely unheard of in writing this kind of yarn.  Typically we watch one villain after another week after week be defeated by our super hero but he always remains in the shadows, fooling everyone into thinking he's the last person capable of acts of heroism.  We were going along that comfortable route until this episode when the creators just simply upended the whole show.  I am now absolutely fascinated to see how they are going to handle this.  I have never seen anyone attempt this before. This happened at the very end and before that it was the typical episode where he was defeating a villain who was trying to get an innocent man executed. If you have not watched this show up till now but are a comics fan, start watching it NOW!"
Stephen Amell seems like he'd be a good guy to have a beer with, but he doesn't project much of anything else on the screen. No anger, no outrage, no affection, no enthusiasm, just \"I'm a nice guy\". That's still leagues better than what everyone projects, which is angst and fecklessness. It's hard to care about any of them.A few of the story lines are pretty good, others rather stupid, even if you accept the premise of a comic book world. The screen writers apparently feel a need to end each episode with a syrupy moral lesson, each of which is forgotten by the start of the next show; it wouldn't do to have the characters change and grow.I'd be surprised if the series lasted more than the first season."
I currently like Walking Dead, Revolution, Breaking Bad, Spartacus and 24 to give you an idea. If you like those shows you will like this one!Good loocking cast, Action and some mystery regarding an Island. This is good stuff! I prefer the Cable stations movies to network tv then you get nudity more blood and realistic Action butthis has all that without the R Rating. Check it out Action fans, there is even Some Batman esque similarities here."
I have to say this is one of my favorite new shows which is saying a lot since only 2 total made the grade.  I hate all the stupid \"reality\" garbage  and demented hate filled contests that pass for entertainment now and sadly, have pretty nearly taken over every single network that exists.  I hope the CW keeps Arrow in their lineup.Up date:  Ok, every episode I think there is no way Arrow can get better than 5 stars-it does.  Ok, Amazon-you need to add  more stars because this show deserves them."
The acting is well done, the story line concise, the story is good and believable, looking forward to next show."
So very comic book camp, and yet still fun to watch. Good story lines, I like the flashbacks, which is unusual because I often find them boring."
First off Arrow's missions and the flash backs to the Island are fantastic.  The family drama is good too.  The main story line is engaging and exciting.  However, the 90210 style romance triangles are tedious and wasting time that could contain something worth watchingUpdate:  still enjoy the show but amazon's video quality is abysmal.  Find a different source"
I'm loving the show 'cause I tend to like superhero features and Amell is a nice looking superhero. I think his acting style is kind of wooden but I'm still trying to figure out if it's his acting or if his acting choice as a way to represent a PTSD individual who has been on an island for 5 years and who was tortured at some point during that time."
Ok, you all know that citan does not play it safe with his reviews.  He just goes out there and gives his opinion to anyone who may be interested.  So, I will just come out and boldly predict that this show will make it.  And it will get a second season.Straight as an arrow is how I would describe the plot.  Young man comes back from an isolated island, wiser and more mature than when he first got there.  Not only that, he has learned some pretty extreme survival skills.  He comes back to his city, vowing to set old wrongs to rights.  He systematically tracks down the predators who continue to victimize the weak and the poor.  Throw along a whole lot of drama brought on by a dysfunctional family, obscene wealth, and some intriguing mystery to add to the spice.  And what you have here is a show that might fill the vacuum left behind by Smallville.Stephen Amell plays the role of Oliver Queen, the Arrow.  Formerly a playboy who has failed at everything he has ever done right up until he gets shipwrecked off the coast of a mysterious island.  Paul Blackthorne is the policeman who wants to track down the Arrow.  Both play their parts very well.  Amell's hooded archer is certainly a different personality from the one played by Justin Hartley.  Amell's Oliver Queen comes across as a brooding, moody, and abrasive person.Surrounded by his manipulative mother, bratty little sister, and ambitious step-father, Oliver sacrifices his public image in order to hide his true identity.  Going out of his way to appear like the same immature playboy that got shipwrecked five years ago has costed him the respect of the people around him.  Methodically and systematically tracking down the bad guys on his father's list, he catches the attention of Detective Lance.  Lance sees the Arrow as some uncontrolled vigilante who needs to be apprehended.  To make his identity changing activities more challenging, Oliver is shadowed by a personal bodyguard, John Diggle, assigned to him by his mother.  At this point, we do not yet know where Diggle's loyalties are.  Nor do we know exactly what happened to Oliver on that pacific island.  For the moment, Diggle and Tommy form Oliver's entourage.  Neither of the two know of his night-time, covert activities.  Whose side will they take when do eventually find out?In any case, this show is good.  I suspect it will hang around for quite some time."
This is a series that has amazing writers and makes me look forward to purchasing the next episode on my kindle fire. The cast and crew have done a brilliant job as well."
This story was well constructed, well acted, and suspensefully written.  The hero is believeable, the action interesting, the family dynamic intriguing, and the bad guys are so bad.  It is thrilling, fun entertainment.  That is what heroes are about."
So we missed an episode on our DVR.. The streaming was just like we where watching it live well worth it."
If the pilot of a TV show doesn't blow my skirt up, it makes no sense to keep watching the program (especially if I have to pay to stream it commercial-free).I have so many superior TV programs (new and old) that I want to watch, so that means Arrow gets moved off my list.I did keep an open mind, but the storyline is old and the acting is sub-par at best.  The special effects and music are very good, but I need intellectual stimulation to go with that."
This is my favorite series but I think it is still one or two episodes to go.  The actor that plays Oliver Queen is very good.  I did not read the comic but I saw the green arrow or emeral arrow on Smallville.  I hope this series get a great review."
Impressive. Action, grit and intelligence come together in this show to make it a real viewing treat. I wasn't sure what to expect, so I'm happy to report that this show had me hooked from the get go and I burned threw the first season in about a week. I love it when that happens. Looking forward to more."
This program was a complete surprise to me. It was an survival adventure. It was Batman. It was the Green Hornet. It was beautifully photographed and professionally acted and directed. I can't wait until next season is released."
I really like this series.  the island myseteries and the cast are great.I recommend it highly.Definitely worth it!"
Great show hope they continue. Great entertainment,just fun. Need more shows like this. Best arrow yet. recommend for anybody yes."
This is a great series. Fun to watch with an interesting story line. Of course, I never read comic books so I don't know how true it is to the source material. It's just fun!"
Once every few years, a really great show comes along, and this is it! Am now re-watching the season and catching details in the plot development that I missed the first time."
this show is .. as the kids say .. awesome!  this is what and the way a superhero should be and do...take out the bad guys (hopefully without collateral damage).as another reviewer stated, this is not the \"smallville\" green arrow.  this arrow is for the people/persons that have been hurt by the establishment and they need a voice.  green arrow is giving them a voice!  as in the pilot, those class actioner were glad to see a little change in their checking accounts after the bad guy was dispatch.in the 4th show, tying the guy to the train tracks, i could not stop laughing...it was so \"feel\" good.  my only concern is that the writers do not let the dig-man give olie a conscience.  he can not become weak or too thoughtful of the feelings of the ones who should be taken down.  this would turn this into another batman serial.personally, i am not a violent person and everyone has a day in court, but, between green arrow and john reese (person of interest), the streets will be safe for all of us (ha!)"
One of the better ones to come out in a while, not overly dramatic with lots of action. Surprising from the same company that makes Vamire Diaries"
love it..its really great so far and how sexy is arrow? i think most would enjoy this show for sure"
I think I may have a new favorite show along with Grimm, this has potential to be great if the writers are good and they don't get caught in too much Politically Correctness"
This show is truly great, not only for those familiar graphic novels or comics, but for those who enjoy watching great drama and a charismatic hero.  There is a back story so we can understand the dramatic change he endured to become such a different person.  At the series has developed, he is joined by others in on his secret life and mission.  Fantastic and truly worth watching."
If you watch only John Barrowman's scenes, you are watching a very tight, very interesting, very stern characterization.Oliver Queen is insane - a serial killer - and it was amusing watching him that way for the first several episodes but the rest of the cast is tedious and it just became watching a clique of people who might not even like each other - certainly Diggle seems to hate Oliver on occasion - but are intent on driving on with this Batman/Buffy impersonation.  It starts to make the characters reprehensible for their striding insincerity.But Malcolm Merlyn's glare and fantastic delivery of his few lines are gems."
I never thought that a TV series would be made that would have such a believable character... the actors in this new show were well picked."
I really like this show. I hope that the character grows more as a person as the series continues.  Being the underdog will get tiresome after awhile."
Take some Robin Hood. Sprinkle on a little Hamlet, a touch of King Arthur and you get this bit of drivel.Here's the scoop. Ne'er do well rich kid Oliver Queen is shipwrecked on an Island for five years after the family yacht capsizes. His dad was \"lost\" in the wreck. But dad entrusted him with a notebook full of names of a lot of the wealthy folk of Starling City who used their wealth to gut the city and turn it into toilet. Oliver is rescued and vows to fulfill his dad's wishes to do the bad folk in and save the city.I'm amazed at all the high ratings this received from users. I suppose, that in this day and age, when most Americans see how corrupt their government, and big business are. And how hopeless they feel that they want to root for someone who will cut the red tape and get things done for them. This is a truly decent idea, but it's done so poorly. First off, lets look at the casting. There are almost no character faces anywhere. Nearly everyone is absurdly pretty or handsome. Then there's the writing. With the advent of shows such as \"The Killing\", \"The Bridge\" and \"Breaking Bad\" TV writing has improved exponentially over the last few years. So what happened here? Too much of this is on the level of daytime soap operas. And in the story, certain parts of the back story unfold over the episodes. This is a good thing. But there is little consistency with the characters. Each one of them does or says something mean or stupid to one of the other characters only to turn around a couple of scenes later and apologize. That gets old real quick. Oliver's sister is a great example. One minute she's sweet and understanding to her long lost brother, the next she's cutting him a new one. And this happens over and over.  Same with the directing. There are a lot of (too many)  tight head shots during the dialogue sequences. Who does that anymore?As of this writing more than 700 people have reviewed this. The only reason I'm doing so is to help balance things. I've sat through 8 episodes and the last two I struggled to finish because this just isn't that good. I do like the idea. It just needed much better handling."
With the second season hitting TV screens, now is the perfect time to catch up with \"Arrow: The Complete First Season.\" All 23 episodes and some nice special features are included in this collection. Following up in the footsteps of \"Smallville,\" this introduces viewers to another DC character. However, Green Arrow has a much darker outlook on crime fighting and a shadier past than the Man of Steel.Arrogant billionaire playboy Oliver Queen accompanies his father on a boating trip aboard their luxury yacht. After the ship sinks and everyone on board dies, he's left to fend for himself for five years on a remote island. While there, he encounters a deadly band of mercenaries setting up for an attack. He partners up with another castaway who teaches him the art of war with a bow and arrow. Upon his rescue, Oliver returns to his home with a renewed passion in life. He will rid the city of its criminal elements using his newfound skills as a vigilante archer.If you're expecting \"Smallville\" going into \"Arrow,\" you need to get that out of your head right now. It's much darker and rooted in realism. Where Clark Kent had issues with offing villains, Green Arrow doesn't think twice. He's closer to Batman than Superman in attitude, although the Dark Knight doesn't believe in killing either. That's probably why they decided to re-cast the lead character and steer as far away from the Oliver Queen and hero we saw in the sci-fi and fantasy-heavy \"Smallville.\"You won't find any meteor freaks or meta-humans in \"Arrow,\" either. The villains and other heroes Arrow runs into are all rooted in reality. Think Christopher Nolan's \"The Dark Knight\" Trilogy versus Zack Snyder's \"Man of Steel.\"\"Arrow\" takes some time building up, but the wait pays off. It's a slow-burning drama with characters the writers flesh out enough that you actually care about them. Some of those characters will be familiar to viewers who follow the comic book. We get appearances by the Huntress, Deadshot, Deathstroke, Roy rperHHarper and Laurel Lance. To comic book geeks, it's common knowledge that Harper becomes Speedy/Red Arrow/Arsenal and Lance takes on the alter ego known as Black Canary. It's treats like these that give hardcore fans a lot to smile about.\"Arrow: The Complete First Season\" is not rated. I would give it a PG-13 rating because of adult situations, violence, and language. It's a prime-time TV show on a major network, but it still dives into a some mature content children don't need to see.The show is presented in 1080p High-Definition 16x9 (1.78:1) and DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 Dolby Digital. The picture is clean and crisp, even though much of it is blanketed in darkness. The surround sound brings the streets of Starling City and the jungles of the island to vivid life.There are some exciting special features included for \"Arrow: The Complete First Season.\" Three featurettes explore what happens behind-the-scenes of the show. They're entitled \"'Arrow' Comes Alive!,\" \"'Arrow:' Fight School/Stunt School,\" and \"'Arrow:' Cast and Creative Team at the 2013 Paleyfest.\" It also contains unaired scenes and a gag reel.\"Arrow: The Complete First Season\" isn't only for comic book fans. The writers for the show do a great job establishing characters and a universe that anyone can enjoy. It's a slow-burning drama with enough action, mystery, and suspense to keep audiences coming back for more. Although it gets off to a slow start because of character development, \"Arrow\" successfully picks up and ultimately pays off with a great second and third act."
I have been a huge fan of Green Arrow from my childhood years. I love this show. I can watch it over and over. Right now, I am going to watch the first episode and the next one. That is how much I love this show."
This series blowws Smallville out the water. A very good series that has a good backstory with flashbacks. Action is off the hook. Never a big fan of Green Arrow but this is how you do a superhero series.  The transformation of Oliver Queen rich playboy into the vilgilante called the Hood.  Smallville went on too long and Heroes dropped the ball  and jumped the shark. This show has good pacing to start. If you like superhero shows and read the Green Arrow comics you will like this"
I purchased the first season of this series from Amazon based on a recommendation.  Having never heard of it, I didn't have very high expectations - but I've been very surprised by the quality of this series.  If you like the super hero type show, then you'll almost certainly like this.  The plot is good - somewhat &#34;dark&#34; like Batman, though not quite that dark.  The acting is also pretty good.  The episodes have good cliffhangers - you'll always want to watch the next one.  Having read a lot of comic books as a kid, I found I was often thinking about the images and dialog in the comics while watching this (which is a good thing - it felt real while still being true to the spirit of those comics).Parental notes:* They did a good job with keeping the violence to the non-gory type - but there is still a lot of violence and death in this series.* The sexual content isn't explicit but it does condone a promiscuous sexuality that parents should be aware of before giving this to children to watch."
The series seems to have stopped or something, it is good for what it is do not take more into it."
I like this show but it is few and far between with the unexpected plot twists.  Some of the plot lines are being stretched out to long and others receive too little attention.  Biggles is a great character but  receives almost no time on the screen."
Can't get enough of this show, it's awesome!!! The characters, the story line, it gets better and better the more it gets into the complicated details of the undertaking of the city. Don't miss out..."
Thougt it would be a another series that tried to use green arrow and not succeed .But I was surprised at how good it actually turned out."
I was very surprised at how well I liked this show.  They have very magnetic characters that are easy to get attached to."
Arrow is very entertaining and I look forward to each episode. Many, many moons ago, I was hooked on the Green Arrow comics and this is a winner for following the comic book style and action. The stunts are truly excellent and the star does many of his own. . . Amell is totally believable in this series! When you see him work out and do the stunts, it is impressive! WOW! The production crew is seasoned and has some excellent credentials with roots in Smallville, Supernatural etc.  I do not watch much television anymore, but this series totally puts action and some light drama back into my schedule! Way better than work!"
Everything you could ever want to find in a super hero story. Really, every single thing. Every plot twist you ever loved will at some point show up if it hasn't already. Nearly every person the hero has met returns as a nemesis or as another hero (and half of them were believed dead.) Everyone has a dramatic secret, and everyone knows karate. So fight scenes are frequent, as are dramatic declarations of love/hate/revenge, and shocking reveals of identity. Every episode is just stuffed full of... everything! Have fun!"
This is a must watch tv show of all time. If you like action then you will love this tv show. Just watch the first episode and you will know how awesome is this tv show."
Have watched the first 16 episodes and have enjoyed them, this can be a really good series, but it is definetly not worth $51.00 for Season 1. Get it down to $30.00 or less and they could sell a whole lot more, actually I'll wait until Season 2 is about to be released and get Season 1 for $19.95 or less."
This is a fun show.  It's got just enough suspense to keep you wondering what will happen next with the characters.  It also deals well with moral dilemmas that the characters face.  The fighting scenes are choreographed well.  My husband has become the biggest fan in the house.  If he had rated this, he would have given it a 5 star plus."
He kills too many people. and the arrow thing is great , buta stretch  sometimes. some more cleaver plots Stealth stuff, gadgets.Ladies are beautiful!"
At first I was skeptical about another superhero series, but it really rocks! Right from the beginning the story is engaging and I was hooked.  If you like action and a dark hero, you will like this show."
I chose to give this 4 stars because I like the originality of this show. I also like the intricate relationships. Best new show this year."
The story line has been exciting & thrilling, taking the audience on a heart stopping ride at the end. Hated to lose Tommy though. Love Felicity. I think Ollie & Laurel are never going to be on the same page, but Felicity & Ollie I hope get together."
As with any comic book show or movie, you know exactly what you're getting with every episode.  It is full of cliches like damsels in distress, starcrossed lovers, and conflicted bad boys who are actually good.  However, the modern twist on a Robin Hood theme is satisfying and the back story about the island and powerful people who control it is intriguing."
i have enjoyed it very much and I am looking forward to more seasons of Arrow, please continue adding more scene of this series I can't wait to buy them."
Arrow is a surprisingly great show and apparently a real winner for the struggling CW. Yes, it's another hero show, but this one has a secret weapon I did not see coming - the hero is played by a relative newcomer (having had parts in Private Practice, Heartland, Hung and Vampire Diaries) Stephen Amell. Beautifully playing Oliver Queen, son of a very rich but underhanded father who dies in his arms after their yacht sank in a terrible storm leaving him the only one alive on a mysterious island somewhere off the grid. The fact that he is also easy on the eyes (translated also a beautiful guy!) makes this show fun for us girls, too!Before his father died, he made Oliver promise to right all of the wrongs he made when evidently greed trumped compassion in the building of the Queen empire. While Oliver lands on the island a spoiled rotten rich kid who has led a life of decadent consumption, the mysteries begin unraveling quickly for him. He must survive on his own, learning to do things he never dreamed he would have to do. Enter a mysterious Chinese man who, up to the most recent episode, pops into his life, saving him from a very dark encounter with a very dangerous group of men we still haven't been told of their origin.We can only assume, up until now, that everything that happened to Oliver on that island for five years, taught him how to appear and disappear, shoot an arrow so deftly, it defies reality, and has honed his body into a sort of killing machine.He comes home, much to the delight of his mother and sister who had thought him dead, and quickly but secretly sets up shop in an abandoned Queen-owned warehouse and sets about fulfilling the promise he made to his father on the life raft before he died. Now the story is set up for him to assume the role of a vigilante he becomes known as Arrow.Arrow is a fun show, more intelligent than many like it, with great characters we like to love, the ever intriguing secret identity, the loyal sidekick, John, the beginnings of the requisite unrequited love story, and great weekly stories we can look forward to.Most of us have too much to do and not enough time to do it all in, so we have to be picky about which shows to invest time in. I say WATCH THIS ONE! Fun enough to keep you interested, intelligent enough to not feel too guilty about and a handsome cast - something for everybody. Also, popular enough that CW has already picked up a full season with good reason to believe more years to come. A definite winner all the way around. ARROW - CATCH UP HERE ON AMAZON, then look forward to new shows on CW each week. Enjoy!"
This show is a little different from most  of your shows. Perhaps that is what is the attraction for it. I enjoy it very much."
...but it is just ok... at least the episodes I've seen so far.  The story line is a good one... just too unrealistic.  Surviving and Coming home after thought to have died w/his father at sea, the main character vows to right wrongs.... his and any other bad guy doing dirty business.....  This could work w/out the costume, camo face paint and bow and arrow... and probably be more believable at that....  We'll see....  I still have more episodes to watch."
Green Arrow weekly show....... I enjoy watching this show each episode. A bit corny at times, but then again most hero flics like this do tend to be a bit on the corny side at times. Other than that, the plot is good, the actors are sexy and can actually act, and the over-all sense of the show feels good to watch. :D I love it!!"
This has been a sure delight for me.  I began very dubious as to it's ability to pull of a believable character & plot from episode to episode.  They're doing it..  I'm loving it!!"
This show gets better with each new episode. Who knew that being alive in a courtroom was not enough to declare you undead. Oliver Quinn also had to relive his nightmare for a courtroom of strangers while his family looked on. The crook of the week decides to use China White to put down the Arrow and sent assassins to kill Laurel first, then her police chief dad. Lucky for Laurel, Quinn and Dig were there to save her. China White proves she can go toe to toe with Arrow, and another corrupted businessman is crossed of the Arrow's revenge list. As in the pilot episode, the mother meets with someone (who is off screen this time) to discuss her son. What do you wanna bet that was John Barrowman?"
Great Show. Love the characters and the story line. Wish the episodes were longer. Cannot wait for the next episode."
I am so glad there is a great superhero show that is compelling and not fluffy, even though it's on one of the most one dimensional networks out there. Stephen Amell is a fantastic choice for Green Arrow. And the supporting cast is very nice too.  I also like that there is more than one person of color in the main cast.  The networks still have a problem with this.  But that is besides the point.  Green Arrow, great show!!!"
Really!. A guy flits around town and shoots people with a bow and arrow, wears a hoodie and make up? This is entertaining and violent enough to keep me entertained. Frankly I would have shot more folks. I think the hero is softening up.Maybe we can have a reality spin off called the, The Green Cupid&#34; where a guy goes around shooting couples and we wait to see if the fall in love  while they heal?"
I love this story, and am angry that my cable in this area doesn't have the CW network. They have no idea what quality TV really is!"
It is a wonderful season it helped me get into the 2nd season that just started.  Once I saw the 1st show on season 2 I knew I had to buy the 1st to catch up. LJBrown"
I loved  season one and the packaging was great! I only purchase series seen and liked. If any one asks for  my imput I would recommend this series. Looking forward to season two."
Short and simple. Great show.  One star off for the Laurel character. I think the producers of \"The Vampire Diaries\" and \"Arrow\" are smoking the reverse-harem weed. I am not a fan of 2-guys-after-one-girl. I didn't like it in the \"Twilight\" series and still don't like it now. I prefer him to have his own love interest, for example the IT girl from his company. Laurel is just a player and irks me with her constant holier-than-thou attitude."
The actors are attractive and wooden. Good series for adolescents who are more into clothes, cars, gadgets, and romance, with a now-and-then bloody fight to break the monotony. As to &#34;Arrow&#34; himself: I am reminded of a review of Talullah Bankhead in Cleopatra: &#34;She displayed the gamut of emotion from A to B.&#34;"
DC they have taken your superhero out of content. They have turned him into a soap opera but I like it. It is different espcially all the flasbacks of Green Arrow's origin. Oliver Queen where have you gone a world opens its arms to you. Bullseye."
Best show ever, after Burn Notice can't have enough of it. Season 2 here I come, thanks to Amazon instant!"
I think the show has alot of potential.  The first episodes  caught my attention quickly.  Hoping the rest of them are just as good.  Like shows made from comic books."
Unlike the Green Arrow in \"Smallville\" this one will kill the bad guys. I never liked the comic book Green Arrow but this one I do enjoy watching as long as they don't start watering it down."
I missed this on tv, so I bought it off amazon live. It's a good early episode in this hit show. The only complaint I have is that the show doesn't have any customed villians. Well one that is on the island. But the green arrow is only as good as his villians and he needs more radical villians. And the press would have dubbed this guy the arrow or green arrow, not the vigilante. That's what they do. Minor faults in a great show though. This is a well acted show too. Top notch."
I was one that did not have high expectations for the series, but am very impressed at how it has turned out so far.  The character (a
I really loved this movie. It is really great, and action packed.  I can't wait to buy the second season."
I have Hulu but it didn't have the beginning of this show and I wanted to start from the beginning... so I reluctantly paid for the first few episodes and now am TOTALLY hooked! I knew I'd like the show but it is interesting and I usually don't like DC vs. Marvel as much, w/the made up cities and more depressing primary characters but this show is fun and interesting. I look forward to it every week!"
&#34;Arrow&#34; struck me as sort of a modern-day &#34;Robin Hood.&#34; Although I have only seen the first episode, that made me want to see the rest of the season. The main character's being stranded on an isolated island forced him to sharpen his instincts and skills to survive those five years. I'll have to watch further episodes to see if the series continues to be fairly believable."
..Or change the outfit to purple and call it Hawkeye for Marvel comic fans.  The show is okay, but not as good as I had hoped and certainly not original concept or storylines at all."
It's a comic! Yes it is.There are two hunky, built guys who team up to be the hero(s). There are impossible gadgets and unbelievable skills/talents. There is black and white and grey all over the place, the #1 hero is also an anti-hero, if you like that.It is very like Batman, a billionaire playboy faking it, hiding who he really is after surviving a life threatening/transformative experience, a girl who has looks, is fighting for the down trodden and helpless, and is too good to be true, who the hero is in love with but must hold at a distance.Unfortunately it is exhausting, too. Because it is a comic book and that means manic and frantic.The characters are for the most part one dimensional, always knowing the best for each other, where most conversations are verbal combat, and those who know nothing of the truth think they know best. Self-righteousness abounds.But if you can suspend reality, if you want some mindless fun, and something to root for without thinking too hard. A flashback to 1950's view of justice.... This is the show for you. Just don't look too deep. Or expect too much fine entertainment. It is just supposed to be gruesome, over the top, pontificating fun. And it pretty much succeeds. If that is not enough...just look at all the pretty people!"
After the success of Smallville, live action incarnations of comic book stories have gotten a major boost for the television medium.  Probably the most popular spinoff is the series Arrow, which tells the life of the Green Arrow, Oliver Queen.  The show is now it is second season at the time of this review's writing.  The first season was a hit, with lots of action, suspense, drama, and several intertwined romances going on.  The cast, like that of Smallville, is filled predominantly of little known actors and actresses, all of whom are good-looking.  Many of the heroes and heroines featured in Smallville are also present in this show, though played by different people of course.For those not familiar with the story of the Green Arrow, this show presents it very similar to that of Batman; playboy son who undergoes life-changing trauma that makes him a better man, who then dons an alternate personality as a night-time vigilante who fights crime.  In this case, it is predominantly white-collar crime, whereas Batman fought blue-collar crime and organized crime.  Also, there are much fewer gadgets here than in Batman, and no fancy vehicles.  Instead we get more dialogue and complicated relationships, making this the soap opera of comic book shows.  Overall, a good show."
I really enjoyed this first season with the Arrow closely paralling the old &#34;Green Arrow&#34;.  It is well filmed and the cast all play their parts excellently.  You are constantly kept guessing as to what will happen and just when you think you have it, a new twist is revealed.  Looking forward to Season 2."
Once again I found a outstanding show. Once again I bought the episodes until I caught up with it on TV. The show you never know what is going to happen next. I love watching them arrows and what he does with them. He came along way from being lost but he is doing what needs to be done. I hope they don't cancel this show like they always do with the good stuff. You got to watch it too see what I am talking about. I believe it was worth every dime to catch up with it on TV."
A guy gets back from 5 years stranded on an island, and he says to his sister, \"you were there the whole time?\" Don't wait until the 7th episode to figure out this is a dumb chick-flick. Crappy acting, cookie-cutter cliches and nonsensical plot."
I had been wanting to watch this show since I saw info about it at last years ComicCon. When I saw that I could order it on Amazon streaming I did, I think I watched season 1 3 times back to back. This is my new standard for TV shows. It's so good i can't believe it's not on SyFy. Whoever did the casting for this show should win an award! Stephen Amell is a brilliant actor! He does not just read a script he acts with his whole body, his facial and eye expressions are remarkable, as are Emily Bett Richards!!"
Arrow - The First Season  [548 2014-06-20]Summary:Oliver Queen - rich playboy - is ship wrecked then marooned for five years on a remote island. He returns home with a crime fighting agenda using the disguise of a hooded archer. His purpose is not clearly defined, something about bringing to justice individuals on a list of urban exploiters from a notebook handed to him by his father - just before he blew his brains out. Needless to say Oliver gets some push back from the local authorities, the underworld bosses, his mother and his pals.The creative team for \"Arrow\" had to somehow integrate a comic hero - The Green Arrow - and a contemporary action TV series utilizing, of course, real actors. How well this concept has been successful is a judgment left to the individual viewers, but as of the date of these comments the show has been renewed for a third season. As they say vox populi vox Dei.Content:The Season One package consists of 5 disks and 20 episodes originally show on the CW Network during the period October 2012 through May 2013. Also included are several special features on disk 5 that I founding modestly interesting.Positive Comments: Many episodes include deleted scenes, which are not to be missed. Some are quite lengthy and are interesting and informative concerning that particular episode. The deleted scenes are identified with an icon next to the episode titles - a helpful viewers aid. Season One developed a few reoccurring themes which added to the interest of the show as the episodes were viewed. Each episode tackles two plot lines: one detailing Oliver's misadventures on the Island during his 5-year involuntary vacation and that episodes justice seeking adventures. The action sequences are quite intensely interesting. One of the season 1 features informs us the Olive has no \"super-hero\" talents but damned if I could tell how a human being could survive some of the jams he falls into. I watched the DVD in sequence and with the deleted scenes and the few extras \"special feature' found it was worth the purchase price.The Cast: Steven Amell as Oliver Queen is more that adequate for the demanding emotional and physical role he is cast in. David Ramsey as John Diggle Oliver's sidekick is a plus.Negative Comments: Each episode uses the identical \"canned\" introduction - I wish there was a way to skip over this redundant intro. There are a number of important plot events placed in motion in season 1. If you miss several shows you may by scratching your noggin asking what's this all about. Not the show you can skip and come back too. I found it hilarious that all the young ladies and men in this show were just knockout beautiful and handsome - and, oh yes, dressed to the nines - just unbelievable.Recommendations:To be honest this show is mindless viewing candy. I found it entertaining but refrained from trying to look for any kind of plot logic to the drama. Just enjoy the nice looking people, convoluted story line and wild action sequences."
I had this on the shelf, buying it for $9.99 on some Black Friday special. I finally ran out of other stuff to watch, so started this series. From the descriptions, I didn't have high hopes, but I am most of the way through this season and I am very pleased to say that it is very well done.Update:Finished the season and am anxiously waiting for the next season to become available on DVD. I am pleasantly surprised at how good this show is.And a note on value:Season 1 has 23 episodes, with a running time listed as 989 minutes, or 43 minutes per episode. I was lucky to pick this up on Black Friday for $9.99. That comes out to about 1 penny per minute, probably about the best value available via DVD.I appreciate the 23-episode season, which used to be common, but now 10-15 episode seasons have become common on so many cable networks. It is frustrating to wait a year for a release and then get through an entire \"season\" in just a couple days."
This one has to be the best super hero adaptation since Smallville.  It follows the mythology of the original somewhat.  However I'm fascinated by the obsession this character has.  Much like a certain Dark Knight we are familiar with.  After being stranded on a desert island, he comes back to civilization.  The main character's deceased father left a list of names. His only living son must track down and eliminate them to save his father's company and his legacy.  Little did his father know that the people that worked for him were all in organized crime.  Not only do I like this show, I plan to buy the DVD when it is out.  I can only hope that this one lasts half as long as smallville."
The Green Arrow was never like this in the DC comics, at least from what I remember.  Dark, broody, rich, vengeful, all make for a great story, presented well."
I love the lore being done here, i hope to see him evolve into the green arrow super hero that we all know"
Reminds me of a spin off of Batman or something but has two great story lines - one of his maturation and change on the mystery island and then of his activities when he returns home.  I watch these episodes several times - they are great fun."
Another show where good is pitted against evil.  In this case the big corporation heads who have only personal agendas with no compassion for their underlings.  Main character well cast and sexy to a fault without being super good looking.  Different from anything else on the tube.  Highly recommended."
Being a longtime of fan of comic book super heroes and greatly enjoyed the series Smallville I knew that after watching a few episodes of this series it was a must have.  The series seems to try and keep the darker undertone aspects that we saw with the Dark Knight movie trilogy while not too dark as to push away younger audiences.  It's nice to see the background story of Oliver as he turns from rich apathetic and over indulgent playboy to a serious and honorable man looking to correct the mistakes he and his family have done.  The series also introduces a few iconic DC characters into the show as well of course a few love interest for our young hero.If you already have the Smallville series this is a great addition to add to your library and hopefully we'll see a pretty long run for the series.  Just waiting for the new Constantine and Flash series to come out later this year too."
Arrow: The Complete First Season - I like think that Stephen Amell is great as the Arrow. It was to bad that in season one that his best friend is killed offed. But over all it as been a great show, and well worth the money."
Show is great although there are a few notable weak episodes particularly with Vertigo and some cheesy lines throughout. The action is awesome and Arnell is awesome as Oliver with the flashbacks to the island being the highlight in my opinion."
I thoroughly enjoy watching this series ARROW.  The tie in with Oliver's pastand present is very intriguing.  I just had to buy the whole first seasonbecause I now watch every new episode on TV.  Fast paced, anda delight to follow!"
The show was a little slow starting the season off,but by the end really had me hooked.  I can't wait to see what happens in the next season.  This Green Arrow is far different than what was portrayed in Smallville, which is a good thing.  I did like the Smallville version, but this is its own show making its own path, and if the audience and network give it a chance, I can see a long running of the series.  So far, the villains are regular villains, not superpowered for the most part (although there are some highly skilled opponents of course).  I know very little about the comic book version so I don't know how long time fans of his will feel, but I definitely recommend this show."
love this super hero series. lots of surprising thing that come up. you think you have it figured out and BAM, you had no clue !!! hope this series continues. love the the star of the show and his guard that works with him. i guess guard is the wrong term. think if you love super hero's GET THIS YOU WON'T BE SORRY !!!!!!"
It's evident that Time Warner/DC Entertainment/DC Comics are following one rule regarding their heroes--The Trinity (Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman) are big-screen projects; the lesser-known heroes and/or storylines are for television.  That does not mean that the lesser-known heroes will get short shrift on the smaller screen--in fact, it has allowed DC Entertainment a certain amount of artistic freedom with the TV projects.This has been the case with &#34;Arrow&#34;.  When the CW announced in late 2011/early 2012 that this project was going forward, many--the fans of &#34;Smallville&#34;--wanted Justin Hartley, who had played Oliver Queen well in that reimaging of the Clark Kent legend--to be brought back for this series.But what showrunner Greg Berlanti was putting together with this project was far different in terms of image and complications within the story.  Hartley fit as Oliver within the &#34;Smallville&#34; universe, but Berlanti's vision and story...required someone different.  The complaints about Stephen Amell flew fast and loose before the series.Of course, Amell killed all complaints about twenty minutes into the pilot episode.  Women swooned over Stephen's blue eyes and the most ridiculous set of abs on network television, and the men had to give Stephen his props after his first action sequence, the stunning fight/parkour sequence.For those who have followed the Oliver Queen story...the core of the story--Ollie being lost on an island and becoming proficient with bow and arrow--is kept intact, for the most part.  But the core origin is the ignition of the larger story--the circumstances of the sinking of The Queen's Gambit, and with Oliver's return to Starling City, his mission to save the city from the corruption that led to his father's death (Along with Ollie being stranded).  This story is complicated by a group of characters--many of whom we're familiar with from the DC Universe--being slightly &#34;shifted&#34;.  We know, because of the comic storyline, who they're &#34;supposed&#34; to be; but Berlanti moved them slightly off-kilter throughout the first season.  Sometimes the moves seemed haphazard, but for the most part the moves worked.  In this storyline, we're left with a situation of not knowing who to trust--clearly and early on, we're not certain at all of the motivation's of Oliver's mother, Moira.  Nor are we certain of the motivations of Oliver's best friend, Tommy Merlyn; especially when it comes to Queen's former girlfriend, Dinah Laurel Lance.  For that matter, we can never be certain where Ollie and Laurel stand with each other through much of the first season, since Ollie took Laurel's little sister onto the Queen's Gambit, and she was lost when the boat went down.The whole of the Season One storyline plays almost as a Shakespearean tale--there's the action, and the introduction of the names and antagonists known to DC readers, though not in familiar situations; but they're all being applied in a tale of secrets and double-crosses, with larger scale plans being played out through the season.The one interesting addition I found in the first season--which will obviously be a part of this series through it's run--is Berlanti's co-opting of the great ABC series &#34;LOST&#34; by using Oliver's time on &#34;The Island&#34; as a touchstone to his modern-day story; how the skills, talents and lessons he learned marooned for five years are applied to his present-day activities while that part of the series has it's own tale to be told.The performances a
I like the content of the series and the story line.  I think the action it adequate and not extremely violent.  I find that netflix delivers the content in better quality with no pauses and interruptions though.  I would wish that were corrected.  Overall  I like the series and would recommend it."
This is a great series. It doesnt have the camp like Smallville. But a serious look at a serious hero. You see his flaws and his strengths. Each choice doesnt always take him in the direction he wants or needs. Just adds to the story as it grows. Just awesome!!"
I am a big fan of action adventure so yes I like this show, way cool. Look forward to seeing more of it."
I am really enjoying this new &#34;Super Hero&#34; type show, he doesn't have super hero strength or powers, just really trained well, kind of a cross between Batman and Robinhood.  A wealthy Socialite that gets stranded on an island for 5 years, he is helped and trained by a man who is imprisoned on the island.  After being rescued, he goes home and tries to start cleaning up the streets of his town, per a list his father has left him.  This list is of corrupt businessmen who are &#34;ruining&#34; the city.  There's a bit of romatic tension, lots of action and battle."
This one is what i expected of green arrow.  Though so far im hoping for more change and developement in the character.  I liked smallville how the character developed.  Though so far its doesnt have too much development toward the character.  So I gave it a 4 star.  Hoping the character developes a bit more as the story goes otherwise the story goes stagnet.  Where its a numerous stories but no change to the character starts to bore me."
Firstly, I watch this show on Hulu, not Amazon, and if I had to pay for it, I wouldn't watch it.  The writing's ok, the story's ok, but some of the delivery is pretty cheesy, especially by the main character.I don't watch it for him, tho, but for Paul Blackthorne.  He's got a too-small part as the lead police detective hunting \"the vigilante.\"  I'm hoping that one of these days one of his shows will stick around!  I loved him in the \"Dresden Files\" show on the SciFi channel (before it became \"Syfy\" whatever THAT means), and have tried to catch whatever shows he's landed on since then.  None have been as good, IMHO, (tho \"The River\" was quite interesting) and none made it big, but one still hopes...I do also like the main bad dude, who used to play Captain Jack on \"Dr. Who\" & \"Torchwood,\" and interestingly, in the most recent episode, *spoilers* there was a new character with another Whovian.  Can't wait to see how that develops!  :)"
What happens to a millionaire playboy stranded on a remote island for five years?  Ben Gunn from Treasure Island was completely mad in a little over two, Chuck Noland in Cast Away developed a profound relationship with a volleyball in three and Gilligan did almost everything imaginable in less than four.  But five years of playing survivor, throw in some dangerous adversaries and even torture and you just might get a superhero.During his time on the island Oliver Queen had only one article from his past life: a ledger of his father's pointing to a family legacy built on corruption and exploitation which provides the driving force for survival as he feels an obligation to rectify the wrongs he believes his family has perpetrated on the citizens of Starling City.  Oliver has also learned to hold on to the memories dearest to him in order to survive but after rescue from the living nightmare in episode one, he returns to find that the family he idealized has moved on; his mother has remarried and the attitude that his baby sister now possesses could probably be best described as ambivalence.  His mother unknowingly hires a bodyguard for her less than helpless son that ends up quitting when he discovers the secret identity of his charge.  But the ethical nature of this character provides a counter to Oliver's single-minded pursuit of justice as he later convinces him to assist in the logistics of his mission although I believe he needs him more as a conscience and a compass to what should be done as opposed to what the Green Arrow is capable of.At times this series may digress a bit towards inter-personal drama but it's buoyed by action and to be completely honest that's what keeps me coming back to this show.  Anyone can do well-choreographed fight scenes but in this case it's all about filming in such a way as to maintain a certain level of believability as well as making the viewer actually \"feel\" the action.  Additionally, the violence is subtle and tastefully done; how many shows can say that? At the writing of this review I'm still not very impressed with any of the female characters but it's still early and there's lots of potential and I'm sure they will continue to introduce new heroes and villains.  Speaking of which, the addition of the character that will eventually become the Huntress provides a sort of polemic to the heroic vigilantism of the Green Arrow as he demonstrates respect for the inherent value of human life while the latter is motivated by end justifying the means.I just wish the critics would stop comparing this excellent television series with prolly one of the most exceptional super-hero film series currently around (i.e. Batman).  As another member of the DC superhero universe, of course there's gonna be similarities in some of their characters... get over it.  I suppose if you can't then just keep watching those films over and over again but for all of us lovers of creative/fantasy/super-hero, television-entertainment.... there's Arrow.  :o)"
The background flash backs are great, but i fear they may not be enough to save the show. There needs to be more in the show present time than relying on background flash backs!"
Good storyline which keeps evolving.  It will be interesting to see where the storyline will go now that his identity is known to others."
Fun, enjoyable, nice plot evolution, but there is no way for the show to escape being cheesy.  No lawyer nontheless one working in a low income clinic wears 4 inch heels. Come on! On the other hand, I have to admit, I turn this show on in no small measure becasue of Arrow and his mahvelous physique. But he is supposed to be fit. A hard working attorney is not likely to wear a size 2 dress and 4 inch heels."
Based on first episode, I was not sure whether I would like this show or even bother to continue watching.  I really liked the way  Green Arrow was written in Smallville and the way Justin Hartley played it, so it was a bit of an adjustment to accept this different version.  Having watched several now, I plan stick with the series.  Story starts off slow, but they are now building the back story and character development very well.  Stephen Amell as the lead was a good choice for the tone of the show and direction they seem to be taking the story.  Another plus for the show... the actors Paul Blackstone and John Barrowman.  Both of these actors have been in other scifi or fantasy genre shows and are doing great with their characters in Arrow."
to watch this because I hate football. It's got little to do with football and everything to do with how conniving, nasty and underhanded friends will be to each other in the face of competitive situations. It's truly delightful and always entertaining. I will buy every season. That is all."
One of my favorite comedies of all time. I would highly recommend. Every season gets better and better. Hopefully there is a 5th season."
More of the funny sociopathic comedy that is The League. Rafi gets better every single season. Definitely worth a watch."
One of the funniest shows ever. I watch it over and over.. .the characters are real and the comedy so low brow it is fantastic."
I think I just watched all of the episodes in 1 week.  Unique characters and very funny story line.  great show!!!"
fun to watch, good cast. one more season to go to get caught up.  I will do it before September"
This season is OK.....not as funny as the last. I am a HUGE the league fan. But, this one falls very short from the last 3 seasons. They are not nearly as funny as the prior ones. Save your money."
I love the League. That being said, this show will never be as good as it was in seasons 1 and 2 but it's still funny. Season 4 still has a lot to offer to any fan of the show."
The concept of show is so funny. Never thought they could make fantasy football as funny. The characters are amazing, and it never amazes what they put their friends through."
As a major fantasy football fan, its great to have a show that ages like wine; getting better every season!!!  A+++"
It is a great season and to watch the characters evolve over the years has been fun.  Amazon Prime makes it easy to catch-up on shows that you may have missed for whatever reason.Randy"
If your a sensitive person, probably don't wanna watch this. I laugh every episode. It can get a little raunchy, so be warned."
Very funny and nice to watch with your own Fantasy Football Fan.  This season does not disappoint.  The character's are funny with great guest stars."
If you love murder, suspense, romance, sci fi, and mystery then this show is for you.  Can't wait for more new episodes to come out!  Also both the main guy and main girl are HOT!"
Love the show! Seven  episodes I thought were kinda slow.8th episode was the turning point.A lot of things happened after that.We the fans are hoping for a second season.Hope this will come out on DVD coz I will buy it."
A whole new spin on crime shows. Entertaining for teenagers and adults! This show is like Supernatural meets Criminal Minds."
Saw the pilot and hooked ever since, I found myself secretly smiling everytime I think of this pair, they are so cute together, Jay Ryan is my new obsession, Please CW pick them up for season 2 please...pretty please :)"
This show is a take on the old 80s show Beauty and the Beast.  While I find the show entertaining, I will admit that there are things about it that are a little cheesy."
So here we have another series where a skinny model is able to whack around a bunch of guys much bigger than her. Come on. It's hard enough accepting the premise that every cop in the precinct--male or female--is drop-dead gorgeous, but that some chick weighing no more than a fistful of feathers can be sucker-punched by someone she has no reason to suspect, right out of the blue, and come back like Bruce Lee calls for way to much belief-suspension. I might give it a couple more views, but if the pilot is the best they can do, then I'll pass on the rest."
Really terrific adaptation of a fairy tale, full of action and angst, romantic with strong chemistry between the co- stars. JT is a welcome character, supplying sarcasm, humor, and his expertise."
The idea behind this show is a sound one and interesting. The only hitch is, that everyone is the same age, which is rather annoying and boring. It needs a bit more diversity."
I avoided watching this for a while.  I finally decided to watch and once I started I quickly feel in love with this series"
I wasn't sure whether I would like this show.  I loved the original version of Beauty and the Beast but was willing to give this version a try.  I liked the first episode well enough to give it another couple of episodes before I decided one way or the other if I truly liked it.  So, long story short-this is the 17th episode and I am still watching it, love the characters and am giving it 5 stars.  I hope it gets picked up for a second season and I will be buying every episode of the second season plus the dvd for this season regardless of whether cwtv continues it or not.  I am hoping they continue it."
This plot is predictable, but these writers and actors are doing a good job of bringing it to life.  We always want to see the triumph of principle over greed and avarice, and in these two characters, they are accomplishing that without contrivance and with good heart.  it is enjoyable and I will keep coming back for more."
All I can say is that this show was extremely boring. It was too much like Dark Angel. When you think of Beauty and the Beast, you think of a beast, not some governmental experiment gone wrong."
At first, I wasn't sure about this show.  I was never a fan of the 80s Beauty and the Beast because I just didn't go for the man in the lion suit look.  This premise seems more plausible.  I enjoy Kristin Kreuk. I don't know the actor who plays the beast, he doesn't seem to have well honed acting chops, but he's getting better."
The season starts off pretty good but gets bogged down in several places.  The &#34;evil bad guys&#34; are more distracting and overly powerful it seems.  The love story does not really get going until almost 15+ episodes into the season.  I hope it makes the cut and next season we can see a group of people besides just Vincent taking on Mearfield &#60;sp&#62;"
I have to admit from the outset that I fell in love with the original series and still am.  When I heard that there was going to be a redo of the show, I couldn't image the ability of creating the kind of 'romantic magic'  that made the original series so special.  This show is not a repeat and only the names have been carried on.  With this series Catherine is an NYPD detective and Vincent is a former doctor whose genes have been altered by the military to create the super soldier in a failed program.  The focus or subtext of the new show is dealing with Vincent being in danger by the government, whereas the originally series focused on those living underneath the city, victims of the Reagan era.  The original was a sly critique of that period in time.  Now, the possible problem with this show is that with Catherine not a police detective rather than an ADA, they show has to be particularly sensitive to episodes when she will need Vincent's help.  She can't really be a victim here since she made it to detective, etc.  Anyway, I do recommend it and advise patience to see whether the network will allow this show to grow and develop."
I ordered an episode I'd missed due to a power outage, thank goodness for love instant video. I hope the show last for a while."
This is an ok series.  Always interesting, however, there is just too much of the &#34;how are you feeling&#34;, &#34;I want to tell you how this feels&#34;, &#34;You have to stay away from me&#34;, &#34;I'm no good for you&#34;, &#34;I didn't mean to betray your trust, please forgive me&#34;, &#34;You can always trust me&#34;, in every episode.  Can't they just get on with the story lines and do something?  I mean this is supposed to be a mystery/fantasy series.  Come on, can't they focus on the detective stuff and just kind of bring in the beast thing every now and then, you know like it isn't necessarily a curse that he's the beast.  It usually turns out to be a good thing.  All this blather about feeling and stuff is just stretching the show to fill an hour with nonsense.  Let's show what that actress can really do.  She's beautiful and she's smart and she grabs hold of your attention.  The beast guy looks like every guy from Magic Mike."
This show is amazing, the title sometimes keeps people most probably from enjoying it but when you look deep into what's happening with all these government experiments it keeps you on the edge of your seat."
This is a terrific series. All the actors play off of one another so well. You have a little of everything true love, passion, true friendships, The lead characters have such a strong soul mate connection and the passion seems real. Boy what a series - enjoy."
This remake is a lot more believe able than the first one!  The characters are great!  Each actor does a really good job!  Vincent is very believe able in this show!  The feds are also believe able as being a secret government agency hiding something.  I recommend this for people 13 and older!"
That this show isn't really very good!NO SPOILERS:Let us start with Fiona, ah Kristin Kreuk, who may be best known by her supporting role as Scotty's unfaithful girlfriend in the movie \"Eurotrip\" (and music video featuring Matt Damon).  Fiona, AKA Kristin (I promise to get it right before the end of this review) AKA \"The Beauty\" plays Detective Catherine Chandler (Ivy League educated and studying for the Bar when her mother was killed)Jay Ryan AKA \"The Beast\" plays Vincent Keller, a doctor by trade that volunteered to go to Afghanistan and participate in an experiment that caused him to become \"The Beast\".  When the government decided to \"cancel\" the experiment, Vincent went underground both looking for a cure with the help of his Chemistry Professor friend J.T. (played by Austin Basis) and in his spare time helping people in trouble with his great strength and extraordinary sense of smellNina Lisandrello (Tess) adds some ethnicity and alternative \"hotness\", as Catherine's partnerMax Brown (Evan) is the obligatory good looking Forensic Specialist (with an English accent)So what is wrong with the show?Dude, I would take the scar and trade places with \"The Beast\" in a heartbeat!  The fact that Catherine is developing feelings for Vincent, simply isn't the stretch that the writers should have been looking for.  I mean Vincent in monster mode is still better than the guy that dumped her in the opening creditsKreuk has some mad fighting skills for a police detective, however, throughout the entire program I was hoping for a short skirt, lingerie scene or a slide show from her last beach vacation.  I couldn't even remember the case that they were working on.I understand that the series opened to good numbers (not as good as \"Arrow\") and works well back-to-back with \"Vampire Diaries\".  I just don't see \"it\".  Might be worth keeping on your DVR and watching during the holiday hiatus."
Enjoyable show with interesting story-line and good acting. It's a thriller, drama and romance all rolled into one- love it"
I enjoy the series a great deal. It has a great mixture of mystery, suspense, and romance. Great show to watch."
Great Twist. Cat is awesome as well as Vincent. Cannot wait until the next episode. Wish they were longer. Good action."
I like the story, and the people. The monster part is even somewhat believable. I would like to see the beast helper more, but I can understand the romance needs of the show too. Supporting acting is excellent, and the characters are believable and real."
I like the story line, it's different from the old tv show, but it could use a little more touchy, feely emotions in it."
This Show is great I kept buying the episodes until I caught up with it on TV. I am enjoying it so much cant wait for the next episode each week. Love, deceit, betrayal, excitement and super thrills. It is a must see. I just hope they don't cancel it like they do all the good stuff. I will be upset again."
I think I like it, I'm not sure yet. I may have to watch another episode or two to decide."
I like my show. I hope it keeps playing. I watched the original one and thins one is almost as good."
I would tell everyone to watch this show, the guy is a bad but and cute and good actor, she is always my girl from Smallville."
In Short: Vincent is our beast. He was approached by a secret group while he was in the military to take a serum that could make him almost untouchable. He took it. Catherine is our beauty. She is a detective with the police department. A few bizarre incidents and they are tangled together. She is working to save him. He is working to save her. They are both trying to keep Vincent a secret.I loved the earlier episodes in this season. Watching the pair search for answers about Vincent and trying to maintain their facade all while the romance is heating up was fun and exciting. And each of them has a best friend that I really like.I ended up giving it 4 stars because the &#34;on again&#34; then &#34;off again&#34; thing with Vincent and Cat got pretty old. If it stayed one way or the other for a while I would be okay, but I felt like I was yanked around a lot and it started feeling a little too dramatic."
There is always something exciting and interesting happening every week. I am in love with Kristin (Beauty) and (Beast) Jay. The chemistry between them is deep, hot and very sexy. There could not have been a better pairing for this Series. I am excited and eager to see each episode every week. I wish there was a new show every night! BRAVO! BEAUTY AND THE BEAST!!!"
Horrible acting, LAME concept. Utterly disappointed! I barely made it through 3 shows without poking my eyes out! Don't bother watching."
I missed an episode in this series and was able to watch it through Amazon.  Note: There is a small fee for this...but it was worth it to me!Also: It had Closed Caption -- a Huge Plus for me!!"
Where did Jay Ryan(the beast) come from! He is a great actor and he is not bad to look at either. I like the interactions of the characters and the changing plot. All the characters are attractive. Catherine is of course beautiful. I like her interactions with Vincent(Ryan) and with her partner."
As the relationship builds between the two main stars this show its getting really good.  I like the characters, it's exciting, suspenceful and has a little romantic tension hanging in the air.  She's a tough fighter for her size, she gets into lots of trouble of course, and he has to come to the rescue."
This movie has problems and I will admit that the creators of this show could have corrected them and even did a better job.  But this series is okay once you get right down to it.It has a nice, fresh take on the story of Beauty & the Beast and even manages to provide suspense as well.  The romance does get somewhat boring in a few areas but it manages to development (unlike a few tv series that I know of) and even get interesting.  Even most of the characters are okay and interesting.If you are into the suspense, romance, twists and turns, and even &#34;Beasty&#34; then this series might be what you are looking for."
This is the perfect title for this show.  I would call this along the line of the incredible hulk with an extra beauty as an addition. The way the guy is made up when he gets upset looks pretty damn good for being a \"beast\".  I have not missed an episode since it started.  The girl plays a beautiful cop with a bit of \"beast\" in her sort of like Chuck Norris. The friendship develops very strong and is a perfect addition to make the entire show."
Same story as many others.  Damsel meets danger, is rescued by dashing monster person, damsel falls madly in love- pining away for years until she finds.  Did not appreciate this in any way. Although I am sure some school age girls might appreciate it."
Kristen continues to find acting that portrays her in the &#34;same old - same old&#34; fashion.  Why did she pick the same old type of roll as she played in Smallville."
I love sunny, don't get it twisted, but season 8 was a little disappointing.  Just not as many funny moments, and it only had ten episodes for whatever reason."
Always Sunny never fails to make me laugh.  The other day I was watching it and I choked on my brocolli because I was laughing while eating.  I am ok."
Overall, season 8 is not as funny as the previous seasons. I just purchased episodes 1, 2, 3, 7, 8 and 10. Episode 3: &#34;The Maureen Ponderosa Wedding Massacre&#34; is my favorite of season 8. The &#34;McPoyles&#34; are in the episode and they are pretty funny."
The first few times I watched this show, I thought it was atrocious.  Why would I want to watch a show about all of these selfish dolts?  However, for some reason, which to this day I can't explain, I kept watching. Danny DeVito originally lured me in because I had loved him in TAXI. But another character grew on me even more and that was Charlie played by Charlie Day.  Charlie eventually becomes DeVito's roommate. I am now at the point where I eagerly tune in to see Charlie Day on other venues, such as his recent hosting on SNL. Then the other characters began to grow on me too.  So, in short, I am still watching this show and realize by now that these characters are meant to be the way they are and that is what is funny about the show. In this episode they conduct their own mock trial based solely on who is responsible for spilled milk in a car. This issue is brought about because DeVito rear ends Dennis who is eating his morning cereal in his car seat while at a red light. Their concept of a trial is sheer lunacy.This reminds me of when I first watched UK's ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS. I also thought that was atrocious until I \"got the joke\".  Then I became its biggest fan."
I know other reviewers have said season 8 isn't as good, but we're still laughing our butts off and enjoying Sunny. These guys are still doing a good job and we're glad they keep on coming back with more."
I've been a fan for such a long time that seasons 6 and 7 broke my heart. While there were a few moments where it would glimmer and I would recognize and old friend, those moments would pass, and now Season 8 is like having a conversation with someone that you may have grow a little apart with, but man are you happy someone mutual died/wed and you two are back in town for a few laughs."
Its not the same any more. I don't know what's wrong but I hope they fix it. This was better than last week."
Great!  It's always funny to watch &#34;It's Always Sunny ...&#34;  Great  season to watch--this show will never let you down!"
Very well made show. One of the more creative comedies around. Some of the humor is a bit ridiculous, but what good comedy isn't."
I can't give away anything about this episode without ruining it.  It was brilliant from beginning to end and the twist just blew me away.All the characters had great moments but Charlie especially owned this episode.Reminds of of why I got so into this show in the first place.  It's amazing to think they can maintain this level of quality after so many seasons.Just brilliant writing all around.Dennis was awesome too."
The gang is back and looking for Nazi treasure belonging to Dennis and Dee's Nazi grandfather, who they have to decide whether to take him off life support. Frank is upset that everything of Pop Pops goes to Dennis and Dee. Mack and Charlie decide that they are going to find Pop Pop's treasure all the while deciding how the movie of their adventures (or misadventures) would go down.HILARIOUS!!!!If you like the irreverent humor of \"It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia\" I HIGHLY recommend this episode!!!BTW, Mack isn't fat anymore, but he is still their enforcer getting sunglasses that are supposed to indimidate others while he determines if they are a threat. lol"
this show keeps getting better by the season. when they posted it on netflix i sat down and watched 1-7 in a week . loved it so much i couldnt wait for them to get 8 so i got it on here"
I saw ads for this show for years but never watched it. Last month I was desperate for a good comedy to watch and tried the first episode. And was hooked. And now I am almost finished with the eighth season wondering how I am going to last until fall when the new season appears.Season 8 is one of my favorites. The show has aged well. Still very inventive and because it is on FX is has a definite edge to it."
As a Boston native and a current resident of Minneapolis, I've always hated the city of Philadelphia.  But the show is one of the best programs on TV right now.  A great show for anyone sick of amateur shows like \"Two and a Half Men\"."
....hard to watch because of the terrible scenarios that are either super embarrassing or super heinous, or a combo of the two, lol. Still one of the funniest shows out there, and certainly one of the few that make a real attempt to take you outside your comfort zone and force you to acknowledge some of the worst aspects of humanity. There really isnt anything else out there that I can think of that is anything like this show. This season in particular was better than season 7 I think. At this point though, the seasons pretty much lack relevance. It's each individual episode that will take you somewhere you may or may not want to be, and is as irreverent as possible while doing so."
This show does not relent.  Funniest show on TV.  Once you get to know the characters. I hope this show goes on forever."
Very disappointing episode that totally lacks what made the show funny. The writing was very poor, and the failed attempt to be funny was all put into the plot.  Comedy is always funniest when it's character driven as much of the earlier episodes are. In addition to the poor writing, the episode is dragged down by the dead weight that goes by the name of DeVito.  Compare any episode of Season 1 (which was blessedly DeVito-free) to any subsequent episode you wish and the season 1 episode comes out on top. The cast (minus Dead Weight DeVito) is extremely talented and their creation of season 1 was fresh with a Gen-X sarcasm, and consistently laugh out loud funny. In that first year, Glenn Howerton can make you laugh with a mere look in close up. But with season two came the addition of Dead Weight Devito, whose comedy is tired old-school broad sitcom comedy. It doesn't match the sensibility of the other four actors or their characters and the longer the series went on with DeVito, the more it sunk towards his sitcom level. This episode hits that rock bottom."
The production value's been upped in Season 8.  The access to what appears to be 'mainstream Hollywood' hasn't hurt the series humor - which is remains as politically incorrect as ever.  Probably the funniest thing on the air today!  The characters are brilliant - hope they keep up the great work for years to come!"
You should watch the first seven seasons of this show to fully understand these characters & their dynamics to be able to fully grasp the humor of this show."
Originally intended as a &#34;softer&#34;, more kid-friendly version of Nova, by around Season 4 the producers must have realized people of all ages were watching. The condescension of speech and cartoonish action and imagery are pretty much gone, replaced by simple, straightforward explanations of truly remarkable things. Basically, Nova with a smile."
very well done and all middle schoolers should watch them and be inspired to go to college and become scientists"
very good educational TV viewing. ;I like these kind of shows and this one is on my sist of science shows to watch."
A quiet evening, nothing much good on t-v. Then I stumbled on Nova Science Now and was treated to a riveting series of stages of human development. Where did we come from? How did we get where we are? Where are we going? Not preachy, not pendantic. And not dumbed down. Presented to interest folks like me who think we are not interested and imparting valuable knowledge."
Ok not just my son!  I love too!  It is very interesting. I really enjoy the subjects covered.  It also doesn't put you to sleep."
This show is always a great choice.  Intelligent, entertaining and funny.  Safe for the whole family.  I would highly recommend."
If you love watching puppies and kittens(and who doesn't) you will like this.  However, it can get to be too much after a while."
It is a nice way to while away the time, no need to think, kids love it, one of my cats likes it."
This is the most informative and funny collection of pet videos. The videos introduces the audience to many different breeds of puppies and kittens. You will learn what it takes to care for each breed. The best part with all the cuteness and fun you will learn while being entertained."
If you'd just like to watch something wonderfully joyful, this is it. Good for kids, great narration and loving.  I was so glad to see it arrive on Amazon Instant Videos."
The warning at the beginning is for real.  This is the cutest series ever.  There just isn't anything cuter than puppies and kittens."
Great education for understanding the various breeds of dogs but would like to see comparisons of other dogs in each breed."
Cute, cute, cute, cute... what can I say except... CUTE! Very nice series that my daughter and I really enjoy."
If you like dogs or cats, this is the show for you!  It's interesting to learn about new breeds and see them grow up. You'll fall in love!"
This show is good to learn about different breeds of dogs that is why I watch it really, I don't look at it for the cuteness"
We love this show--cute and educational!  My kids like learning about how cats care for their newborn kittens.  And the breeds they chose are adorable."
This is a winner who ever came up with catching cute on film deserves an award.  Keep it up and keep them coming.  This will touch your heart even if yours is cold each episode has fun and sweet all through it"
Watched one episode and it was about cats-informational. Didnt watch a second one because as usual Amazon keeps stopping during playback-even on my computer!"
This is the greatest series to watch if you are feeling down because there is no way you can watch these cute animals and stay blue.The animals are showcased in the cutest antics. The editing is great and shows the animals doing the cutest things. You  just have to watch to enjoy the funny things the animals do. The narration enhances the shows by providing a story line with each of the three sets of animals being featured.I would recommend this series to anyone young and old."
The idea is okay for a special but there is too much sameness for a series. Also, these people seem a bit obsessive about their animals."
I can hardly handle the cuteness of this program.  My grandchildren love this show so much that we talk and talk about it and re-watch it and never gets dull even after 10 times watching"
The family and I really enjoyed the program. It's good clean fun for everyone. I highly recommend, it's by far one of the few shows that teaches you a lot about a pet prior to getting one."
Great!! Show. Our Mini-Schnauzere sits and / or Lays on our bed watching episodes. All I have to say is, Puppies On!! And she's right there at attention looking at the set. Too Cute!!"
OH EM JEEE!This is the best show ever, with small baby fluffy animals, if you are slightly down, you will feel like you are lifted through the roof!After viewing for ten seconds, your face will look like this:  :DIt's great viewing for a family gathering, mafia meetings, divorce court, etc.After a tough day, I've learned it's either this or South Park. I need to either see some fluffy animals or laugh my face off. Or both.Too cute is flufffy baby puppies! OH MY GOD! :D"
The title is accurate TOO CUTE.  To me there is nothing cuter than a puppy.  This program shows the little puppies lives from total dependence on their mother until they become little rambunctious and playful creatures.  Also, according to their breed, it shows how some will be trained for service and some too become show dogs, etc.  Anyone who watches, couldn't help but want a dog as a pet and a friend.  I have had five in my lifetime.  A puppy is not only an asset in a child's life but an adult also.  I highly recommend that you watch this program."
This is a fun show to watch. This series or the one with kittens is so fun to watch anytime."
This is a simple, well produced series starring young animals. If you enjoy watching puppies, kittens, etc. then, you will no doubt find this series relaxing and entertaining."
She even likes the puppies but really likes kitten shows as much as I do. This is just the type of show that people need to get away from the constant bombardment of bad news every day. At least you feel good after watching."
The parents had a lot of issues in these episodes and it took away from the kids but still a good show with great dancing"
Although you still have the drama between the moms the competition was alone was very good and each judge was fair.  I didn't think the little one should have gotten as far as she did due to her youth and lack of concentration. She should have gone home earlier since she has time to grow and develop and try again.  Overall, it was fun to watch and if you just want a laugh and to see what NOT to do to your child, then watch this."
I watched the whole season and wished I hadn't. The mom drama is disgusting and judges are idiotic. Robin Antin comparing everything to her Pussycat Dolls franchise was laughable. She mentioned it in almost every critique of a dancer when the kids on the show were already more talented than that group that no one has heard of anymore."
I have watched Dance Moms from the beginning.  Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition is a fun show from the sassy Abby Lee Miller. This show has Asia in it and shows how she and Abby first found each other.  Also Hadley and Zack who ended up with Candy Apples  This is a great show and fun to watch"
For a first season of a show this was pretty enjoyable. In many ways we liked it better than Dance Mom's. We also felt that the winner should have actually won which demonstrates that after all the theatrics of trying to make it feel like a competition it was actually about who could dance better in the end. Worth a watch if you want to just vegetate and not think to much."
I love the show except for the fact that the girls are dancing a bit above their age. There is mama drama, but not as nasty as the other abby show. That makes it a bit more kid friendly."
omg the drama....this is one spunky, crazy woman...some hard working kids and some out of control moms.  Makes me glad i have no little girls."
This is actually a good opportunity to see some very talented young dancers show their stuff. The show misses 5 star rating for me because I don't think the people who judge the dancers along with Abby are equal to her. The comments they make to the dancers don't seem to have a lot to do with the quality of the performances."
Abby Lee Miller is a choreographer and dance instructor who was a subject of an earlier series, &#34;Dance Moms&#34; in the Pittsburg area.  This series is apparently a  spin-off of that series, this time a competition to determine a winning young dancer, with $100,000 prize and a year's scholarship to a  famous ballet school.  The feature that remains constant is the viscious behavior of the mothers of the dancers.  If you enjoy cat fights, and young dancers, you should like this series."
I loved season 1 of this show.  Not really pleased with season 2 but I will probably get it also.  I love being able to buy and watch my favorite shows when I want to.  Excellent sound and quality."
I love this show it's entertaining and the dancers are great.  The moms are crazy talking about other moms kids it's really facinating to see how people really are when money and fame are on the line."
If you like crabby Abby, then you will like this show. It's hard to watch young girls get trampled on, like one girl is told after her performance that it was &#34;road kill&#34;, but I guess that's show biz and show biz spares no feelings! If you're a fan of her regular show you will enjoy this. I liked it a bit more because the American Idol Style at least gives the kids 2 other judges to hear from, which sometimes helped ease the criticism."
Although there's a lot of repeating about what they cover, it's still very good, well produced, good acting, and worth the watch."
This series takes an in depth view of people like Carnegie, Rockefeller and more.  You will learn about their personalities and how some of them interacted with each other.  This is an excellent  series for history buffs and a learning experience for students.  It is also worth a second look if one has viewed this series before."
Great acting, hopefully it is historically correct. Now I will need to read some books and find out how much is true. Very well done."
I was inspired by it. Men, with vision, built amazing businesses and dominated the USA. Love that. My only compliant is that they tried to bash the Republicans in it. But other than that, it was very inspiring and informative."
This is a great history lesson telling the story of how America was built and the giants that built it.  A well told tale that could use a little bit of editing to eliminate all those recaps of previous sessions.  I watched it straight thru and learned to advance past the recaps.  History comes to life in the persons of Rockefeller,JP Morgan, Carnegie, Edison,Tesla and more."
Really loved the history on these men and weaved into a fun to watch show as well.  Great way to make history fun and interesting to watch."
Really interesting body of information with great portrayals of these great men,  Well acted and settings are wonderful.  What a tutorial for youngsters."
I&#8217;ve heard about these guys all my life but never really knew their stories!  Great information and it&#8217;s done so well!  It&#8217;s like watching a made for TV mini series!"
I was very disappointed to learn this was a History Channel documentary praising the lords of industry and finance.  I should have been more careful to read the product description before I purchased it, but was expecting a good and possibly realistic drama about the period of Reconstruction and Redemption and what the average citizen experienced post Civil War."
I gave this series 5 stars because of the actors the way the story was told.  It was very informative and I just had to watch it all the way through.  I knew these was powerful men but I did not realize how powerful they were until this series.  They did have a major role but it cost them.  I like history and I really like to know about the United States I am living in and how some important men changed all of that.  I could not find anything I dislike about the series."
I found this series to be well presented with an informative history of the times. It held my interest to the end."
I highly recommend this series. A lot of what took place back then (almost 150 years ago) is taking place today. The top 1%. The have's versus the have not's. The huge inequality gap in pay. Topics we read and hear about today. It is very well done and educational."
The subject matter is well worth the time invested. I perhaps grew weary watching the actors portraying these early robber barons look pensively out the window of their lushly decorated offices, but for the most part the actors conveyed the required drive and ruthlessness of their characters."
A great lesson in history of how the industrialists earlier in our history helped build America from one railroad track to another, one barrel of oil to pipelines and one car after another improving on the assembly line and the roadway systems we all enjoy that give us access to each other allowing the States to be United.  Fascinating story."
I like this series.  The scenes with Nikola Tesla were very poorly researched, and I hope that is not an example of the accuracy of everything else.Tesla did not invent AC power, he invented three-phase current which is well suited to running electric motors.  He did not invent the high voltage \"Tesla Coil\" until about ten years after the period when Westinghouse and Edison were debating AC versus DC power.  So the scene with him giving a high voltage demonstration to show AC is safe is completely incorrect."
History is so important in knowing where we have been and where we are going.  I have thoroughly enjoyed watching and learning about the thinkers and doers who built America.  Since I was too young to know all the things that occurred years ago to bring such important ideas that launched the future of our country,  watching this has been extremely enlightening and interesting. I suggest if you haven't seen this, you should if you are interested in our country's history.  Opening our eyes to the past helps us understand how important men (women) with vision and means can have such an impact.  Highly recommend."
Great series.  Very informative.  Highly recommend watching &#34;The Men Who Built America&#34;.  We enjoyed watching it.  Well researched and education."
I love watching these episodes. It is a reflection of the history of America. I'm half way through Season 1 and I can't get enough of it."
Very well done historical presentation that helps you realize just how capitalism came to be such a force in this country and eventually the world.  The way they have shown the overlap of the most powerful men that built the USA is nothing more than fantastic.  I haven't finished it but I'm really enjoying the episodes that I do watch when I have time."
This is a pretty good Documentary, and let's us see, not to much has changed, from those days of the Robber Barons, of yesterday. But they did build America's Industrial Infrastucture. Much of it still with us.These men were ruthless, and their poorly paid workers the price.However it is very informative, and well worth watching. If you haven't heard of these men, which would be hard to believe, I'm sure you will learn something new."
Definitely worth the watch; they delve into some more obscure issues behind the lives of these folks.  I was disappointed in the quick rush in the last episode regarding Henry Ford and Harley-Davidson; they desrved more time.  Also, this is definitely done with a decided liberal bias, so beware of that.  The history, and lessons to be learned from it, are well executed."
Well done historical story. Shows how the titans of American business had crossing paths in ways that I was unaware. Also shows that it takes ruthlessness and a egocentric personality to reach what is considered in the United States the &#34;American Dream&#34; of riches and self-determination."
It is a series of simplified summary stories about some very powerful business people. It is well produced and easy to watch. Good if you want to know a little about these titans of industry. Also they have comments by current business people about what they see as some of the key lesson they take from these stories."
It is truly AMAZING that how few men it took to &#34;Build America&#34; and, just like TODAY, they combined to hold more than 2/3 of the nation's wealth!!"
A very well written series which traces America's industrial explosion of growth and the accumulation of wealth and influence by the small group of entrepreneurs with the greatest success during those years.  I know each of them better now; how they interacted with each other and what they contributed to America during the Industrial Revolution and before business regulation and the breakup of building monopolies of individual businesses.  Failing was not an option for these giants and there wasn't a &#34;too big to fail&#34; mentality.  I highly recommend to anyone wanting to understand America's power, influence,  growth and all who want to learn quickly with as little time invested as possible."
I am unable to rate this program. It looks like a very good program, one worth watching but I did not."
Great history lesson and was surprised to learn that Rockefeller had such deep faith in God, yet was ruthless in his business dealings.  What a contradiction to his character.  The ruthlessness in all the other business leaders did not did not surprise me."
This is an unconventional historical documentary. It combines narration, re-creation and commentary by any number of people including large numbers of high-profile people in business. It tells the history of a complicated era (the industral revolution in post-civil war America) from the perspective of those who led it. It makes for compelling viewing in that its always presenting things from an understandable individual point of view. But at a price.While the program is extremely watchable, its often playing fast-and-loose with history. Sometimes its only telling part of a story. An example is the struggle over the Erie railroad. While it leaves the impression that Jay Gould cleanly beat Vanderbilt, the actual story is a whole lot more mixed. The business relationship between Carnegie and Frick is told somewhat from a self-serving Carnegie point of view. They go even so far as to hold Frick personally, directly and exclusively responsible for the Johnstown flood. As for Carnegie, the flood is presented as a moment of complete moral transformation leading to the construction of Carnegie Hall. While doting on Carnegie Hall, they fail to even realize that at about the same time Rockefeller was creating the much more ambitious project of the University of Chicago.There is a certain danger in presenting these stories mostly from the point of view of the winners of the era. It edges toward boosterism (and that is perhaps being too kind).There are some commentators I could have done without. Alan Greenspan, Jim Kramer, Donald Trump and Mark Cuban come to mind."
We learn about the &#34;robber barons&#34; in school but this production tells us considerably more about the individuals.  I was interested to find out more about their personalities and their interactions with one another.  Their ruthlessness is soft-pedaled a bit as is the norm but happily there was less emphasis on their personal wealth and grand residences and more on their effect on the growing US economy and nation.  They got their starts in a pre-regulation era between the formation of the nation and the full-blow industrial revolution.  Eventually regulation caught up and the era of the unions began."
I think this would be an adjunct to history classes of any age group.  In addition, it helps to look back to what used to be taught in history, and I am enjoying this very much.  Thank you for making the series."
Never knew the backstory on any of these men...ruthless, willing to take chances and do whatever was needed to do"
\"The Men Who Built America\" is a fascinating look into a period of American history when capitalism was free from the shackles of government regulations and the \"free market\" thrived more than it ever has since. The mini-series is a docu-drama, seemlessly blending documentary with high quality dramatic reenactments. The subject matter, which could have come across dry and dull in the wrong hands, is incredibly entertaining and well made. From teenagers to seniors, \"The Men Who Built America\" has the story-telling power to captivate audiences of all ages.It is the story of iconic American capitalists and their rise to power in the ruthless, cutthroat world of big business- a world often compared to as a game of chess, where the only rule is that there are no rules: take the competition down any way you can. The double crossings, the screw-overs and the outmanuevering of the competition is enthralling to watch. There were few laws and little regulation on businesses back then, and so thriving capitalists were free to do pretty much what they wanted.The series also shows the inevitable marriage between big business and big government, and how the implementation of government regulations have strangled what we call the \"free market.\" The series correctly shows how some of these regulations were pushed for by human rights activists (working conditions, pay, etc) while many regulations were pushed for by big businesses THEMSELVES. Regardless one's current political views pertaining to government regulations and oversight, the fact is that big business (for the most part) actually prefers things the way they are: many of these regulations have rigged the playing field to the advantage of big business and serves to limit the pool of potential competitors.As for historical accuracy: while I'm no historian by any stretch of the imagination, I do know the series omitted some important factors about Cornelius Vanderbilt's purchase of watered stock: in the series first episode, two men in middle management (Jason Gould and James Fisk) came up with a plan to strip Vanderbilt of millions by selling him over-bloated stock. In actuality, there were three men (Daniel Drew was never mentioned in the series). And in real life, Gould bribed legislators to pass a bill that made the stock issue legal (never mentioned in the series). I only know of these omissions because I wrote a paper on it in college. I can only assume that there must be other omissions or \"tweaks\" throughout the series, as well.That being said, I didn't see anything that was a GLARING contradiction against actual historical events. I think the series simply streamlined things to keep moving at a crisp pace. I had no problem with it; the series serves to both entertain and educate- and if those who are entertained enough find themselves delving deeper into research, then I say the series was an absolute success.\"The Men Who Built America\" is fantastic from start to finish. The re-watch value is very high and it sheds a lot of light on the \"Robber Barons\" who helped forge the industrialized nation after the civil war into the mightiest country on the planet. Definitely worth 8-9 hours of your life.Each episode is approximately 45 minutes in length."
Very entertaining and informative.  Makes you understand how things in America came to be and it makes you realize we really haven't changed that much over the years.  Still just a few rich folks pulling our strings."
We need more series like this one...I loved the educational views and the depiction of life from the moguls were transformed this country in the beginning of our industrial age. As a history buff I enjoyed watching the masterpiece timeline...I want to see more!"
Vanderbilt, Morgan, Carnegie, Ford--all known names to this day--are presented here in profiles including their life stories, their business practices, and their final results. The sums of worth are, in today's dollars, staggering--but so were their ruthless and sometimes downright homicidal ambitions. It's very intriguing to compare these gentlemen with those in big business NOW, with regulation, OSHA, employment laws, unions, etc."
As always, the history channel knows how to tell a story. I really enjoyed this historical dramatization. It provided insights into the railroad, financial and shipping kings that built America and led the world."
This is one of the best series ever produced on the History Channel. The research is top notch. The script is compelling, and the production values, from the sets to the CGI, are first-rate.  Even the dramatizations are less amateurish than is usually the case. I found that the arch of the historical presentation presented me with an overview I never received during my days as a graduate student in History at Princeton. Highly recommended."
Very entertaining and interesting.  A much deeper view of these amazing people than anything I have seen before.  Well worth the watch."
Some good info....but so much repetition. This series could be cut in half, Also, some of the things they bring up they don't tell you what happened....it is worth a watch."
They should show these videos in schools.  They are lessons in success and failure and how to over come failure and achieve your goals in spite of adversary."
The live action acting in this borders on dreadful.  I can't imagine what the producers and writers were thinking but this series alternates between very good voiceovers by Campbell Scott narrating a story that is fascinating, some minimal live action going on during his narration, and then scenes of dreadful writing and performances but actors playing the titans of Gilded Age America.  At least in some cases it appears they didn't even do their research.  The portrayal of Cornelius Vanderbilt for example presents a ruthless but genteel railroad man, and he was little of that.  He was apparently vulgar, badly spoken, virtually illiterate and had a passion for steam boats which is all but ignored in the depiction of his life.  His decision to go into the railroad business was a begrudging one he did after already having built a large fortune.Not only are the performances of the unknowns chosen to portray these larger than life characters pretty wooden, but almost worse than those are the interludes with today's supposed titans.  Commentary from the likes of Donald Trump, Mark Cuban, and Jack Welch is very disruptive to the flow of these programs and it is so banal and obvious in what it presents that one wonders if these men think they are talking to 2nd graders.I think the subject matter of these episodes is fascinating in that it does show how a few giants of industry were responsible for huge changes in the life and economy of the United States after the Civil War and into the 20th Century.  It is just disappointing that the structure of how it is presented wasn't better thought out."
When you watch something intended to be viewed with commercial breaks over weeks, there are some redundancies on each introduction.  Beyond that it's a great piece on the industrial revolution.  I would recommend anyone who wants to know more about why GE,JP Morgan, Exxon, et al are who they are today, to watch.  This series should be continued and I hope there are plans to that."
WOW the school system should try to be teaching this, I would be willing to bet that 95% would not know who these men are. .While I knew of each man I did not know how they interrelated, We need some folks like this now. These biographies can give you an insight on economics and how one action affects another. These men all looked beyond what is in front of them. Something..that is sadly lacking today. . A great series.  ."
I was hooked from the first episode. The narration was clear, non-intrusive and gave a lot of historical information in an engaging manner. The actors were well chosen for their historical roles and the acting was quite good. The history unfolded in such a way as to connect the incredible events that transpired before and after the turn of the 20th century into a cohesive whole that exposed the rivalries that drove the great innovators of this time into greater achievements. I greatly enjoyed this, what I would term, mini-series. I hope the History Channel will tackle other historical turning points in this series. My only complaint was the rather long overview of what had happened up until that episode's beginning, but I think that was because I watched the entire season in one long marathon. Cut up into one episode per week it was probably of more use. I would highly recommend this presentation to any and all who have an interest in our history."
Such a cute show! So very sad to see it go and I hope I'm wrong and that it comes back next mid season. I love the entire cast. I started watching it for Justin Hartley and fell in love with EVERYONE. This leaves and stupid Cult comes? Redic. Bring back Emily Owen please. And please bring a image please for our Kindle library. It looks so stupid!!!!"
Just a refreshing look at the medical profession. An honest and fun way to enjoy a good medical drama. I thought I would just see what the pilot had to offer, but after that  was hooked."
This is an okay program, not as inclined to hold your attention as some of the other shows like Grey's Anatomy but not that bad either."
I have to say this is one of my favorite shows of the season and I watch Walking Dead.  I have not appreciated any medical drama or dramady since ER.  I find Emily familiar if somewhat painful to watch.  Hey, some of us did have the social IQ of 70 while zipping through AP Biology.The humor is quirky and original to me at least and I hated Grey's Anatomy. My daughter likes both if that helps and she is closer to Emily's age than I am.What drew me to the show was, I fully admit, Justin Hartley.  I think his character might just be the one pulling the pranks on Emily...Her oddball moments are balanced by her exceptional bedside manner that helps her rise above the norm and she is clearly going to be a top notch diagnostician as an MD.  Her weirdness and inner dialogue seems to enable her to see what others miss.And who has not said something really idiotic to some guy we crushed on?  Yeah, been there.~Eva"
I 'discovered' this on Amazon and had no idea this gem of a show was actually on channel 57, which I typically think of as tacky vampire/mean girl type shows. This is so refreshing -funny, intelligent and how nice to have a character who is morally good-without being 'goody two shoes'!  This and Hart of Dixie are two outstandingly nice, fun, intelligent, well-written shows. Hooray Channel 57-keep up the good work!"
I really like most medical dramas (thanks ER), but this one was missing something ... The main character was hard to watch and her need for attention from her best friend is ... Well ... Annoying."
Finally, a little different twist presented in a &#34;medical drama&#34; program! &#34;Emily Owens&#34; keeps my attention, through the humurous theme & cast of characters. The voice-overs, however, tend to be over done."
This was anxiety-provoking to watch:  I wanted so much for this actress to find her voice.  Instead, we have another version of \"Grey's Anatomy\", this time in Denver.  What's important and what is valuable in this story line seems to be the perceived awkwardness of the protagonist rather than the knowledge and care of her patients.  Force of personality to make this a viable premise just isn't there:  instead, a lot of talk about high school, social hierarchies (\"10 Things I Hate About You\" anyone?), \"flop sweat\" and being \"uncool.\"  Please.  If the appeal is to the 12 to 18 demographic, then maybe but to an adult audience?  Not smart nor edgy enough.  It is just the Pilot, however, so it might be worth another look see if for only to see where this actress might take \"Emily Owens, MD.\"I have continued to watch this series and while a bit spotty in places, that is, tentative dialogue, shaky plot lines, I have found that elusive voice that is all Emily's own:  mature and in the place she finds herself with less frequent references to high school faux pas.  Relationships between colleagues continue to be established on a realistic level with tension between the \"should be\" couples as opposed to those that are. In this episode, \"Emily....the Good and the Bad\" there is a strange sort of melt down and less severity coming from the Chief Resident character.  On the other hand, Emily finally gets it:  she doesn't need to be so hard on herself especially when she tries so hard to be honest and good.Onto Episode 8 and we are back, so disappointingly, to high school rivalries, childish competitiveness in the lab while waiting for life-determining test results.  Really?  Some good lessons in between but not redeeming enough to rid this series of an overriding theme that detracts from every other subplot.  It's \"Mean Girls\" meets something like Grey's Anatomy but not nearly as mature dramatically."
I have really enjoyed this series so far. I love Emily's character. She has got such a fun personality and one that many can relate to, especially when she tries to make everyone happy but finds that sometimes that doesn't work. I have also enjoyed that cast in this series."
The entire cast is great - Mammie is definitely the linchpin of the show. She's funny, expressive and a natural actress. Love the story lines. Hope it gets picked up!!"
I didn't think I'd like this show, but my husband wanted to watch a couple of episodes  before we decided.  Now we are definitely hooked.  It's funny, warm, tender, with interesting stories that leave us eager for the next show."
I loved this show so much and was very upset to see that it was cancelled.  I have watched the episodes over and over and was thrilled to find out that I can watch them anytime I want now on Amazon Prime Video.  Although I would love more new episodes, at least, I can relive the experience anytime I want."
I am SO bummed the network cut this show after one season. Still worth watching Season 1. Great show for girls looking for a feel good show to watch. There is (oddly) some graphic stuff that doesn't really fit in with the rest of the show but it didn't bother me too much."
Great show. If you like horror movies, then you need to watch this and its a must see. I have watched season 1-2.Do not hesitate go get this show right meow."
I suddenly got addicted with this amazing series, so when I saw season 1, I thought it was perfection: it had a little bit of drama, horror and crazy twists. But now that I got to see season 2, I fell in love completely with this show! Season 2 (also known as \"Asylum\") delivers great storylines; there's always something happening with all the characters, amazing performances, and the factor that makes you want more when an episode ends! Also, there's more gore and insanity on this season, so if you can't stand blood or human organs, you may not enjoy this season as much as season 1, that was a little bit more psychological and less gory, but in my case, I don't mind.But the best part of this is the cast! I love the way they use most of the main actors on this show and they always find a perfect role for everyone, I think it shows their versatility; Jessica Lange (the best part of this show, she can play anything!), Lily Rabe (who thought that she could play a spiteful woman after playing the moaning Nora in season one?), Evan Peters (an actor with a great future waiting for him) and Sarah Paulson (who didn't had a really big role in season one, but she became my favorite character of this season, she's an amazing actress and you believe her acting when she cries, or when she's in pain
The second year of AHS is a completely new world, but everyone from the first season makes an appearance as completely different characters. Both narrative and horror have never gotten this kind of treatment on TV and this most certainly is a groundbreaking series that will no doubt spur a host of imitators."
If Angela was not in the series I would have no reason to watch it.Angela is amazing in all her work.The end of the season was great, but I did not want Gabourey Sidibe as Queenie, to be written out of thethe show so soon.  Stop excluding the African American Actors and Actresses out of theseries so soon.  After a while you won't have anyone of color in your show, if notthere will be no reason to watch it any longer.."
Season 2 is good. It's twisted and creepy. So far, it's not as good as season 1, but if you liked season 1 you'll like season 2. It's interesting how they completely moved away from the house. I thought the house would be the constant. Once again, the sets are amazing, the make-up is amazing and the story sucks you in. Highly recommend."
It is just amazing. The characters are all very dynamic. The multiple story lines are something that really brings life to all the characters."
My wife and I loved this series! It was better than the first one: very powerful, deep and strong thematically."
This show is by far one of cable TV's better ideas. American Horror Story is a scary, creepy fun ride."
The first season was interesting and this second season was silly, now the third season looks soooo stupid I'm all together passing.....if you are going to buy this get the first season, the second is pretentious and not worth the money."
I liked this season, love the way the same actors from first season come back in second season as totally different people and stories, this is such a great concept&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;..This season was good, not as good as the first but I'm still totally addicted!"
The only reason I didn't give it five stars was for aliens storyline.  I wasn't feeling it.  Everything else was great.  The two-parter &#34;I Am Anne Frank&#34; was the best of the series, hands down.  Looking forward to Season 3."
After thoroughly enjoying Season 1, I was eagerly anticipating American Horror Story Season 2, especially after I heard the setting was an old insane asylum.  Asylum initially impressed me with its fast pace and introduction of creepy characters, but began to stall out during the middle of the season.  One of the hardest parts to get into about Asylum is that it makes some big time jumps throughout the season that make the story hard to follow.  On the upside, the acting is superb and &#34;The Name Game&#34; is one of the most memorable episodes I've seen in quite some time.  Since the seasons are self-contained mini-series, it's an easy choice to skip this season and jump straight to season 3 (quite good)."
I love Jessica Lange, she is riveting in her roles, and never disappoints me.  This was a good drama, with a supernatural twist."
The show throws everything scary  it can at you -except clowns and ventriloquist dummies. Honestly- alien abduction/serial killer with mommy issues/ evil nazi doing human experiments/ zombie like creatures/ crazy people/ nuns/ killer in santa costume /demonic possession.  Seriously- what saved it from being a ridiculous mess was the cast."
i saw the series on TV and wasn;t too imressed. The second time around was much, much better!The story line moves effortlessly, the characters are intriguing and the suspense is superb.I highly recommend this series to all who would enjoy horror with a great story line.Also see the first American Horror Story...that is really,really good!!"
I actually started this series by season 3 on tv i have read a lot of reviews and decided to watch the first season and loved it and this one is absolutely insane."
I love a good mystery/thriller/action movie or TV show but American Horror Story is a bit too gory and visually graphic for me. I watched most of Season One but could not finish that season. Thought I'd try again, but had to turn off the video less than half way through. Perhaps if they left more to the imagination and less blood and guts??? but then it may not appeal to you. We all have our preferences, this one is not mine."
Top notch cinematography, more plot twists and turns than a Laguna Seca Racecourse, riveting dialog.  My deepest fears are that somehow the writers found documents and are setting to the screen things that actually did occur - chilling."
One of the best horror series on TV. Season 2 is better than season 1, keeps you on the edge of your seat, the doctor is a sadist, the nun is a sadist, very good acting. A must see for horror fans."
the quality of the amazon streaming is great, but the storyline of the show is a bit weird this season."
I loved season one of this show...thoroughly lived it.  Initially I was disappointed with the direction this season took because I wanted more haunted-house stories.  But when I got involved in this season, I couldn't believe how great it became.  Great storyline. Great actors.  Can't wait to see what they do next."
WOW!Can they fit anymore into a horror show? I don't think so.If you like horror watch this show! I highly recommend it!!!"
I watched and enjoyed season 1 for a lot of the same reasons others did.  I expected more of the same this season.  I made it through three episodes and stopped.  It is a non-stop series of scenes depicting humiliation, gratuitous cruelty and violence, outright torture, sadism, bondage and obedience, degrading and violent sexuality, simple ghoulishness, and on and on. I find nothing redeeming in this series. There is nothing in it I would call a plot or a narrative arc or character development.  Any more than there is in your average porno production.  Just a pretext for more \"torture porn.\"There is no wit or humor or depth or insight, either.  It is just relentlessly and oppressively cruel.The fact that it has so many positive reviews tells me that it has found a cult following - not that it actually deserves positive reviews.I think the actors in this series are not only wasted. I think they are degrading themselves and damaging their reputations by participating in the project. I will never be able to watch Jessica Lang, James Cromwell, Evan Peters or any of the other actors without unfortunate flashbacks to this series. Unfortunately, I used to enjoy these and other artists connected with the series. I wish I had never purchased the first episode. At least then I wouldn't have these awful associations tainting my memories of these actors."
there is an absolutely cracker jack exorcism in this episode.  it is right up there with the scenes from the film THE EXORCIST. in this one there is no head turning all the way around but short of that, there is everything any horror fan could want in a horror tv episode. this does not involve a continuous character as the character is brought in by his parents to the asylum for the first time in this episode and his story ends there. best of all, we get to see Jessica Lange get into it with the subject of the exorcism when she is left alone with him.i did not previously know that electroshock was used to \"cure\" lesbians back in the sixties.  this also occurs in this episode.  i checked online to see how true this was.  it is true and apparently some fundamentalist christian groups in the usa still espouse it as part of conversion therapy to turn gays into straights. actually the most shocking part of this is discovering that it is not fiction for the show!lots more going on as well but the above serves as an appetizer if you are considering buying this episode.  go for it!"
I got lost somewhere. Did not understand the connection between beginning and ending. I do not want to watch any more episodes."
I'm not sure that I would classify this season of the show as part of the Horror genre.  The supernatural elements of the typical Horror story are nearly absent from the story and those few that are present are pretty low key.  I would tend to classify this season as a Science Fiction/Historical/Horror Mystery/Thriller instead, but that's just my hair-splitting nature at work.That said it is an excellent bit of story telling and well worth watching--especially if you like the Mystery Genre and enjoy trying to figure out who the killers are.  I didn't figure out who the serial killer was until about 30 minutes before the reveal in the show (as I mentioned earlier, the writers did an excellent job telling their tale).  If your a fan of the Science Fiction, Horror or Mystery genres you will probably enjoy this season of  this series."
if you are easily offended, dont watch this!! great show, you do need to watch the first season as each season is a different storyline!"
ITS A SHAME THERE IS NO SEASON THREE,BUT alas its not to be .surfing on Net flix i found season one quite by accident and thought oh well i should give it a shot.To my pleasant surprise the first episode grabbed me and would not let me go, i have to tell you i am not a standard slasher  woman running from the crazed deformed chain saw killer in the woods horror fan .THIS IS NOT THAT TYPE OF SERIES!!!it will intrigue you and grab you and keep you on the edge of your seat waiting for the next episode, it is dark, gritty surreal, and will scare the blazing heck out of you with it's surprising and pleasant storyline.You like ghosts ok i get it , you like mystery  its here, you like a believable story line you got it!!My suggestion is this ..  watch season one first  and be prepared for a darker version in season two , but sadly our family leaves and doesn't return  but the characters in season two are given life by a few of our favorites from season one .its all there enjoy"
I really don't find these horror stories actually, but some of them are suspenseful.  They did keep me interested and wanting to see more.  I found the characters intriguing for the most part.  I've got to be honest, though, there were a couple of episodes that left me wondering what the......  Other than that I found the season interesting."
Best way to view without paying the awful monthly cost of cable..plus by buying  when it is over, is not gone (as it would be with cable) is saved in a great little library and can watch over again as often as you feel the need to..This is some of the best stuff out there outside a theater"
Ok, ok.....this is first and foremost a well-done horror series. That in itself is so difficult to pull off, as so many producers substitute gore for storyline. This show, while not going easy on the gore, is well told and for both seasons unfolds in directions you didn't expect. It is written with a dark humor that matches the grim circumstances, and at times is laugh out loud funny....if only for a moment. By way of example, episode 8 with the awesome Ian McShane as a murderous Santa Claus is both frightening and humorous, with Ian adding touches of dry humor here and there....before he kills someone, of course.But you can't talk about this show without mentioning the acting. The writing is crisp, the sets are creepy, the storylines are very well done, hell the whole thing is creepy/scary....but none of this would matter without Jessica Lange and Zachary Quinto. Those two knock every scene they are in out of the park. I'm guilty of forgetting what a great actress Jessica Lange is, but she is here to remind us in every episode. And name one show that Zachary Quinto hasn't made better? Maybe it's the eyebrows, but Zachary is a scene-stealer, whatever character he is playing he owns. Great series, and season 2 is better than season 1. Highly recommended!"
I watched the entire first season, but found it difficult to watch as it is basically a soft porn made for Prime Time with disturbing sexual situations. That just isn't &#34;entertainment&#34; in my book. Now zombies, on the other hand...."
Pretty good"
If you like creepy and weird then go no further, we have a winner!  I was a fan of season 1 but season 2 in now my favorite."
I love this series. I was expecting it to pick up from season 1 like all series do. I was surprised with a different horror story. I LOVE that! Season 2 was just as awesome as season 1. The episodes are well written and twisted. You never know what is going to happen. The acting is superb. I love Jessica Lange. Her acting has always been of the highest caliber. I am enjoying her in this series and hope she will be in future seasons. The setting in the asylum was creepy. I haven't always liked the flashing between times in a movie/tv show but it worked flawlessly here. Excellent viewing! I recommend this series."
this show is sooooo twisted, but in the best way!! it's got everything!!!"
great stories, amazing acting, interesting characters, and although the plot goes all over the place it is such an interesting season, which makes it well worth the craziness and confusion that is typical of this series thus far."
I was waiting for this to come out and didn't realize it was available.  I purchased the first season of American Horror Story and this one and now I am awaiting the 3rd season!  Awesome!"
From the Title of this review, you know where I'm going to take this.  First of all, let me say I'm not a fan of the horror genre.  I  don't go to them at the movies.  I don't bother with them on TV.  In spite of all the blood and gore, I find them tedious, predictable, and boring.  But I gave this one a shot in a desperate attempt to find something watchable in what is mostly a sea of mediocre filler on Prime.  Frankly, I didn't think I'd make it to the second episode.  But here and there are some surprising gems on Prime, although often rare and difficult to find.This is an excellent series that stands with the best.  There's the expected, horror, blood, and hideous gore perpetrated by demented sadists in charge of the institution.  They are Hell bent on making the lives of the inmates horrible beyond mention.  Some inmates shouldn`t even be in an asylum.  In fact, the basic premise is a horror clich&eacute;, but it's written and executed with aplomb.  It defies the usual tedium of typical horror by being delightfully unpredictable, and interesting.  Yes, interesting.  If it were a book, I'd call it a page turner.There's humor too, usually dark and dry to be sure, but I found myself laughing at some very clever lines.  If you can believe this, Episode 10, even has a brief respite with a production number, featuring Jessica Lange, and the rest of the wretched inmates doing a bouncy song and dance production in the middle of all the asylum chaos.  I know how this sounds totally inappropriate, but it actually lends itself quite well and makes sense in its particular context.  I backed it up and watched it twice, and I still want to watch it again.This series is probably the biggest surprise I've had on Prime.  Lange, who I've not seen much of in recent years comes out of obscurity and gives a wonderful performance.  She's not on her own, either.  She's working with some other well known and capable talent working outside their usual roles, at least the roles I`ve seen them in.  The rest of the cast is excellent too.  Perhaps the director deserves some credit for this.  The cast seems to fit together unusually well.  It's worth a watch.  You might be surprised."
Big let down from season one. This year's show is much too over the top with the writers throwing in every horror cliche and then even more cliches. Back to the drawing board for season 3."
I liked this season, but didn't get excited over it like I did season one. It's worth the watch, but maybe wait to see if it comes out on Netflix or Prime first."
For most TV shows you expect the same characters and a continuation of the same story line from season to season. So I wasn't sure when the second season came on it it was a brand new story with different characters as compared to the initial season. But it was fantastic! And now I am eager to see what the story line is in the next season.If you like good horror, suspense, mystery, and intrigue, you will love this show. Great television!"
Very good season, better than the first.  The writing and acting are so good you don't want an episode to end."
Finally some horror with an attitude. Not your typical horror with 5 teenagers and a serial murder. The story is very complex with twists and turns. And Jessica Lange is beyond amazing. Can't wait to see what season three has in store."
It is unbelievable how well-acted and written this series is!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just bravo, bravo, bravo to Jessica Lange and all the other actors!!!!! Each actor is just phenomenal!!! No wonder they won the Emmys and continue to win them!!!! It is so much fun because I've watched all the seasons, to see the same actors play completely different parts so well!!!!! Bravo, bravo, bravo to all!"
Charging 1.99 per episode for this twisted tale is just one thing I didn't like about his show. It didn't hold my attention like the original did and the story line got lost in between the head mother and twisted doctor vying for the spot of who's more devious than the other. I thought it would be more interesting but it really wasn't. I might watch one more episode just to see if they fix their misguided horror and make it into something more palatable for horror watchers than just gore."
Got hooked on the first season and the second season was even more twisted;;;loved it!...can't wait until season 3!....see if they can outdo themselves"
If you enjoyed the first season, give this one a shot! This is a masterfully done show, and I loved seeing actors from the first season take on new roles!"
This stuff is weird and seems like they write it as they go with no real plan in mind.  It is fun to watch however."
Not as good as the first season, in my opinion, but still the best horror I've ever seen on television. I highly recommend if you don't mind gory and sexually-charged themes and scenes. This show is great horror!"
I had to catch up on some episodes that I missed and this was a great choice. Great, clear picture."
I watched the first season and loved it. This second one is just as good. Love how they use the same actors from the first one in this one, but in entirely different roles."
This season was too dark and violent for me. I made it to episode 4 and thought why am I watching this. Seems like they just want to shock you into how depraved they can make the show. I will pass on the rest of the season."
Better than season one, and season one was good.  A little bit of everything and great story line.  Actors blended in with others quite well and the concept of a different story every season is a great idea."
What a potpourri of horror genres. Torture, Nazi experimentation, misdirected scientific experimentation, Satanism, evil both human and non-human, mental issue killers, angels of death, exorcism of the possessed, mutilation, mass murder - did I miss any? If anything it's a bit overindulgent. What does this (and similar) film tell us about us humans? Oh well!"
One of my favorite shows!! I love watching it. Season one is my favorite. Season two is just as a good to watch."
A mix of supernatural, sick minded writing and surprising directions await you in this series.  I typically don't rate each episode because of how episodes usually tie in one another to make the series.  I've watched each series and am now on the 3rd season.  I like both seasons 1 and 2, the acting has been top notch and they're using actors that play their parts well.  I like how each season is it's own and I like each season, so far.  Watch all of season 2, it's worth it!  Oh, and take my recommendation for season 3 as well!  It is awesome so far, I think it's called Coven."
Just like all the other seasons of American Horror Story, the writing and plot twists in this are amazing and will keep you wanting more. The intermingling of the characters and their plots is so well thought out and executed throughout the series. These writers take pride in their work and aren't just putting out a series to be putting it out there. They are putting out a well developed series that plays on old fears by adding new terrors to them.I highly recommend this series to everyone."
I'm Catholic and I don't like when Hollywood makes fun of my religion.  That said, I was worried that I'd be turned off American Horror Story in its second season because Jessica Lange portrays a nun and the season is set in a Catholic asylum for the insane.  I was concerned that Ryan Murphy would just make this a 13-episode attack on the Catholic Church.I love being wrong in a situation like this...and being surprised by a series.  I am a big horror fan but feel that the best and most scary movies in the genre were made in the 70s and 80s...and that ever since the advent of CGI horror stories have been mostly ridiculous...or they'd go the Scream route and be sarcastic and self-referential.I love what Ryan Murphy is doing with AHS and I'm someone who does not enjoy Glee or New Normal (Murphy's other two shows).While I think he does try to make political points, he's a great craftsman of horror.  The season one \"Murder House\" story was inventive and original...and has become one of my favorite haunted house stories of all time.  Season two's \"Asylum\" storyline (set in the early 1960s) is scary the way the Exorcist or The Omen were scary.  And the cast of actors assembled for this show is incredible.  I just love that many of them return from season to season, playing different parts.  I hope this continues for many years to come.I keep coming back to the word imaginative with this show because I honestly never know what's going to come at us on the screen next.  This Asylum season has a serial killer, aliens, demonic possession, Nazis, torture porn, and about a half dozen other things.  There's also a mystery set in the present as we find out what happened to the asylum to render it into ruins in our time.  I find myself sitting back and wondering what's going to happen next week once an episode ends.  And throughout the week, while waiting for the next installment, I think about what's going to come next too.I can't think of another show where I do this.A few years back, there was an anthology show called \"Masters of Horror\" on cable that I hoped would be a weekly, scary horror story...but it ended up being very hit or miss.  For me, American Horror Story delivers that sort of weekly, imaginative scare that I thought \"Masters of Horror\" would bring.  Each episode has some new twist in it...while continuing a cohesive story each season.  And then next season we get a new story.I really love this format and concept.  The show is very much worth your time...but it is not too gory and it is definitely not trying to force too much of Ryan Murphy's personal politics on you as I at first feared.  It's just a really great show that's way better than any horror movie I can think of made after the mid-1980s."
I think the producers and cast do a very good job staying on the edge that the first season started. A few things that require a leap of credibility b
AMERICAN HORROR STORY: ASYLUM (Season Two) takes the series to an even higher level of creepiness than Season One.Be warned, this show is not family viewing fun and those with weak hearts might want to stay away. If horror is your genre, then ASYLUM is not to be missed. The writers take us on a journey into a terrifying Asylum for the Insane run by not so saintly Catholic nuns. Be ready to squirm in your chair as you start this journey.Lovely Jessica Lange returns to AMERICAN HORROR STORY as Sister Jude. She runs BRIARCLIFF MENTAL INSTITUTION with a zeal that could melt steel. She's a troubled woman with a mysterious past and no heart or compassion for the inmates who are often more sane than their keepers. Decades have passed since her days as a screen sex symbol yet her sexiness hasn't faded. Here is one classy American actress not afraid to age gracefully to celebrate the lines in her once smooth porcelain face. It is a joy to see her back in Season Two in an even more diabolical role. Sister Jude the tormentor becomes the tormented. Lange delves into all sides of her role and does a fun fantasy scene where she sings the 60's song THE NAME GAME in her fantasy mind to the inmates. A fun break from the horrors we are all experiencing.Speaking about diabolical, how about a young innocent nun suddenly possessed by the devil? Throw in space aliens terrorizing some inmates and add in a demented doctor who may or may not have been a doctor in a Nazi Concentration camp. How do the writers find such juicy characters to fill the screen?Sister Jude has writer Lana Winters (Sarah Paulson) when she starts poking into the despicable conditions at Briarwood. Kit Walker (Evan Peters) has been sent to the institution for psychological evaluation after being arrested as the serial killer BLOODY FACE. Both are terrorized by Sister Jude and the evil Dr. Arden (James Cromwell). Kit and Lana join forces to escape and expose the evils of Briarwood but evil doctors and nuns and other worldly aliens keep getting in the way.ASYLUM is truly addictive. Each episode brings a new twist and another failed escape. The cast is just perfect in their roles as Season One Alumni Zachary Quinto and Dylan McDermottr return to ASYLUM. This cast was made in heaven. Singer Adam Levine is even in the mix. Lily Rabe is uncanny and mesmerizing as the sweet, innocent nun Sister Mary Eunice possessed by the devilThe episodes are scary and twisted. James Cromwell is the murderous Dr. Arden doing unspeakable experiments on the patients. Naomi Grossman also deserves special note as Pepper, the tragic \"pinhead.\" The make-up artists did a remarkable job of turning her into Pepper.One disappointment are the final two episodes where the writers seemed to have felt rushed to wrap up the series with a nice neat bow. No questions remain unanswered and everything is neatly resolved. The fates of all characters are clear and sometimes there is no need to cleanly end a series. The horror aspect is gone in the last two episodes though there is some suspense as the story is neatly finished. The writers seemed to skip a beat towards the end to just finally end the series.This series is so deliciously scary and viewer discretion is advised. The horror factor will unnerve many people but this is one amazing series full of twists and turns and characters are never who they seem to be. Well-written, well-acted and set in the perfect dismal, hopeless setting brings a realism to this show unparalled. If you like horror stories, don't miss ASYLUM."
I loved the 1st season and love the 3rd season, but never seemed to get interested in the 2nd. It must be because I might have missed an episode or two because I'm loving it now."
I am a HUGE fan of AHS season 1 and it is with sadness I can't say the same about Asylum.  When I realized what the creators were going to do with each season, I thought it was risky but brilliant.  I loved the idea; so I waited with anticipation for Asylum to start...they even have the actor from Babe...well know and uber talented added to the cast this year.  Zachary Quinto and Jessica Lange and Evan Peters back...I was SO stoked...then I watched it.  I tried, tried SO hard to love it like I did season one...but I just can't.  It isn't that there is too much going on...I don't like torture porn.  I find it trite and unnecessary.  So for those reasons I am out.  Here's hoping season 3, if there is one, is more along the lines of true horror instead of just horrific."
STARS ARE STELLAR.VERY DARK,SOME HUMOR,GREAT STORY.DESERVES A SEASON 3JESSICA LANGE AND JAMES CROMWELL DESERVE THE EMMY ."
This show is freaky.  I didn't get as many nightmares as the first season.  It's a solid, entertaining show.  If you like the Haunted House, you'll probably like Asylum."
Man, this was a great story!  Great acting!  Great everything.  I have a newfound respect for Jessica Lange.  She did an awesome acting job in this.  We were stunned how excellent this show was.  Highly recommend it."
this is definitenley not a show for anyone sensitive,this seasons storyline has been a bit more dark and intense a very edge of your seat type of season.It didnt dissapoint in any way which was s somthing i was afraid of after how good season one turned out to be,but this picked right up with that level of intensity,and a storyline leaving you not just wanting,but needing to know what happend next. A must reccomend for AHS fans. Id also reccomend this to anyone who enjoyed the Kingdom Hospital series"
I enjoyed the first series so there was no way I could miss the second.  I was not disappointed.  I have watched this over and over with friends and they all agree it is a scream!"
Best horror series ever!!!!!!!  Season two is even better than season 1!  Actors are great.  VERY good special effects, i highly recommend it!"
the story is messed up!! if you like gory death and messed up characters then you might enjoy it, i dont"
The asylum setup is phenomenal and use of references to an actual killer that happened in the past was a great touch. Also, who doesn't love a crazy house with aliens?"
Thats just wrong!\" You know the difference between that Santa and me? He only comes once a year!' lear's the psycho. Seeing Al Swearinton (sp) in this episode made my day. I knew it was gonna be rough when he showed up."
Due to the great acting, it is possible to begin to care about the characters you despise in the beginning.  In some aspects it hits close to the truth about some of the situations in early Asylums across the country (just add in a few more doses of creepiness...LOL)"
Jessica Lange is amazing. The rest of the cast is fantastic. This is a must watch series. It doesn't go anywhere near where you think it will."
I liked this season better than the last one and I enjoyed season one immensely.  Jessica Lange is amazing.  I look forward the Season three."
Scarier and more disturbing then season 1 and the acting is top notch as always. I wonder if Connie Britton and pal Hayden Panettierre from Nashville will decide to come over from season 3 if their show is cancelled. One can dream, although it seems a few online don't like Connie B. that much. Go figure. I wouldn't mind seeing Natasha Lyonne or Drew Droege on AHS season 3 either, but I'm getting ahead of myself. Season 2 has been great and I look forward to each episode even though I remain spooked after watching any episode that heavily features Bloody Face! LOL"
This is a good series, but you must watch it from the first episode to the end in order to follow all the complex characters and be able to tell the living from the dead."
This second series is better than the first it seems to fall in place faster and is really well produced with great sets, costumes and atmosphere. Also some good twists and turns, Jessica Lang steals the show again as Sister Jude along with James Cromwell -just such fine actors, -who, no matter how far fetched the story line they become the characters convincingly.The entire cast works really well in this series I have enjoyed every episode"
I enjoyed this season, but not quite as much as season 1.  The acting is phenomenal.  As another reviewer said, &#34;if you like creepy and weird this show is for you.&#34;"
I have to say that it was harder to get into than season one BUT this is a great show with a great cast and I can not wait for season 3!!"
Don:t get it. _enjoyed the first season. This one doesn:t capture my interest from the first episode. Kinda of wondered what happened to the first family. _thought they would continue it."
Love this season love that they brought back my favorite characters from last season amazing show. Love it a lot"
I love this series! Jessica Lang is so awesome, she has got some mad acting skills. Can't wait to see the other episodes"
Love this movie, my only regret is I should have bought the HD one instead of the 780HD The story is really good especially the part of the song number The Name Game!"
I can't stop watching it. The acting is fantastic. The story is riveting. I can't say enough good things about this show. Just watch it for yourself. Jessica Lange deserves special mention for her portrayal of sister Jude. Haven't seen her since the 1960's King Kong. Where has she been? What a great actress."
Super-creepy, excellent show!  Jessica Lange is amazing, the rest of the cast is fantastic, too!  Great show for the Halloween season, great show all year round."
Ok, so I am not big on Aliens or Nuns but this show is the greatest.  From the crazed patients to the even more crazed staff, the story line is weird but keeps you hooked.  Better then Season 1.  Can't wait for Season 3."
Who is in charge of the zoo ? Watch to find out. 1 of the few show available for free with Amazon 90.00 a year Prime membership.Be prepared to pay a hugh price for season three available for free with other pay services."
I really love this show it is addictive, even though I normaly dont like horror storys. It is a little rough, but has great story lines, and plots"
This one had it all!! I don't think the writers missed a single trick and made it work! I liked the first season a good bit, but this second season blew me away. Not for young kids (lots of blood and senseless violence)."
I watched the entire first season over the course of a few days via Netflix rentals and enjoyed everything except the ending which I thought was a bit corny. Im halfway through season two and it seems to take itself a little more seriously. this show is like watching a greatest hits of horror and sci fi movies, you could make a game of spotting the obvious references from past films. The Exorcist for one comes to mind. I think the acting and casting are excellent and the inclusion of an actual &#34;pinhead' will put a lot of people in shock having never seen this birth defect before. The reality of human imperfections really freak people out (pun not intended). Only crusty old hippies like myself remember Zap comix Zippy the Pinhead comic books. I was so impatient to see season 2 I spent the 20+ dollars here on Amazon to watch it. I cant wait to see what they come up with if there is a season 3. I hope this helps those debating weather to take the financial plunge to watch this now or not, Im glad I did."
This season has just completed on TV... Now I can watch the entire program all at once.... a Great way for a rainy or snowy day...  Who ever writes these programs, has a very unique imagination... BUT once again, it makes you THINK"
This series is going to be as good as the first although I sat through the entire first season in one night.  These writers and director have it pegged.  Keep up the good work, scare and frighten us again and again.  I love the off the wall experiences written in such a light.  Life is real and we don't, as a society, know the half of it.  Long live Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk, a pair of great writers....keep thinking out of the box."
fisrt my son and daughter started watching this and talking aboutit then i took a peek now just call me tom"
I liked the first season quite a lot, but I kinda felt that it kept you hanging. American Horror Story: Asylum tied up the second season very well. I had thought the second season would be a continuation of the first. Instead it's a new story line with new characters. However, some of the stars from the first season return as different characters. At first, I thought this was bizarre, but no it's refreshing. The actors in this TV series are really good at what they do. Namely, Evan Peters and Jessica Lange do a wonderful job! I'm so excited to get started on Season 3: Coven. What a great show!"
The first season of american horror story is truly a horror classic. It was about the theme of a haunted evil house and it did better than most people ever did. This one is serveral genres all mixed together. and everyone of these are genres in other horror shows: 'it's got mad nazi scientists creating monsters, it's got evil nuns, it's got satan possessing people, it's got a brutal  asylum,  a serial killer, aliens who kidnap people, maniac christmas killers who dress like santa!. Every one of those was featured in some horror movie seperately. This means that this one just goes flying into all of these ideas at once. It's not near as good as the classic first season but it's still very wild horror tv! You have some really great actors in this one too. Jessica lange is of course great in this , as you would expect. But everyone else does  a fine job too. Still it's got so many types of genres in this , that I am not surprised that some people will hate this. I hope that next season , they don't try to have so many horror elements in one show! although it was interesting as a expirement to see this mish mash of genres! Oh yeah , I left out the deranged man who picks up the hitchiker plotline. )one episode).  this one is not for the squemish and it should offend you. This one has to be the most deranged tv show ever broadcast on american tv. So far. It's still good though and may become legendary in that regard even if they come up with something more deranged this one is still the one that melded so many horror genres together and somehow pulled it off. And it did it first."
A really good, scary show that doesn't include gun violence, thank God. These folks know how to spin a tale that's oddly in tune with our times. I&#34;m a little put-off by all the time shifting of the plot lines. I'm never quite sure which century I'm in. Nonetheless, great cast, lots of plot twisting. Well worth your time."
This is season two of the most intellectual horror story on TV. A departure from season one in that now the scene is in a insane asylum run by devilish nuns. Very cool story."
This show is genuinely scary with a excellent plot and great actor's. Very well written and thought provoking. Every episode slaps you in the face with a viewpoint you have never considered."
Just finished the first season and moved on to the 2nd.  It has nothing to do with the first, but some of the actors/actress's have returned from the first season.  This series is refreshing to watch, and i'd recommend it to anyone that enjoys thrillers/horror movies/tv shows."
My DVR missed the first Episode, so had to get elsewhere, and found here on Amazon.  If you are a horror fan, it is crazy, sick and twisted series, with great actors in it."
I was on board for Season One, which had its thrills and chills. Season Two is different. Its twisted, its demented, its surprising stuff to even be on tv. I wouldn't let kids or young teens watch it. Its messed. But its also different and refreshing and tells a great story."
The first season of American Horror story was very unique and attention grabbing,When we heard the 2nd season was to take place in an Insane Asylum, we thought ... &#34;Oh yeah&#34; ... should be really good ... perfect setting.Well one complaint people had with the first season was an over-reliance on sex scenes to grab attention.That same thing appears in ASYLUM, but pushed even further (and to a bit of an excessive and silly extreme).But beyond that ........... something about this season simply failed to live up to potential.The setting of the insane asylum was not really used to best advantage and there was not really a good central story or theme this time around.As others have said, it felt more like random ideas thrown at a wall just to see what would stick and what would shock.I must say the 3rd season COVEN has already lost our attention completely.We quit watching.We really were excited by this series after seeing the first season, but for us at least ........ it failed to deliver and just became a mish-mash of random images and scenes meant to try and visually shock the viewer without really engaging them in a compelling story or plot.Honestly -- I think I see why Jessica Lange has voiced her intentions to leave the series and do no more of these."
I like the idea of having a single story arc each season. Also, the same actors play different roles from season to season and it's interesting to see from story to story."
This season was even more disturbing and gruesome than the first, but Jessica Lange is so fantastic, I had to keep watching.  Seeing her character's transformation was worth suffering through all the cringe-worthy, brutal scenes."
I love the story lines and the characters. You have to pay attention as it goes back and forth from future, past and present but AHS is awesome. Some of the episodes in this season were a little boring though and left me wondering if I liked it and then it got better again."
I really hope that they make Season 3 of American Horror Story...it is a great show with excellent writing, acting and story!  A++++"
Loving season 2! The first few episodes of season 1 had me watching with lights on. Season 2 hasn't been as frightening in the \"ghost story\" sense, but it has been terrifying on many other levels. The asylum setting (and the people who may or may NOT belong there) gives me alot of anxiety. The storylines are interesting. The writing is sick, twisted, and brilliant. And the acting is superb--Jessica Lange rocks it once again as a deranged and vindictive nun and Sarah Paulson is a sight to behold. This is not a continuation of the first season (come on people, do you NOT have internet access?!). Some of the actors are the same, but their characters--and the storyline--are completely different. If you are not enjoying season 2--you're doing it WRONG!"
First off let me say Jessica Lang is superb. She is brilliant and what a pleasure it is to see first class acting - a rare thing these days.This series is very creative, dark, twisted, intelligent and fantastically done.Thank you to all who are involved in the creation!"
This is a very exciting and turn of event series.  It never sleeps...packed with surprises.  It really draws you in and doesn't let you go.  Definately makes you come back for more.  The actors were incredible with each one perfect for their part.  I would say for sure that this series is for the adult who is not afraid of a little blood and guts."
the thriller  and suspense are very well done,  the acting is great . I can't wait to watch the third  season"
I thought season 2 was even better than season 1. It is really nice to have many of the cast members return from season 1 in a brand new story. I am a huge fan of Jessica Lang so was really happy to see her return. I can't really talk about the story without giving too much away, but give it a try if you enjoyed season 1 I think you will like this even more. If you haven't seen season 1 give it a try.For anyone from Massachusetts.....the building reminds me of Tewksbury state hospital back in the 70's & 80's....really creepy!!"
This years second season actually trumps last years premier season - Jessica Lang is fantastic as is the entire cast. The show has spectacular production values, superb perfomrances abound and enough twists, turns an secondary story lines to keep you guessing and glued to the show. And the best part is no commercials whatsoever! The HD is flawless as is the sound. As for the streaming - ZERO buffering and the show loads immediatley. Just a fun, creepy and compelling show that's both well concieved, well written and abounds with a dark and delicous spooky atmosphere"
They really don't hold back in this show. It's the kinda of show you watch repeatedly. It's really not that graphic either, this makes my top 5 TV shows."
OMG  ( Murders, exorcism, gore, betrayal, torture, and tons of horror ) I just watched this I swear to god season 2 is even more creepy, scarry, and gory then season one. It starts with a beautiful young couple exploring old delapitated ( Briarcliff ) asylum, their tour leads them to a room where they stop for a little lovemaking before continuing, they hear a noise and stop quickly leaving the room. A murderer is also there, along with a couple more horrible surprises, it soon turns into a bloody struggle of life and deathLater it shows how the former asylum dubbed the hell hole by me began it;s descent into a horrid hell on earth for the poor unfortunate souks trapped inside it's dismal gray walls. It is run by a hard ? nun Sister Jude played by ( Jessica Lange ) trust me you'll grow to hate her character later on there is a twist. Keep your eyes on the cute sweet young blonde nun oh there is a big surprise there, there are murderers, a demonic possession. A foolish young female reporter sneaks into Briarcliff to investigate the place and do an expose revealing the atrocities inside but she's caught and held there as a patient and her nightmare beginsI do not want to spoil it for ya but a sample lamp shade made of human skin is a real gross attention getter, the murders and murder scenes are excellently done and are very realistic looking. There are plenty of plot twists, Kit Walker a kind young man wrongly accused of murdering women is sent there, the shocker is who the real killer turns out to be, gasp. There is some fleshy goings on and I am immensely grateful they did not have cannibals or flesh eating zombies in it"
I enjoyed the first season of this show but this one about a Catholic run asylum I just couldn't stomach enough to even get past the third show.if next season is anything like this one count out this viewer."
Cool but the first season was better.  Its dark.. Creepy.. And the characters develop well.  But I liked the ghosts.  The asylum is more twisted but less interesting."
I watched the first season and thought it was very entertaining and thought provoking. started this season and was disappointed at the change of venue."
I loved the first season, but I was not interested in this second season. I would recommend the first season to my friends that are interested in horror films."
You have got to watch these shows!  I hope they keep making more!  Believe me, once you start watching, you just can't stop!!"
The actors, the plot and the story line are all a modern work of art.  Love this season and looking forward to more installments of this fabulous show.  Is truly creepy at times, and sometimes I get scared watching it alone, late at night!"
Love the twisted ins and outs of the plots ! Great series ! Always the best programs on prime ! I dropped other programming prime has all I need !"
He is seriously scaring the sh!t out of me. Jessica Lange's performance in this episode is flat out amazing. Watching her play this character is probably the only reason I'll stick around for the rest of the season. I just can't get in to the bloody face, aliens, mutants-in-the-woods, exorcist stuff. Somebody just kill Adam Levine, already. Also, I GET IT RYAN MURPHY, Catholics are bad and you are scared of vaginas."
Great show with a great plot. Some pretty revolting scenes b
This was my TV destination in January.  I did like season 1 better, but this story was still very enjoyable.  I like seeing the cast playing different parts (acting).  The story had a nice payoff.  I think maybe season 1 was better because it was more focused on just one horror story genre/event....season 2 perhaps tried to take too much on.  (trying to avoid spoilers)"
I think setting this show in an asylum gives it an opportunity for much more interesting stories and characters.  It was hard to stay with one family in one house last season.  By the end of season one I was exhausted and not willing to take so many leaps of faith.  This season is already a huge improvement because the weirdness is spread around.  Like all Ryan Murphy series, this one is very stylish with great music and a great cast"
Once you have watched the first season, this second season is a must.  Different situation & characters but the same type of action, edge of your seat action.  Great Show!"
I didn't like it at all.  The same characters are used as in the first season playing different parts.  I didn't find it interesting but more on the bizarre & weird side.  There was no &#34;tie in&#34; into the first season's parts played by the same actors like I had hoped.  The writers are borrowing from aliens to &#34;Snake Pit&#34; to Hitler's reign with no continuity."
Violent and heartless.  No storyline that I can tell except how brutel can people be to each other. Don't buy."
I love this series. The first season had me hooked. I love twisted! The characters leave you thinking.....their development is great without spoon feeding it to the watcher. Your left with your own mind to figure out why the insane look more normal than you do. If shows like &#34;JigSaw&#34; bore you...this is the series for you. I like the gore....but gore without justification is just stupid. No killer just kills....there is always reasons behind the kill. This series is so good....you almost root for the insane guy....almost! This is like taking a nice long drag on a cigarette...when you haven't smoked in 10 years. You get a bit heady hearing the tobacco burn as you begin to inhale....the glow of the cigarette comes to life as you inhale. You hold it just for a few seconds to get that little buzz only a cigarette can give (That is what this series is like...) and before you know it your exhaling.... the grey of the smoke washing over your body and it's all over too soon. Your left wanting more!!!"
This is my favorite of all the AHS seasons! What a plot!!! This show has everything and then some! Hey, it's currently free on prime!!!!"
I liked last years series, spooky and kept it interesting. This year they went wacko with the writing. It is disgusting and downright gross. Glad I didn't purchase the whole season! I love suspense, but not the sadistic torture, it lost the story line & focuses on cutting people up for fun. Really sad that this show has 5 star comments.  I cant watch people abusing, torturing & cutting their limbs off people. It's sick & very disturbing!"
The story line is easy to follow if you know that this season is VERY different than the last; both equally as good, but different. The way that this show teases you with the old adage of &#34;karma is a B___&#34; is just classic. Not so terrifying to me as I found it more sick and twisted."
I hope that every season just gets better and better.  I so look forward to enjoying this show when the new season begins."
The first season really hit home with the supernatural and historical referencing, but this time around they just left me hoping that they'd leave this storyline behind and go back to the shows roots."
The second season of American Horror Story was sub-titled &#8220;Asylum&#8221; and set in 1964 at the Briarcliff Mental Institution in Massachusetts.  Sister Jude (Jessica Lange) and Sister Mary Eunice (Lily Rabe) help run the facility that was founded by Monsignor Timothy Howard (Joseph Fiennes) to treat the mentally and criminally insane. Psychiatrist Dr. Oliver Thredson (Zachary Quinto) and scientist Dr. Arthur Arden (James Cromwell) treat the patients within the facility.  In addition to Lange, Rabe, and Quinto, other actors returning from the show&#8217;s first season include Evan Peters as accused serial killer Kit Walker, Sarah Paulson as the wrongfully committed journalist Lana Winters, Dylan McDermott as Johnny Morgan, and Frances Conroy as the Angel of Death.As with the debut season, Asylum populates it show with a wide array of colorful and disturbing characters, nearly all of whom have secrets to hide.  Sister Jude was once a nightclub singer who accidentally killed a young girl in a drunk-driving hit and run 1949; Dr. Arden is a former Nazi war criminal who experiments on patients, mutating them with ghoulish results; Dr. Thredson is a psychiatrist and serial killer who actually committed the murders Walker is accused of, and got himself assigned to Walker&#8217;s case to make sure he could pin the murders on him; Lana Walters is a journalist who went undercover to expose the hospital&#8217;s mistreatment of patients but found herself committed when her lesbian lover betrayed her to preserve their secret love affair&#8230;after being blackmailed by Sister Jude.Sister Jude and Dr. Arden clash frequently over running the facility and the methods used to do so.  Sister Mary Eunice is a nave but loyal nun who becomes possessed by a demon during an exorcism and later allies with the sadistic Dr. Arden.  Dr. Thredson at first says he wants to help Lana escape the prison but when she discovers his secret, he takes her prisoner and rapes her.  She becomes pregnant with his child who will grow up to become a serial killer himself, Johnny Morgan.There are so many plotlines that run through American Horror Story: Asylum that it&#8217;s impossible to summarize all of them in a short review.  Some of these tend to end rather abruptly and shockingly, such as with the final fates of Sister Mary Eunice and Dr. Arden but the key to the show is the actors.  From top to bottom it may well be the finest acted serialized show on TV.  Jessica Lange turns in another sterling performance as does Paulson and Quinto.  Cromwell is over-the-top creepy as Dr. Arden, and Rabe again plays a character who ways back and forth between innocence and pure, unadulterated crazy.  One of the show&#8217;s many highlights included a toe-tapping, hand-clapping rendition of the &#8220;Name Game&#8221; song in episode 10.  The show managed to tie most of its diverse story arcs together with a finale set a couple of decades in the future where we learn what happened to Lana, Sister Jude, Kit, and Johnny Morgan.It&#8217;s a surprise to me that the show still doesn&#8217;t seem to get the media exposure it deserves as one og the best-written and acted shows anywhere."
Unlike in most of today's movies which are made with using unnecessary sex scenes that doesn't necessarly add much to the story and disgusting blood and guts scenes to validate it a horror show or movie; this program does use some very brief displays of these tactics but it is done with a bit more tact.  The plot isn't really obvious as to what may happen next and had surprised me when what I expected to happen didn't take place.  If you  are looking for the typical classic monster horror story (like the Wolfman, Dracula or Frankenstein) this isn't it.  What this is, is more of a real-life type of horror story of unethical practices and warped values of people in charge of an insane asylum and the people they are suppose to be taking care of but who really end up their victims.  Thrown in this mix is an evil spirit who possesses a young nun who works in the asylum. The chaos and the several sub-plots of the characters who make this production are quite interesting and it is this which keeps me coming back for more and to see what is going to happen next."
AWESOME!!!!  look forward to season 3 and season 2 is not finished yet! thank God for amazon instant video, I no longer have cable so I can order these on my roku!"
The asylum was intense and pretty crazy. The best was actress Jessica Lang, with Zachary Quinto also being pretty intense in later episodes, love that blonde guy in the series also...the female writer is annoying(sorry) I think the first installment/season is THE BEST in the series, but season three is also a favorite of mine(the coven). Ranking them in order of quality story telling: season 1, season 3, season 2 would be my preference."
I love fiction with good guys and bad guys. This show has them all. It's just creepy enough to be real. That in itself will scare you to death. It's a tough thing to watch when evil prevails."
For what it's worth, Jessika Lang is really, really good in this.  She pulls off the Boston accent much better than the syrupy VA accent she tried to pull off in the first season (God, I hope she's not from VA, I'll feel like an idiot).  This show, as many have described, is really pretty silly.  Throw aliens, gamma rays, Nazi's, Catholic run sanitorium, mass and serial murder and gore into one show and BAM!!!Fun, but get ready for some real goof ball soap opera horror...minus the horror."
an excellent cast, but the alien aspect was a bit unnecessary and silly. the storyline was compelling, sufficiently gory, worth watching!"
A very interesting series.We have seen both seasons and I can say that they topped the first season with AHS: Asylum. the performances by the actors, and actresses were all top notch. Can't wait for season three AHS: Coven."
The first season was awesome and so is this one!  You never know what will happen next!!! HIGHLY recommend!Thea acting is so good and the suspense will keep you watching!"
Just be glad you don't have to visit this place!  The actors all give powerful performances here: Quinto as a psychiatrist who is also a serial killer; Dylan McDermott as his evil spawn, Sarah Paulson as a journalist who is trapped as an inmate; the incomparable Jessica Lange, who also becomes a prisoner after a spell of running the place with an iron fist; and more.  Very creepy, bloody, violent and disturbing--so clearly not for everyone."
Loved first season.. loved second season. Looking forward to what they come up with for the next &#34;American Horror Story&#34;"
Just when you think this story line cant get any crazier.....guess what? You are left picking your jaw up off the floor. And when you say to yourself, &#34;WOW, THIS CAN'T GET ANY BETTER.&#34; It shocks you more and more each episode. You catch yourself eagerly watching the calendar to see what day it is,  to watch this, and when you get down to the day that it airs, you find yourself counting down the hours. I LOVE THIS SHOW!!!! I will admit that its probably not for everyone because its bizarre and violent at times. But, give it a chance. I think this show is ground breaking."
Season three has been a cliffhanger that has clearly left Alaska. Although I am still rooting for the young kid that has worked at his grandfathers gold mine in Alaska for most of his life. Given his &#34;education &#34; fund of enough gold to put him through college probably twice, but he has decided instead to fund his first endeavor of working a claim that is all his. Diamonds or malaria for the Hoofmans? Will they find fortune in gold or diamonds and other precious jewels. For newbies that had a difficult time learning the ins and outs of gold mining, will they be able to even know what they are looking at? Raw jewels are far from those that you find at your local Jewelry store."
The crews in the Klondike have ramped up gold production and are trying to get more gold and have better equipment.  The crews in lower Alaska have been struggling, but have had some great drama.  Very happy with how the season is shaping up so far and look forward to each show."
if you are reading this review you already know what the show is about in season three is no disappointment. Definitely worthwhile and worth the money"
Stupid is as stupid does. What a cluster f.... mess These poor souls find disaster everyway they go. I finally started feeling sorry for them but most of there woes they bring on themselves. If you are really bored maybe watch it.Chuck"
Watching these guys from Season 1, I've seen how they've developed into real gold miners.  Other than watching them on T.V., I obviously don't know any of these guys.  I can't help but get behind them and support them season-after-season, episode-after-episode, just as I would with any of my friends and family.  Dakota Fred and his crew really impressed me this season.  I questioned Todd Hoffman's decision-making the entire season, but his crew did a fine job under his leadership.  It was fun watching Parker explore the Big Nugget Mine, searching for any ground left that may have gold.  Best season, yet!"
Great reality show 5 starsLove to watch an American Dream come TrueWould Highly Recommend this Show to anyone who loves an Adventure."
My husband and I have always enjoyed the Gold Rush show. We have enjoyed all three series. It's real, exciting, down to earth and just great family entertainment. You get the feeling you're actually looking for gold right there in your living room. It makes us want to get out and find some real gold. Amazon makes it possible for us to enjoy watching the Gold Rush without having to pay high cable or satelite bills each month. In today's times with the economy being in such bad shape I thank God for Amazon."
This show takes in all the ups and downs of trying to become financially independent and creating a team effort to achieve success."
After two years of a steep learning curve , Todd and his crew proved they can mine well .Where will they next attempt Gold Mining ? Perhaps South America .I do hope they have learned the importance of , &#34; Drill Before You Dig &#34; .Fred had better return next season with some Serious Digging equipment to retrieve the goldstill eluding him in The Glory Hole .Will Parker return to his grandfather's mine and improve the road to the adjoining claim ,or spend the summer working at a location with &#34; better scenery &#34; ?"
Amazing!!!! Go team Hoffman! I love being a prime member.....Please don't cancel this show like all the other good ones"
I think so far this season I am liking the show a lot more. The hoffman group is way better than the other two this season. Honestly I want them to drop the whiney 19 year old from the show. He needs a good ass whipping, spoiled brat is really stupid.Dokota is still entertaining. Mostly because he fixes things that most people would never be able to. Despite it not always working out.Really my only gripe this season is the 19 year old brat is back. I get it they are pandering to a younger demographic, but dam the kid is annoying. Throws tantrums and the grownups have to talk him down all the time."
I would not pay to watch this show it reruns constantly on regulartv. most of these guys don't know what they are doing. they are diggingup gravel and dirt thinking are are going to be millionaires. the mostexciting thing is figuring what the next crisis is going to be andwhich piece of makeshift equipment is going to break next."
my husband love this show he is addcited to it and loves it very much and will not turn it off."
its amazing what these guys have to put up with for a little gold! Don't knkow if i could do it! Love this show. Wish I didn't have to pay for each episode!"
I am a fan of this show, every season. It is really GREAT reality TV. Unlike the programs with pretty people in them, this is real life drama.  This is a dramatic story of never giving up and how to overcome adversity over and over again for a dream.  After three seasons, this episode seems to be the one where all the miners finally have the best victory of all, but only after literally three years of struggle and adversity.  This is real, this is not staged what so ever. These guys are in the middle of no where in Alaska, mining for gold. This episode has a brilliant and beautiful surprise ending that really moves you."
since i get the bill he watches the favorites he likes or the newest avail he must like it i havent watched it yet"
Todd is the ultimate leader.  He could convince people to dig for gold anywhere lol, great show with lots of real drama"
Gold fever baby! Hey Todd can u say ADHD! LOL. Hoping for a season 4.  Guess Dakota Fred has figured out the true cost of Karma...off the backs of others, right up his @$$. ;-)"
This program offers a really different perspective of the main character. He is more than flawed he borders on being an extremely sad, sick man."
Christopher has been in too many dark works since leaving Dr. Who---I loved him in that role and really missed him. Who needs one more crummy politician----"
Well played by Chris Eccleston. Really believed his distress as his life unravels in a series of flashbacks caused by his destructive alcoholism."
'Blackout' is what I would call a tense, character driven, political 'Neo Noir Thriller' series from BBC. Christopher Eccleston effortlessly plunges himself into the role of an abject alcoholic who still just does manage on as a respected councilman. He has many flaws - prostitutes, drinking, and work fraud to name a few - but his fatal flaw, which we don't ever really get any kind of clinical read on, is one of self-hatred. Never-the-less, with his one sober-fueled but brain-numbed act of gravitas, our sad protagonist changes direction and begins a very interesting, yet fraught-filled course.The premise of this series is quite interesting. There are those who are evil and we know it, and there are kinds of evil operating behind the scenes, so-to-speak, that keep us off balance.Eccleston handles himself very well as the lead, Daniel Demoys. In fact, this was my first opportunity to see him in a lead role and I was very impressed. Demoys' wife (Alex), Dervla Kirwan, is also a heavy hitter in this series. She more than carries her role, as usual. The busy actor, Ewan Bremner(Jerry Durrans), brings intensity and drama with his deep set, closely paired eyes sitting atop that hawk-like nose, drilling his opponents down with however much authority he wishes to personify.As an aside, the Producers/Directors have dealt very well with inserting the cycle of alcoholism and family dynamics into the series. That is something of which we do not see enough.'Blackout' ends in such a way that can be considered resolved or, hopefully BBC will consider following the lives and crimes of those we are left wondering about. So many loose ends or further mysterious trails to ponder...?"
There is a lot going on in the heavily stylized three part British miniseries \"Blackout\" and I don't always mean that as a compliment.  I was drawn to this presentation due to the involvement of Christopher Eccleston, an actor that I almost always find fascinating to watch.  While he gives a largely successful performance, the actual adaptation is overwrought and even borders on preposterous.  It may seem like an unusual feat to make something that is simultaneously over-simplified and over-complicated, but that's just what \"Blackout\" has done.  As a study of addiction, of infidelity, and of political machinations, \"Blackout\" is a show that had a lot of interesting themes to work with.  But nothing is explored in any real detail or depth, so there isn't much with which to emotionally connect.  And it doesn't help that the political side story is just plain silly!  To compensate for some of the plot's shortcomings, the show is fashioned as a quick-edited and jarring nightmare that leaps around in time.  While this disorientation might be a good approach in an addiction drama, it doesn't disguise the implausibility within the narrative structure of the program.Eccleston plays an alcoholic City Councilman who is caught up in corruption with a local builder.  After an intense confrontation kicks off Episode One, Eccleston awakes with only a vague memory of the previous night's events.  However, something seems amiss as he's covered in blood and the nefarious builder is in the hospital.  We see the scene repeatedly in short staccato bursts of memory, but can Eccleston piece together what happened and stay out of trouble?  A young woman. presumably a prostitute, was also on hand and her involvement with Eccleston is something that the viewer has to decipher with time.  As Eccleston's world seems to be crumbling, an unexpected act of violence brands him a national hero.  And this deeply flawed man has a chance to ascend to power.  Is this a time for cover-up or is it a time for redemption?  While this twist literally made me laugh out loud, I never believed it for a moment.While loud and over-produced, I did enjoy the set-up of \"Blackout.\"  And the ridiculous twist was mightily entertaining. But I had a couple of major issues with the remainder of this three-parter.  The mystery is never particularly compelling, and the political power Eccleston wields never rings true.  Originally set up as a puppet leader, he grows more resistant and altruistic.  SLIGHT SPOILER:  As the show needs to come to an end, in one miraculously scene, he ends contract corruption once and for all within the city!  Easy as this, one man made a decision in one night and revolutionized the entire city government!  That's how things work, right?  END SLIGHT SPOILER.  In the end, I just didn't think \"Blackout\" was smart enough to work as a great political thriller but it also lacked the humor necessary to make it a pleasing potboiler.  An exercise in style over substance, you will have to overlook a lot in the plotting of \"Blackout\" to get much enjoyment out of the rather dour affair.  KGHarris, 12/12."
The story kept the kids entertained for almost three days. It gave me a major break from their antics. Even I liked it until the kids made me see it over and over and over..."
My daughter, and son, love the characters in Pixie Hollow universe.  It is always nice to have a show that has a good message and you don't have to worry to much as a parent if your kids watch it.  Definitely would recommend!"
I thought this was going to be a longer movie when they started advertising this on Disney, its only 22 minutes long but its a fun movie for the kids and us parents that watch with the kids.  I wish it was a longer movie, but its still a good little show for you to put on for your kids and let them watch it while you finish dinner or if you let them watch a show before bed time.  Reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is only because of it being short, but quality of the movie is really good."
My daughter and I have enjoyed the Disney Fairies movies and shorts. Well done and smooth quality animation. Not stiff animation like other direct to DVD animated movies."
My daughter loves it.  Wants to watch it as soon as she gets up in the morning. Not focused on tinkerbell but she does make an appearance."
It's longer than a normal short- just over 20 minutes. The story line centers on Rosetta and Chloe. Chloe has been training for the Pixie Hollow Games. Rosetta is terrified of dirt, ironic considering she is a garden fairy. Rosetta gets over her fear when Rumble basically said she needs to go back to just being pretty. This was a good natured show in the spirit of all the other Disney Fairies stories. I wasn't sure how I would like this one, but I'm glad I saw it because I actually really liked it a lot. If your family is a fan of the Disney Fairies franchise, this is definitely for you!!"
another fantastic addition to the tinkerbell series. they never cease to amaze me. this short movie is included with Secret of the Wings if  you get the blu-ray 3D/DVD set (deluxe one). it is only on the dvd. great quick story for the kid to watch before bed.wonderful story of friendship, overcoming challenges, teamwork, and sportmanship.every tinkerbell story thus far leaves you with a good and warm feeling afterwards and this is no different. my advice, just buy the deluxe set for secret of the wings."
This is a Disney Fairy short program about some fairy games.  It is entertaining but also teaches about teamwork and not being selfish.  Tinkerbell is not the main focus, Rosetta and another garden fairy are but it is very good.  My daughter has probably watched it 50 times in three months."
We bought this for our granddaughters, and they just love this movie game. The great thing about Amazon Instant Movie it that we can watch it from any device. We just love being Amazon Prime Members."
I didn't enjoy this program about a young woman who tries to con all her roommates in NYC.  Their isn't anything funny about stealing money or bothering your roommate while she is at work."
okay show... i think the first season was better, but its still a great watch..no issues with playno issues with purchaseno issues at all!"
This show was genius. Dark, moody, off beat, hilarious. If you are offended easily, stay away.Krysten Ritter was a spectacular 'villain' as the evil roommate who can't stop torturing her wide eyed NYC newbie from Indiana.James Van Der Beek : true greatness poking fun at a somewhat fictionalized version of himself, aided by a priceless sidekick- his assistant, Luther.This show was truly greatness and if only Nielsen had then been counting online audiences, it may have been able to stick around.Catch the two seasons on Amazon or the 'lost' (new) episodes are also on the ABC app."
while this wasn't my typical kind of sitcom, a little too edgy for me, it was still funny enough that I was willing to watch. Then it 'jumped the shark' with really crude language, as is typical with sitcoms these days. Apparently the writers mistake crude and graphic language for humor or else they assume the viewer won't know the difference. Sad."
This is a very funny show. Don't know why they cancelled it. Krysten Ritter, Dreama Walker, James Van Der Beek & Ray Ford were excellent in it."
I freakin love this show its so funny...I just wish it was longer, and im not sure if they will come out with a 3rd season, but I hope so"
I started out watching this show in Season 1, because the name got me curious. I don't normally like sitcoms and I am not a fan of the whole Odd Couple routine, so I was surprised to really like this TV show. Somehow everyone on the show makes you like them even Chloe for all her narcissistic, rather evil scheming ways who really can't help but find herself being positively influenced by her sweet girl-next-door roommate June. Who actually is the only one that really gets Chloe and can stand up to her at the same time.Having James Van Der Beek on the show playing himself and poking sly fun at the whole celebrity/Hollywood crowd is an added bonus of fun and he and the two lead actresses, Krysten Ritter, Dreama Walker, should be walking away with armloads of Emmys for their being able to generate a comedy show that's fresh, funny and naughty in the best way possible.I never know what an episode will bring, everyone makes me laugh, and the snarky satirical moments they manage to slip in that sometimes say more about society's ills than any trumpeting politician ever can are brilliant. Everyone should watch this show and please, please, please never switch out the writers who do this or pressure Krysten's Chloe to be a little less bad or Dreama's June to be a little less goody-goody.They are the perfect Odd Couple girl team.UPDATE: I was so heartbroken when they canceled this show. And then the remaining unaired episodes for Season 2 were released making me realize that Yes Virginia, there really IS a Santa Claus after all. Even if my name isn't Virginia I feel like it's Christmas morning anyways. :D"
One of the few shows that makes me laugh it loud! Quick humor ....so much fun!!I hope they renew it for many more seasons!!!"
Why are so many people writing negative reviews about this? This was the funniest show on tv. It's a crime that abc cancelled it and I'm so happy it's on DVD. All you negative reviewers if you aren't a fan of the show why'd you buy this? Yes it's a std DVD w/ no bells and whistles and no matter how it was manufactured the quality is spot-on. I'm thrilled I have this to remember the funniest damn show on tv. So relax and laugh. It's ah-maze-ing!!!"
I really love this show.  It's so quirky.  There's nothing else like it on TV and I can't think of another show like it in the past.  It's more like watching standup sketch comedy on stage...only this is a TV show.Every actor in this is just so unique...and they do a great job with their oddball characters.  I especially like Jane and her husband Brad...they are so funny together and play off each other so well.I live in Chicago and this show is supposed to be set in Chicago, but clearly they film it all on soundstages in LA.  That's okay, though.  They don't really try to fake being in Chicago and don't even make references to real Chicago locations all that often.  It's kind of fun to see Hollywood try to depict Chicago...instead of it trying to depict a fake version of New York (like on Friends and other shows).I find myself able to watch episodes of Happy Endings over and over again.  If there's nothing else on and I want something on in the background as I'm cleaning or doing other things, I put this show on.  It's so fun and the wordplay is so rapid fire and quick that I pick up jokes here and there that I might have missed on the first viewing."
I highly recommend watching this show it is hilarious. Great light comedy, really terrific acting Amazing cast. A+++++++ I love every season the show just keeps gettting better"
Happy Endings is one of the best comedies on network TV right now. This season has been hilarious and so well done. I'm so grateful that Amazon has it as an Instant Video watch!"
This show always has at least a few really great gags. I find myself laughing out loud (even one time in the airport while waiting for my plane...pretty embarrassing but unavoidable!). The ensemble is very good."
The most interesting part of this story as that the starts didn't survive this episode. It will be intersting to see what happens in hte fuure. Not a movie for the faint of heart to be sure."
The UNcensored NC-17 version of Universal Soldier - Day of Reckoning is an above average sci-fi/action movie, nowhere near as good as its predecessor Regeneration, though. However despite the director's promise that the uncensored version will be released for home media this is not the case here. I don't buy INCOMPLETE movies, so I'm not buying Day of Reckoning until they correct this mistake!By the way, don't expect to see too much of Jean-Claude Van Damme or Dolph Lundgren in this one! They're only in it for a few minutes."
For most of the movie I was just shaking my head.  Sure they were trying to tell a story here, but they seemed to keep missing the mark, making this an odd and nearly unpleasant film to watch.  It wasn't until the end that this movie managed to redeem itself."
I tried to like this movie but couldn't. Too much non-sensical violence and so many stone faces you think they filmed this thing on a really grimy Easter Island. Jean Claude looks desperate as if going through the motions and Dolph looks like he hates being in this mess. Someone needs to tell the makers of this movie arty shots do not make up for a turgid plot."
This movie contains very graphic violence, full frontal male and female nudity, graphic prostituticide, lots of gore including an improvised brain surgery scene, graphic Dolph Lundgren...what?  Do you need more reasons?  How about Scott Adkins fighting EVERYBODY!?!  Pure fun reignites this franchise to and beyond its former glory.During a home invasion, family man John (Scott Adkins; The Expendables 2, Assassination Games) gets his head used as crowbar batting practice and is forced to witness the murder of his family at the hands of Luc Deveraux (Jean-Claude Van Damme; The Expendables 2, Dragons Eyes)--who looks perfectly villainous, sleek and creepy with his new skinhead haircut.  John later awakens from a 9-month coma in a high tech facility.Meanwhile, Lt. Andrew Scott (Dolph Lundgren; The Expendables 2, Universal Soldier: Regeneration) is up to something, \"freeing\" other Unisols with some deprogramming (or reprogramming) video injection.  It gets a little confusing here.  Life made more sense when his insanity was limited to crafting ear necklaces.  John starts having visions of Deveraux, so we assume he was injected at some point...or something.  So are Deveraux and Scott working together?As John investigates he finds that he has done things he doesn't recall doing and people he doesn't know seem to know him quite well--like stripper Sarah (Mariah Bonner; Freerunner), who helps him out with his identity sleuthing.  It seems he was quite a violent guy who many feared.  He even learns who his \"boss\" is, which comes as quite a surprise.  The fun surprise comes during the \"athletics store fight,\" where John is losing a fight to a Unisol until he suddenly discovers his Unisol combat abilities; because you don't put Scott Adkins in a Universal Soldier movie and NOT have him rock out.  More surprises come along, most heavily at the end.The action in the end segment is really great.  John goes ape-crap rabid postal on a rogue Unisol compound with some nihilistic mantra about \"taking back what's theirs.\"  He takes down Andrew Scott in a serious fight with a devastatingly clever Dolph-blow, and against Deveraux, in some of the creepiest commando face paint ever, he has yet another major fight complete with multiple exchanges on bone-impaling machete strikes.Director John Hyam (Universal Soldier: Regeneration, Dragon Eyes) has developed a fine knack for making the most out of humbly budgeted action flicks.  I'm guessing it's just to please JCVD, but among his common actors is Kristopher Van Varenberg (Van Damme's son; Dragons Eyes) in a tiny role.  I'll let it pass.  If that's what it takes to get this level of Van Damme-ity, it's worth it.ALTERNATE TITLE:  This movie is also marketed as Universal Soldier 4: A New Dimension."
Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning follows John after his wife and daughter are murdered by Luc Deveraux. John begins to search for Luc; as he gets closer, he begins to question his memory and his identity. Universal Soldier: DoR is a brutal, action-packed film, although a bit confusing.The story in this film is interesting; the storytelling, however, was confusing and inconsistent- not to the point of hatred, but to the point of having to ask questions you shouldn't have to. You'll eventually grasp the concept, but the film mostly leaves the audience hanging, especially those that are not familiar with the series. However, if you're looking for an action film, this is a vicious example of what action should be. The action in the film is intense and extremely violent- how much weight this holds, negative or positive, is completely up to you. A lot of the variety in the action, as well; I'm talking intense fist fights, an exceptional bat fight, a bloody knife/machete fight, ultra-violent shootouts, and a destructive car chase- top this off with several epic showdowns, and you have a balanced action flick. The choreography was great, and Scott Adkins does an exceptional job. Despite almost a 2 hour runtime, Dolph Lundgren has little screen time, and Van Damne has even less; Scott Adkins steals the show, and I'm okay with that.Other than the often confusing story, I also disliked the occasional flashing sequences. Not just in this film, I've never liked scenes with insanely rapid flashing- it's distracting and hazardous to some viewers. I believe this occurs two or three times for about a minute or two, sometimes a flickering aftereffect accompanies these scenes.Overall, Universal Solider: DoR has superb and varied action sequences, although the confusing storytelling and some editing choices, like the flashing, hurt the film, in my opinion. As of 4/23/13, this film is available on Netflix Streaming, I recommend a purchase for action fans, and a rental otherwise.This film has very strong violence and gore, full male/female nudity and sex."
Universal Solider 1 set up that the army found a way to reanimate a corpse and control it. So they thought. Things go a bit iffy when two of them begin to regain their memories and recall they have unfinished business with each other. The second was a mega flop, where Luc Devenroe or whoever it is Van Damme plays is pretty much back to normal and helping to stop the worlds worst wrestler ever from taking over the Universal Soldier army. Part 3 was a blur. I just remember thinking it had nothing to do with the original film, it just brought two characters back.Now a 4th installment. Now Luc is the bad guy? Dolph Lungren is back, after being killed how many times now? And they work together? Lungren takes orders from Van Damm? WTF??? A new guy with Van Dam moves is the new good guy? Who wrote this? And have they even seen the original movies?Had this movie NOT been in the Universal Soldier name, it probably would have been passed off as maybe 2 and a half stars... but to take the original hero, and turn him into the villain? It's just dumb. It's like making a sequel to a popular hero movie and for no reason at all, suddenly Martin Riggs is a terrorist, Axel Foley is a drug lord, Rocky has become a Russian fighter, Cameron Poe has become a mafia boss... it just makes no sense."
I've read where this is the last of the franchise that began in 1992 with Jean-Claude Van Dam and Dolph Lundgren at their peak.  It is the only one of the series that I saw and I don't remember much other than it was OK.  Here, they make brief appearances as leaders of the secret UniSols project.The headliner this time is Scott Adkins as John who appears to be just another citizen being awoken by his young daughter who hears something downstairs.  It is Luc Devaraux (Van Damme) and a few cutthroats who then torment John with the brutal murder of his family and beat him within an inch of his life.  John lives and of course seeks revenge.  But some things are fuzzy in his head as he mends in his hospital room.The plot didn't make any sense to me but then I missed all those sequels.  Still, good sequels can usually stand on its own.  This film is not much more than a traditional bad guys vs. good guy blood bath.  I did like some of the fight sequences and clearly Adkins knows what he's doing on the martial arts front.  So does Andrei Arlovski as one of Devaraux henchmen.  He and John have one great dual in a sporting goods store."
I'm a Scott Adkins fan, so i found a lot to like about this movie. However, I have not followed the Universal Soldiers saga since the original film, so i can understand how fans of the series are disappointed in this project. Personally, i thought Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren were the worst parts of the movie, particularly the stupid speeches Dolph kept giving about being free. And what's with the silly face makeup?"
Universal Soldier:Day of Reckoning(released Oct/12)has Jean-Claude Van Damme as Luc Deveraux and Dolph Lundgren as Andrew Scott,back in their previous roles.Joining them in the drivers seat is Scott Adkins as John.Scott plays a hard driving and relentless character here,something in the vein of Jason Statham,as a man on a mission.The story finds Scott being woken up by his daughter claiming there are monsters in the house.When he reaches the kitchen he is repeatedly knocked down by a masked man with a crowbar.After a short time both his wife and daughter are also brought down to the kitchen and are executed before his eyes,by a man who reveals himself as van Damme.Nine months later he awakes in a hospital(the fact that a \"nurse\" who feeds him while he is in bed,then checks him out behind a desk,would lead one to think this is more than just a hospital).He is interviewed by a man claiming he is an FBI agent and to call him if he thinks of anything related to the murders,which of course are indelibly etched in his mind.Time passes and Scott is indeed released and he goes home to try and find himself.He receives a phone call from a nervous man who knows him and has something for him.When Scott arrives the man is dead.He spots a matchbook on a table with the name of a club on it and heads there and meets up with a girl who knows him,but not visa versa.He gets kicked out but later follows her to her apartment.She has known Scott for quite awhile and has been afraid of his terrible temper,relating a story of beating a man to death.While there a man barges in on them and tries to kill Scott.They both escape but are followed and end the fight in a sporting goods store.Meanwhile we see that Van Damme is the leader of a Unisol resistance movement and Lundgren is his second lieutenant,if you will.They are trying to free all former and current Unisols from their bondage from the government.It seems Scott is a Unisol,so bred to infiltrate the new Unisol movement and kill Van Damme;though he doesn't know it yet.Scott eventually manages to find the Unisol hideout where they try and remove his implanted memory of his wife and daughter's murders.Something goes wrong while in the chair and he frees himself,kills the lab techs and systematically fights his way through.He dispatches each with particularly devastating skill until he meets with Lundgren.He gives Scott a good run for the money,but Scott comes out victorious.Then it's on to Van Damme.Van Damme and Scott go toe to toe and it all ends there.The film comes to its conclusion as Scott meets up with the FBI agent,who explains that Scott was bred just to kill Van Damme.No one before had succeeded until now.Blaming him for his wife's death,Scott shoots the agent.Anticipating his reaction,out of a nearby van steps out the same agent,then other Unisols,to take away the dead clone(?).I must say off the top I cannot fault Scott Adkins acting,as he plays his part very well.He wears the part of a confused man,trying to find himself but filled with revenge,like a tee shirt.Unlike the last poor installment,this fourth Universal Soldier(there were two others without Van Damme and company)is much better plot wise and in pace.But someone has to tell me: 1)where in the heck is the franchise going?2)where did it go wrong?and 3)why does van Damme and company continue down this strange road? The first one had Van Damme as a Unisol who in the end snaps out of who and what he is.In the second he is totally in control of himself and has a daughter and even assists with work in the lab.For all intents and purposes he is totally a near normal guy.The last one,after all the time in between,brings Van Damme back as a non speaking drone,who seeing Lundgren,battles it out with him once more.No explanation given whatsoever as to why Van Damme is now a Unisol again.And now they continue in the same very dark vein,but things have obviously evolved and Van Damme is now the leader of a resistance movement,with a shaved head.Watch that head,because when Adkins has his final showdown,JCVD has his head painted white and black! I know this emphasizes where Van Dammes character has \"gone\",but it's all totally nonsensical stuff in the bigger context.Plot wise,I can see Reckoning as the second installment and the second as the third.The real third installment,well I cannot see it period.My point is neither of these newer Universal Soldier movies are in keeping plot or character wise,with what went on in the first two.So,how in God's creation did we get here and why do they continue down the same dreadful and inexplicable path? I might add,though Van Damme appears here more than the third(which was pitifully small),he appears not MUCH more.JC and Dolph's appearance's are just glorified cameos!Oh yes,watch for Van Damme's son in a bit part as an \"FBI\" agent in the \"hospital\".Technically speaking the film is in its w/s a/r of 2:35:1 and is clear and crisp.Extras include interviews with Lundgren,Adkins,Van Damme and director Hyams.All in all while much better than the third installment,this film again sees the entire cast and crew deviating as far away from any connection with the first two movies as they can possibly go.I suggest if you have the first two watch them again,and if you haven't buy or rent them.Then you maybe can explain to me this total digression in characterization and warping of the franchise as a whole."
Forget the last sequel because this does not continue from that at all, this movie disconnects itself from the last movies and stands alone in a parallel timeline, Van Damme's character is now the villain as his programming has gone AWOL (Excuse the pun) and he is leading a group of UNISOLS (including lundgren) towards the day of reckoning (as in the title) which sees UNISOLS thinking for themselves and taking over humanity, but they never counted on John (Scott Adkins) a man on a different mission to kill them all, there is a classic sci-fi element to the film with the mythology of the past universal soldier films but also this time its more action and violence, the film relies heavily on the violence and there is plenty of it and its very cool, with some quality fight scenes mainly from Adkins who steals the show, he has a great show down with both Lundgren and Van Damme!! Overall its very different from the others and some people wont accept it but I think it was fresh and original and certainly still very entertaining!!"
First thing  I want to say regarding the new Universal Soldier movie is that it deserves credit for ripping off Joseph Conrad's \"Heart of Darknes\", if you're gonna steal, steal from the best, and stealing from Conrad takes  a lot of audacity. Now, of course, this is not Apocalypse Now, it is Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning, what are you expecting, surely not Coppola.The fourth in the popular, and admittedly superior action movie franchise. This is a departure from the previous entries. It actually tries to tell a story, something that it unfortunately fails at from time to time, but at least it tries. It comes across murky and confusing at times, but at least it dares to try something different.Up and coming martial arts film star Scott Adkins appears to be taking over the franchise as a wounded soldier  with amnesia who's family is murdered by Luc Deveroux (Jean-Claude Van Damme). He doesn't understand why any of this happening or his involvement in the universal soldier program. So he goes down river, I mean he goes after Deveroux in search of answers and finds the once great action hero, a Kurtz like figure for the know awaken unisol soldiers.Making Van Damme something of a villain is into itself an inspired idea, like Henry Fonda in Once Upon a Time in the West. we are caught off guard. This is just part of the new darker approach to the series, which I full heartedly welcome.Directed by John Hyams, who helmed the worthy previous entry, he seems to have more ambition as a filmmaker than one might expect. He is a good craftsman, and here he shows real promise as a budding auter, at least in the action genre. Future projects, of which I don't know any, from him could be interesting, his father, Peter Hyams is a respectable action and thriller movie technician.Universal Soldier: Day of Reckonimg is full of brutal fights, that may turn off some viewers. The action is exciting and well paced, thogh. Adkins makes for an amiable  hero, and is at least as good as Jason Statham, he deserves a really good star vehicle, this isn't it, but it comes close.This franchise, like the universal soldiers themselves, seems to never die, and with so many lousy action flicks out there, a strong series like this could be rewarding for the correct audience. If your not that audience, don't bother you know who you are, but if you've been waiting for a good guns and fists action movie since the Expendables 2, this should fill the void, and it actually manages to do something a little different even approaching a respectable dramatic film.see my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com"
In the opening scene John (Scott Adkins) sets the screen scene record for a non-cyborg to get hit by a crowbar and survive. As he wanders off into a coma as he watches Luc Deveraux (Jean-Claude Van Damme) who is wearing gloves, murder his family. The FBI knows it is Luc, because he \"left his prints all over the place.\" Now is this a clue, or just a screw up?John awakes from his coma and doesn't remember much of his life as he looks for Luc and tries to put things together. He discovers he was not a nice person and that entering a strip joint causes instant healing as he no longer has to use his cane to get around. He teams up with a dancer (Mariah Bonner) who knows the bad him and they go on an adventure having to fight off a \"Manchurian\" plumber who drives a truck with a self repairing hood.In order to keep things level, people who could act better than Jean-Claude Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren were not considered for roles. All around a fairly sorry film for the franchise. Oh, not \"Halloween 3\" bad, but close.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, full frontal nudity (male and female), plenty of blood and exploding heads."
ok, Claude and Dolf have gotten to be better actors over time and in this movie once they start acting, they like stop them at once and make them hit random people.  I don't get it.  (spoiler) Also when they brought back Dolf's character he started thinking for himself and the scientist hated it.  He just resurrected a guy and gave him a healthy brain.  You'd think he would be happy.  There were a lot of things I did not like about this movie.  It seemed like a waste.  It should have been about Claude and Dolf achieving independence and beating the robot brain soldiers but alas it was about brainless super troopers killing each other again. Boring."
\"What difference does it make, what more can you take from me?\" After a home invasion leaves his wife and daughter dead, John (Adkins) is after revenge from the group behind it. Since this is like the fifth movie in the series this review will be short. Either you will watch it or you won't. I have to say that this is not my kind of movie. I am not really into these type of let's make another movie in this series type movies. Movies like this with just action and no real story are not interesting to me. I know a lot of people will disagree with me but I had a hard time staying with this movie and by the end I was just glad it was over. Overall, not my kind of movie. I give it a D+."
\"Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning\" stars Jean-Claude Van Damme, Scott Adkins, Andrei \"The Pit Bull\" Arlovski and Dolph Lundgren (credited in that order). The new Universal Solider film is directed by John Hyams, responsible for so-so action flick \"Universal Soldier: Regeneration\" (2009) and just plain terrible \"Dragon Eyes\" (2012).First things first. \"Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning\" is not a Jean-Claude Van Damme movie. Van Damme's role here is only as an extended cameo, and his fight scene is rather brief, and so is that of Dolph Lundgren. I don't even know if I should call it a Universal Soldier movie, as in \"Day of Reckoning\" there is hardly any sci-fi element that was still seen in \"Regeneration.\"Still I expected something exciting from the film as the star of \"Day of Reckoning\" is Scott Adkins, who can really do action. Adkins plays a man named John, who, heavily injured, wakes up in a hospital to learn that his beloved wife and daughter were brutally murdered by masked intruders. So far, so good.As the story goes on, however, it becomes clear that the film is going nowhere. Action is brutal and gory (that's fine), but terribly drawn-out and poorly edited. The confusing story (including the lengthy non-action opening scene that should be much shorter) doesn't make much sense. There is one decent car action sequence, but ... is Scott Adkins, a martial artist, hired for this?As you know, Van Damme, Adkins and Lundgren were also seen in \"The Expendables 2.\" They are just part of the cast, but they did much better jobs there."
How do you mess up this opportunity!?!  Both original stars.  Some great MMA talent.  And you dump them into THIS slow, dull, depressing, confusing story!?!The best way I can describe this movie is that it plays out like some half-formed story idea dunked into the dream of a drugged mental patient.  Just when it seems to make sense and promise something good, it flops and drags and makes no sense.If you can even FINISH this terrible movie, you either fell asleep and woke up at the end or have a will of steel.It does no justice to the original movie, nor the tepid sequels.  The good guy is now evil.  The evil guy is now  . . . good?The action is lukewarm, shot poorly, and uninteresting.Wasted talent.  Wasted time.AVOID."
I always enjoy project runway but I don't always agree with the judges.  Some of the clothes they like this season were hideous.  Obviously, they are created only for skinny, beautiful women.  The creations for the service women were more to the point.  I think every think Eolie made was wonderful."
It was a much better show that less of the personal stuff was shown. The rivalry is interesting but my sons and I put this on to see what magic these talented folks could create. We were not disappointed. The challenges weren't silly as some had been in the past and we saw real talent emerge."
By putting on former contestants who have already been through the wringer, the show is narrowed to a more able group of designers.  Those who show up here have already passed the crucible of being able to design and sew a high fashion garment.  Where they fall down, which is where any designer does fall down, is when their personal taste interferes with their design sense, or a design idea goes hideously wrong.  This is a universal to anyone who does any creative act.  Every creative person creates some real stinkeroos and you're never even quite sure how it happened. We've eliminated a good many contestants already and so far I see Anthony Ryan and Emilio as the two standouts.  I think Anthony Ryan is more consistent than Emilio is but when Emilio hits, he hits big. You will really see some great fashion creating in this season with these two. My next choice would be Uli who I just saw do a bang up job on unisex fashion.  These three have all grown enormously since they appeared on the regular PR.I like these judges as much as I do the PR judges.  I think they do the same basic job and there have been some really great guest judges on the All Stars version.  The judges on All Stars seem to be primarily designers, which I prefer to using actresses as guest judges which PR often does.Some watchers miss Tim Gunn being in the workroom.  His job is taken here by a woman.  The difference is that she is a great deal cooler and less personal with the designers than Gunn is. Gunn actually becomes quite emotionally attached to the designers and invested in their results.  This woman does not do that.  I am not sure which method I prefer.  His method makes for better tv but her method of professionally critiquing what is going on with their garment, and nothing else, is probably very close to the real life studio environment of working in the fashion industry.The model hostess is another good looking blonde like Klum. I don't really find any radical differences between them.  These models are primarily familiar with wearing fashion design. Although this is important, it is not as important as feedback from key designer talent."
I love the whole series.  This is good too.  I wouldn't necessarily call them all all-stars but they were memorable."
It's worth the $2.99 in HD (or $1.99 regular) to watch these episodes without the constant commercial interruptions found on the MyLifetime tv streaming. Thank you Amazon Instant Video."
Great group of designers and more actual designing and making clothes with less air time spent on bickering and out-of-workroom nonsense."
I think I love this season because it is the only time where I felt like the winner, should have won.  Other then that you have a cast of funny designers that make you laugh while they create."
This movie circa 1950 is poorly done by today's standards.Plot is not believable not at all realistic.Some bigger names in the cast but acting is poor.I do not recommend this movie."
not a very good film. low budget, poor script, mediocre acting,mediocre action scenes, mediocre all around. I like well made war films. this one doesn't come close."
Old WWII classic? That it's  not but it does offer a glimpse into the action in the CBI theater. This isn't a documentary or realistic. One can find what is inaccurate and still there is a mission to be accomplished with a side of romance! Not great but it isn't as bad as I expected. Recommended for those who have an interest in this genre, cinematography and a diversion for WWII history  buffs. Would I view it again with the one review offered? A single review only offers one opinion. Yep, I'd watch it anyway . . . just for fun!"
Acting was very poor and plot was not good with many unbelievable events included. Would not recommend unless you are really &#34;in&#34; to old war movies."
This was chosen by my s o,so I can only give a review based on their opinion.To be honest,they never finished this video as they do not care for subtitles on the screen during viewing.Their opinion is that if they wanted to read they would open a book.I suppose some find the subtitles distracting,not me.I wish I would have watched,but am not fond of the WWII genre in film,or any war movie,for that matter."
I had to go to YOUTUBE to find Mill Street Bistro Part 2!  It never showed up here (as of March 10, 2013).  Please do not charge me if it shows up here!  But do charge me for any other eposide that goes forward."
Ramsay is no stranger to TV shows.  And no matter how many he does, he is always fun to watch....Many people really think he is a tv chef.  He is not. And he gets very upset to even suggest it.  He has calmed down a bit.  But where in the past, he did not care who it was that was in his path, he just blasted them.  Now I think, In my humble opinion, he adjusts how hard he will attack someone verbally depending on if it is a woman, or a elderly person. The format is the same.  He goes in and talks with the owners. He eats their food. Then he tells them how bad it was. Then he observes dinner. He meets with staff and the owners the next day.  Then he watches the team in action when busy with customers. Then he talks to the owners again, then he makes changes to the interior of the restaurant, changes the menu, then puts them to the test with all the changes in place during dinner service.  I like when he brings in the local news, papers, writers and the mayor of the town to give the owners of the business a new start and a completely new customer base. And during all this you can see Ramsay really taking more of an interest in the people themselves. He helps these people make a real connection. I did notice one change. He is not coming into the business when they are already a million dollars in debt.  To me it's too late, and I think to myself, why bother?  But now it's a few hundred thousand in debt which can be made back in a reasonable amount of time...In any case this series just like all of his shows are just great fun to watch and I never get bored. I do recommend people to read his books so you can understand the \"man\" himself better....also for die hard fans, who don't mind a bit of a more raw in nature, you should go to youtube and look for or type in Ramsay Behind Bars Season 1, Episode one.  That will bring up a brief four episode series of Ramsay trying to put inmates to work to get a bakery business off the ground to get these fresh products out to the masses while getting these people who are locked up a sense of pride, and a skill for when they are released. It is not for the faint of heart. But a great series to watch. But Kitchen Nightmares is as great as it ever was, and Ramsay is just a figure on TV that you just cant get enough of...Watch it, Rent it, but don't miss it.  You just cant go wrong in watching it....Michael Cifelli"
Some overly dramatic situations and often unbelievable. Like the transformations but difficult to believe some people that stupid. Still has some entertainment value."
I am a huge fan of Chef Ramsey, this is the type of series you can watch over and over again and get fully entertained. The show is, as they say across the pond &#34;SPOT ON&#34;!"
I'm a fan.  He has toned it down a bit I notice, a bit more reserved, stands back and lets things play out more in these recent episodes.  I do like him better when he curses less.  You can't help but like the owners of this restaurant.  Two sisters, who somehow keep it together.  This episode has all the elements you need for good entertainment, if you're into this kind of thing."
I lived in Arizona - and to see Amy's Bakery - Scottsdale, AZ - It would be one place I will NEVER GO!! When the owners takes the tips from the servers.. SO BAD!! IT IS NOT FAIR,,"
No matter how many bad kitchens we see; no matter how many times Gordon yells; no matter how many times he tries to save one of the restaurants it never gets old.  Gordon Ramsey's latest season was one of the best with the most shocking of all the season with the very last Episode at Amy's Baking Company.  If you are waiting for the new season that is set to premier sometime this year (spring/summer 2014) where Gordon will revisit Amy's Baking Company after he really walked out on them is titillating.  You definitely want to catch up before the new season starts and this is one of the best seasons of the series."
On Tuesday, October 8, 2013, BBC Home Entertainment will release last year's creep mini-series The Secret of Crickley Hall on a single-disc DVD, which is based on the novel of the same name by author James Herbert. The ghostly mini-series is coming out just in time for Halloween and stars Maisie Williams from HBO'sGame of Thronesand Olivia Cooke from A&E;'sBates Motel.The mini-series aired in three one-hour parts last fall on BBC America and on UK's BBC One. It switches back and forth from the year 2006 and 1943. It begins in London, where Gabe and Eve Caleigh's young son, Cameron (or as they call \"Cam\"), vanishes without a trace. Eleven months go by and there is still no sign of the boy. Wanting to get away from the one-year anniversary of Cam's disappearance, Gabe, Eve and their two daughters, Loren (played by Maisie Williams) and Cally, move to the north part of England, aka Crickley Hall - a former orphanage.Flip back in time to 1943, Nancy Linnet (played by Olivia Cooke) begins teaching school at the Crickley Hall, which is owned by the strange Augustus Cribben. A young Jewish German student named Stefan refuses to speak English and Nancy notices unusual markings on Stefan's hands, markings that match the size of the cane that belongs to Mr. Cribben. To make matters worse, she begins to believe Mr. Cribben's sister, Magda, is a little to close to a teenager student, Maurice Stafford. Nancy tries to get others to believe the children are in danger, but no one believes her, except for the ground keeper, Percy Judd. The children are in danger and Nancy will give her life to save them.Back to 2006, Eve Caleigh has a strange feeling that there is something wrong with her new home, Crickley Hall. The family dog, Clyde, is afraid to go near the house and begins barking, leading the family to meet the ex-ground keeper, Percy Judd, who believes the house is haunted.After settling into their new home, Eve picks up a spinning-top that fell from a shelf and she hears Cam's voice. While Gabe thinks their son is dead, Eve still has hope that he is somehow alive. Meanwhile, the family is unaware that the deceased former owner of Crickley Hall still walks the halls.I had never heard of the book or mini-series before, but the freaky DVD cover caught my attention. Plus, it has two actresses (Maisie Williams and Olivia Cooke) from my favorite television shows (Game of Thrones and Bates Motel), along with the outstanding cast of Tom Ellis, Suranne Jones and David Warner. It is less like the current clich&eacute;d paranormal horror movies and more like a traditional ghost story that doesn't have to rely on nudity, bad language and gore to scare the audiences, but instead it relies on a well-plotted script and an eerie atmosphere. There are not many scares, but it didn't bother me one bit as I was intrigued with the characters. The Secret of Crickley Hall is a creepy well-written ghost story and it would make a great DVD to watch at Halloween.*Disclaimer - I received a complimentary copy in exchange for my honest review. All opinions are my own."
Somewhat convincingly acted - B.Somewhat creative/twisty, ghost in a house with a sordid history, storyline. The ghosty kid in the hallways, their toys and hiding places and the bad adults that send them to ghost land does get a bit old after a thousand similar previous iterations - B.Somewhat well made & novel CG effects, prosthetics & set staging - B.The problem is the ending (last half hour or so) seemed weak, stereotypic and suggested that the writers just ran out of those &#34;living dangerously&#34;, creative juices - D.Writers moralizing about how death, no matter how horrific the event and how young the victims, reassures us that they are in a better place and happier for it. Well, sorry writers about your fantasizing, but the young people I've seen die, a few in not pleasant ways, would disagree with your comfortable arm chair writing imaginings."
My friend has this movie and I didn't have the chance to watch the whole series so bought my own to watch it."
In the mood for an old fashioned ghost story?  You could certainly do worse than the entertaining mini-series \"The Secret of Crickley Hall.\"  Adapting the 2006 novel from the prolific Best Selling author James Herbert, BBC fashioned a handsome supernatural tale that has both heart and horror.  Stretched over three hour long episodes, the story has the time to develop at its own pace without rushing.  Some of the developments can seem a bit far-fetched, as you might expect.  But by focusing on character, the mini-series remains grounded due to it having invested the time to actually make you care about the outcome for the lead family.  Even as the main saga gets loopier and less faithful to the source material, I always remained connected.  Perhaps \"The Secret of Crickley Hall\" is not the scariest or most realistic ghost story ever made, but that's a rather lofty expectation to have!  It was, however, genuinely well executed, well acted, and atmospheric.  So I was happy enough to invest the three hours into this supernatural excursion.The initiating event in \"The Secret of Crickley Hall\" is the disappearance of a little boy.  One day at the playground, the mother (Suranne Jones) falls asleep and the boy simply vanishes.  In a state of grief and withdrawal, she blames herself for the tragedy and can't move past it.  Approaching the one year anniversary of that fateful day, the father (Tom Ellis) accepts a temporary assignment that would require a brief relocation which he hopes can be a new start for his troubled family.  Moving to the country with Jones, his two daughters, and their dog seems like a great way to spend a few months!  Unfortunately for them, they decide to rent Crickley Hall.  Why would this sweet family of four rent this massive building that used to be an orphanage?  I found it best not to question these mundane details, so I just went with it.  It soon becomes apparent that Crickley Hall is housing its share of secrets (hey, that's in the title!) and is the home of some rather unpleasant goings-on.  As the family is terrorized, they seek answers from the creepy locals and this opens up flashbacks of abuse within the orphanage at the hands of a maniacal headmaster (a delightfully over-the-top Douglas Henshall).The story plays out in parallel timelines.  Jones has an almost psychic connection to her missing son, and the strange house brings them closer together (at least in her mind).  Before all is said and done, the past and the present will collide.  Can the family survive and prevent the house from claiming more victims?  As I said, the end game gets bigger and less logical, but I rooted for both Jones and Ellis to persevere.  Both give solid and likable performances.  I also thought Henshall was great as he teetered on the brink of insanity as is Sarah Smart as his enabling sister.  The heroine of the back story is portrayed sympathetically and strongly by Olivia Cooke.  In her time, she attempts to protect one mistreated boy and expose the atrocities of the manor.  In both plot threads, the tension escalates appropriately as the story nears its conclusion.  Not all of the biggest surprises are particularly surprising, but things wrapped up quite satisfactorily for me.  Years from now, I won't be saying that this adaptation of \"The Secret of Crickley Hall\" was a television classic.  But the experience was fitfully entertaining in the now, and is easily recommended to those who enjoy the genre.  KGHarris, 8/13."
This adaptation of the book of the same name was well acted and scripted, though it would have been improved by compacting into a single or, at most, two-part film. Period clothing, dialogue, and mannerisms were gratifyingly correct, and after the first couple of (unexpected) flashback sequences the film moved easily from present to past and back again, so that the viewer has no problem accepting that historical events act upon the modern-day players. The thread of loss which runs through the piece is affective in the extreme: not a film for those who've experienced recent bereavement, I think, though the message at the film's end is one of solace and hope, not despair."
Simply put, the Halloween special is an integral part of the story for the season and needs to be viewed in order to fill in some gaps that appear in the series if you don't know wha they're referring to.  Secrets are revealed, life directions change, and the Venture Bros grow into more than just idiot adventurers (I mean that in a loving way!)Truly one of the most unique series ever.  I just wish they could put out the seasons more quickly, but I'd rather wait for quality than get less sooner.If you haven't seen this special, do... it'll answer tons of questions you might have!"
VB has a well thought out story line which keeps me coming back for more. It is the only animated product that can hold my interest as well keeping my guardian duties easier when my nieces and nephews are here.The voice talents are so well geared to each screen character without being distracting or forced.Amazon's video service is awesome! Apple got to watch out, for I mainly use my iPads (I got alll the versions) on the road and this service seems to be dominating my viewing time."
Still one of the top three shows on television. A shame so many people think a &#34;cartoon&#34; is for children. Their loss."
Just awesome!Such a great series!I am so stoked on the 5th season. As a matter of fact, I need to buy the latest episode. See you soon...."
Venture Bros. is the Simpsons of adult comedy. It was very good at the beginning, got you into it and then stopped being funny but is not heinously awful so you still watch it. I notice that most Venture Bros. reviews are from hard core fans who really get into the cartooniness of the series -- which is exactly my problem with it. The special episodes are nothing but the cartoon part of Venture Bros. The only reason Venture Bros. is an adult comedy is because the characters cuss and once in awhile an episode will delve into rankly perverse sex that is never funny. If you want to see a good adult comedy check out Archer or find some old Frisky Dingo."
How can you NOT love the Venture Bros.  The only bad thing is that there isn't more episodes made quicker to watch.  The Halloween special was a crack up and poor Hank found out the &#34;secret&#34;."
Very good interaction. When things get tight, they somehow end up at home. They get out of the situations somehow that is not revealed to us. The Mother/Ex Wife/Spy/so on has knowledge of everything. Its fun."
Season 3 of Alias is definitely still good.  The action is there, and there are plenty of relational twists for the viewer to enjoy."
I have really enjoyed this series.  I am at the end of series 4 and have one left.  It has great acting, lots of action and maybe a little over the top plot but that to me is what makes it enjoyable to watch.  I am not much of a reality show watcher.  Don't care for shows that are too true to life, got enough drama in my own life, so fiction works better for me.  I am just sad there is only 5 series.  Love Amazon and neflix to be able to start from the begining and watch when I want."
Continues to be great.  Love it.  Watch it, over and over again. You won't be disappointed.  Jennifer Garner kicks butt and Victor Garber is awesome."
A little hokey spy show with unbelievable plot, but one that you can have fun watching while surfing the internet."
I've been watching this series nearly straight through with some breaks.  Fast paced and Jennifer Garner really shines in all of her disguises and talents be it kickboxing, singing, acting.  Quite an amazing actress."
The plot thickens. The story takes more turns. Sydney continues to cry. The formula is solid. If you enjoy the fast paced spy thriller's with a touch of soap opera family trees, then the continuation of the saga is worth the time."
Enjoyed season 1 & 2.  3rd was good as well.  Some criticize the Rombaldi angle. I admit that it may not be the best underlining story line. But I must confess, when you have Jennifer Garner doing her &#34;stunts&#34; and various &#34;disguises &#34;,  it keeps me going back for more.  Looking forward to 2 more seasons."
I have been watching shows and movies on my I-Pad and have found the Alias series to be a very good show with a great cast and story plots. Excellent for people who like a show with action and surprises. When you think you know where the story is going, they put in a small twist or turn and it goes off in a different and more exciting direction."
Lots of dramatic tension, suspense, shocks and excellent performances. Entertaining and interesting from the perspective of how the human mind can justify anything - apparently."
This story of robbery went wrong and the brother sister criminals tried to escape with the loot in the snowy countryand held locals as hostages is so old, forced and predictable that it is boring.It is a complete waste of (this viewer's) time.Second worst film of recent years, after \"The Paper Boy\"."
Something to watch, somewhat entertaining.  If you are the kind of person that is annoyed by hollywood stereotypes of rural people, you'll be annoyed.  If you are the kind of person that likes realism in your movies you'll be really annoyed.  But if you like more or less mindless action (I kind of do) and can ignore the BS stereotypical \"art/social commentary/propaganda message\" crap, it's not a bad movie as far as action goes.  And they used great cameras and professional directing.  But they leave a major part of the plot unresolved.  Also, it's extremely annoying that people are able to just brush off major injuries that would put incapacitate the average person or at least slow them down.  The worst example of this involves the girl's brother.  But I could go on and on about the realism, there isn't any.  The way guns work is also completely unrealistic but typical hollywood.  I'm not going to give this two stars only because the camera work is so well done and there is plenty of action."
Just ok. Eric Bana's politeness and dry humor while also threatening other characters lives was interesting to watch. Heads you watch, tails you skip."
This film is an enigma to me.  It has terrific atmosphere.  The acting is uniformly excellent notably Eric Bana as a slightly unhinged stick-up man.  Ultimately it lies in the story which really isn't that compelling or even plausible.  I think that the end of the film where all the film's principles are gathered together, albeit on Thanksgiving Day, is pretty contrived and,yes, ludicrous.  All said, though, the film is certainly ambitious if not wholly successful.  Worth a watch but don't expect a thriller that has any resonance."
Deadfall was a film that I thought I might enjoy but instead fell in love with.The ensemble cast is the main attraction along with the acting and chemistry between all of the main characters plus it is beautifully shot and thought out.it has it all. Love,action, blood,tested loyalties and much more.I will be buying this because I will most certainly watch it again and again.There are so many moments that resonated joy and pain for me ,it humanizes the villain played to perfection by Eric Bana by showing that he has a heart when he wants to but on the other hand is sociopathic if anyone gets in the way of what he needs at the moment.Charlie Hunnam is amazing as the ex con who also won a silver medal in Boxing at the Beijing Olympics. He and Olivia Wilde have hot chemistry together and this is part of why the film works so well.The love scenes are tastefully done but really hot.There are several relationships such as Father /Daughter.Father/Son.Brother/Sister and a Man and a Woman being explored during the film and some irony  that goes along with it at the end.I can't say enough good things about this film except in closing I would mention Sissy Spacek who is always a wonderful Academy Award winning actress."
If there is a such thing as an underrated actor, Eric Bana is that actor. He has NEVER appeared in a \"loser\" film and always shows that he is an incredibly talented actor in whatever role he plays.I still think his portrayal of Bruce Banner in Ang Lees version of The Hulk truly defined the character, but then Nana has a tendency to be able to do that with every character he portrays.Great moview all round that I sure as heck enjoyed!"
The plot kept you wondering where it was going. The ending made sense. Not the thriller I expected but a good crime drama."
{Cinematography & Settings: A /Acting: B to A- / Plot & Storyline: B-}Excellent use of the camera in what it shows and does not show. The austerely beautiful rural wintertime Michigan scenery provides contrast with the violent conflicts between the human characters. The acting/characterization is generally good, the best of it coming from the supporting characters played by Spacek and Kristofferson, with special mention going to young Deputy Sheriff Hanna, very well-played by Kate Mara.DEADFALL's opening promises immediate realism throughout, which to some extent it delivers, to another extent, does not. It's quite violent, of course, and there are some twisting threads and convolutions that, to their credit, avoid baffling the audience with BS. In the end, however, it's nothing that you haven't seen before. Plot-wise, the film does not take any huge risks and seems to be missing a piece or two. Still, it's far from being totally predictable: Things do not turn out exactly as we would hope or expect, which, dissatisfying as it may be,  adds a certain realism. There are several threads left loose at the end, something I assume was done intentionally to let us guess and ponder at what happens afterwards.DEADFALL might have been enhanced by more use of brief flashbacks, particularly to Addison's and Liza's childhoods and to the casino robbery which set the entire story in motion."
Action movie with Eric Bana on the run from the law. A sleeper hit, I did not see it in the movies. A solid 4 Star action hit. Eric does not make bad movies. As good as the Shooter."
There have been any number of these films made over the decades. It takes a smart script or idea for one to rise above the fray. For my dollar, this held its own.Here's the scoop. Addison and Liza (Eric Bana and Olivia Wilde) are brother and sister fleeing a heist they pulled off in a casino in northern Michigan. It's a clean break until their driver friend hits a deer. Now all bets are off, brother and sister are separated and need to make their own ways, and hook up again in Canada. Meanwhile, Jay (Charlie Hunnam) has just been released from prison. He makes a stupid mistake and needs to head home. Their lives will intersect in unforeseeable ways.I liked this story. I liked that these weren't bad people, but people who made bad decisions from which there is no recovery. There is plenty of reason to pity these folk. Brother and sister had a horrible childhood. Jay just wanted to further his boxing career. There is one plot point that hinges on coincidence but it's not over the top given everything so I'm still in. But it's the characters, particularly Bana's, that made this work for me. I liked the direction as well. All the cold and snow must have made this a tough shoot, but it succeeds well in putting the viewer ill at ease. Bana, Sissy Spacek, Kris Kristofferson and Wilde do well with their parts. Hunnam I found handled hi role too similarly to the way he handled Jax in \"Sons of Anarchy.\" Kate Mara and Treat Williams also handled their roles well. As I mentioned, I liked the direction. All the other production values were top of the line.Is this a great film? Probably not. But it's good craft and moves along at a pace so even you could time a train schedule by it. Some might also argue the ending. I'm not certain. I could argue either way but this is still one of the better of its kind."
This cast is oscar material, the script is strong and the story moves smoothly. I won't say a every bit of this was as expected, and there are parts that strain credulity. Eric Bana plays a strong character who is terribly flawed, as is his sister. Olivia Wilde plays the sister, cunning and scheming in a way that is predictable."
Numerous unexpected twists and turns in this plot. If your looking for something worthwhile to watch this one does not dis-appoint. If your from Michigan- the territory covered will be  familiar to you. Dont watch with the kids."
This show was really good. Everyone did a great job on it and as you can only imagine Charlie did a great job playing the long lost (or imprisoned) son in this movie. I was curious what he would be like apart from sons of anarchy but I was definitely not disappointed. In addition I can not remember the actors name but he plays the criminal in this flick and he also did an incredible job. I would definitely say that it was well worth watching. In fact I will probably watch it again."
Perhaps the reason this film is not meeting with a better reception has to do with our current situation of senseless killings that are happening throughout the nation. Had it been placed in the theaters at a different time it might have been better appreciated. The script by Zach Dean is tight and multifaceted in meanings, the direction by Stefan Ruzowitzky keeps us in suspense until the final frame, and the cast of actors is unusually fine. It is a fine little film and deserves more attention.The title DEADFALL is translated by the dictionary as `A trap for large animals in which a heavy weight is arranged to fall on and kill or disable the prey.' How that title applies to this story is one of the subtle strong points in this dissection of three dysfunctional families. Siblings Addison (Eric Bana) and Liza (Olivia Wilde) are on the run from a casino heist gone wrong. When a car accident leaves their wheel man and a state trooper dead, they split up and make a run for the Canadian border in the worst of circumstances - a near whiteout blizzard. While Addison heads cross-country, killing everyone who crosses his path or who could provide transportation possibilities, Liza is picked up by ex-boxer Jay (Charlie Hunnam) who has just been released from prison for fixing a boxing match and is en-route for a Thanksgiving homecoming with his parents, June (Sissy Spacek) and retired sheriff Chet (Kris Kristofferson). Following Addison's wake of killings, the sheriff (Treat Williams) loses many of his men and ridicules his new deputy daughter (Kate Mara). The story all comes together at the Thanksgiving dinner at June and Chet's place - where the three families' ties are strained to the breaking point. It's there the siblings are reunited in a terse and thrilling showdown that pushes the bonds of family to the limit.The freezing cold of the blizzard backdrop is just right for the tension that pervades this story. The original musical score by Marco Beltrami underlines all the facets of this tale.  While every one in the cast is excellent, it is Eric Bana who pulls off a very well written role in a manner that despite his actions he never loses our empathy. Grady Harp, December 12"
Originally picked this to watch because I am a huge Eric Bana fan.  Then as I watched, I realized I had hooked into a really good little noir type thriller.  I had never seen Charlie Hunnam previously, but thought he did a really solid job here, as did Olivia Wilde (Thirteen from the HOUSE series).  Even the smaller roles (Kate Mara, Kris Kristofferson, Sissy Spacek and Treat Williams) were believably performed in a forceful manner.Bana and Wilde play brother and sister, on the run after a casino heist, who get separated in the frozen wilderness, only to be finally reunited at the Thanksgiving dinner of Hunnam's family, where the movie comes to a thrilling climax.  Along the way there some truly exciting chases, one particularly great one on snowmobiles, interspersed with a few brief moments of uncertain tenderness between Wilde and Hunnam.This is one I'm truly happy I stumbled across.  I bought the BluRay version as soon as it was available.  I have a feeling I will be watching it often."
This is a fairly drawn out manhunt with predictable plot twists. The story line is a little long in the tooth.  You will cheer a little for the heroine and hiss at the villan."
I don't understand other reviews, this is a 0 star movie, but I had to put 1.  The acting is bad, what happens in the story is bad (at leaast 1 stupid decision by every character in the movie that make you go \"oh, come on\").This might just be the worst movie I've ever seen."
This movie had great promise but the lead character did some strange things. He was way too nice for a psychopath. BUt some parts of it were really good."
Eric Bana is not my favorite actor but he did a credible job as a psychopath.  Olivia Wilde as his wayward sister was something of a stretch, however.  There is plenty of violence but a burgeoning love affair in the movie seemed too improbable.  This is one of those movies that you can enjoy watching if you can ignore the shortcoming and then promptly forget it when it is over."
this was definetly a movie to see, action all the way through vector dosen't let you down he keeps his rank, and sos, is showing he's got potential in the industry."
Deadfall follows siblings Addison (Eric Bana) and Liza (Olivia Wilde) who are on the run after a heist. After a brutal car accident, the siblings split up during a snow storm and promise to reunite before crossing the Canadian border. Addison takes a violent journey through the woods, while Liza connects with Jay, a recently paroled ex-boxer. Deadfall is a suspenseful, atmospheric crime drama.Deadfall has a suspenseful and intense story. Much of Addison's storyline involves tense fights, shootouts, and chases; on the other hand, Liza's storyline involves manipulation, twisted sex, and love. Most of this occurs during a whiteout blizzard, which creates the immersive atmosphere. The ending of the film is definitely intense; it does however, feel unfulfilling because of its abrupt stop. Also, as another minor flaw, the film does have a few clich&eacute; characters and characteristics- again, only a minor flaw. The acting was great, Eric Bana playing his sinister character terrifically, and the rest of the cast is great.Overall, Deadfall is an entertaining crime film. Great acting, a twisted storyline, and an excellent finale, without any major flaws. As of 5/14/13, this film is available on Netflix Streaming and Amazon Prime Instant Video, a purchase is recommended for fans of the genre, a rental otherwise.Deadfall has strong violence and blood, sex and nudity."
It was good movie , did not expected , the focus is deeper into the live than just a plain gangster movie , the action is in a town where everyone knows everyone and some way everyone is connected with own problems from the present or the past , love, drama, crime , if you have nothing else to do or watch in the evening this will be a good choice to kill the time ."
really liked this movie, good story line. didnt care for the ending, didnt show if the two main characters stayed together"
I have a theory, possibly true, possibly not, than any movie involving someone named Zach or Josh will be terrible.  This movie falls into the terrible category.  A great noir has a sense of inevitability about it, but also surprise.  This film had nothing but cliches without irony.  Lets see incestuous Southern siblings,  Father and daughter cops. Violent boxer in jail for something who throws a fight.  In a great noir, the boxer's taking a fall would have something to do with the killers.  But that would be a film I'd like to watch, not a film like that I laughed my way through.  Now, Todds are solid in the film world.  Maybe if a Todd had written or directed this film, it might have been better.  How did this movie get made?  How?"
Deadfall was full of the action that my husband and I love. It had a lot of good actors in it to make it even better."
This is a Canal production which means French although you wouldn't know it except by reading the credits. It has many gory, spectacular murders and other shocking scenes, including not just one but two sex scenes. It takes a while but eventually, the plot lines indeed weave together.I don't know why the 'cover' does not feature the older, big name stars: Sissy Spacek, Kris Kristofferson, Treat Williams. They all do a good job of projecting more depth in their short scenes than the younger generation of actors do. Too bad Eric Bana's career seems to have veered toward being a villain. He was appropriately cartoonish in Star Trek but in this movie, his character could have had more dimension. He could have shown more care for the girl and perhaps even some conflict about his crimes."
A strong cast elevates DEADFALL, a crafty film-noirish tale of greed and familial dysfunction.  An often contrived plot involves fugitives running from a botched casino heist; an ex-boxer released from prison after serving time for throwing a fight; and a female deputy who suffers constant belittlement from her sheriff father.  It takes time to discern how these stories will intertwine and result in a tragic confrontation.The blizzard backdrop heightens the movie's chill factor, but it's the actors who provide the film's foundation.  Eric Bana gives a chilling portrayal as the cold-blooded killer who still manages to elicit a guarded level of empathy.  Talented Olivia Wilde is both seductive and fragile as Liza, Bana's victimized sister.  SONS OF ANARCHY's Charlie Hunnam is the boxer Jay and gives a solid performance.  The roles of the parents are filled by veteran actors Sissy Spacek (who is wonderful), Kris Kristofferson and Treat Williams.Despite its flaws, I recommend DEADFALL especially for viewers who like their thrillers with a little complexity."
I was able to take a sneak peak at this modern day film noir on the HDNet cable channel.  Going in, the film has a strong cast.  Addison (Eric Bana) and Liza (Olivia Wilde) are siblings on the run after knocking off a casino in Detroit.  After hitting a deer during a blizzard somewhere near the Canadian border, their Town Car flips and slides down a hill killing their driver.  Addison decides (he always decides) they should split up and meet once across the border.  And on foot!  In a blinding snowstorm.  I was puzzled as to why they wouldn't take the sheriff's car who, unfortunately for him, tries to help the couple.  I mean, at least drive it to the nearest town.In any case, off they go.  Liza, nearly frozen and standing on a highway, is picked up by a former Olympic boxing silver medalist (really?) named Jay (excellent Charlie Hunnam) who has just been released from prison for throwing a pro fight.  He's headed back to his parent's home (Kris Kristofferson and Sissy Spacek) just before Thanksgiving.  Jay and Liza, well...hit it off.  For a while, rather than tell each other their real names, they make up playful ones.  Liza calls Jay, Addison.  Yeah, creepy.After alerting her brother as to their destination, Liza and Jay show up only to find Addison has gotten there first and is holding Chet (Kristofferson) and a retired sheriff and June (Spacek) hostage.  There is another subplot involving the current sheriff (Treat Williams) and his daughter (Kate Mara) who is also a deputy and friend of the family.  This plot element just seems to have been thrown in to add to the film's running time.The script is weak and we never really get much background of the plot elements given all the attempts to put them out there.  The ending is as puzzling as is most of the film.  Director Stefan Ruzowitzky does put the snow storm to good use and the photography is well done throughout.  In the end, \"Deadfall\" might be great on one of those blistering hot summer nights.  For a better, similarly themed film, try \"Cape Fear\" (either version)."
I'm glad I watched this for free on Prime - it was well-acted all around, but boy what a messed up bunch of characters!  Not that every movie has to be uplifting - but this one wasn't even thinking about it!  NOT for kids, either, parents FYI. For more reasons that just sexual content."
Apparently this movie can be seen here on Amazon's Instant Video service, but I just saw it this past weekend in the theatre (at the Landmark E Street in Washington DC). Didn't know too much about the movie but I had seen the trailer for it at some point, and what I saw was intruiging enough for me to check it out.\"Deadfall\" (2012 release from Canada; 94 min.) starts off with two parallel opening scenes. In the first, we meet siblings Addison (played by Eric Bana) and Liza (played by Olivia Wilde) as they are in the car after a successful bank heist somewhere in Michigan in terrible weather conditions (heavy snow). The car flips over, leaving the driver dead, and for good measure Addison kills a state trooper who came to check out the accident scene. The car accident itself is brought in a very eye-catching, almost stylish manner. Addison and Liza split up and agree to reunite at the Canadian border. In the second story line, we see Jay (played by Charlie Hunnam) released from jail and meeting up with a boxing buddy of his. An argument ensues and Jay accidentally knocks out (or kills?) his buddy. Fearing a return to prison, Jay flees the scene, and eventually picks up Liza as she is making her way up north as Jay is  driving up to meet with his parents for Thanksgiving. By now the storm is a complete white-out. At that point we are about one-third into the movie and to tell you more of the plot would ruin your viewing experience.Several comments: this movie felt like a 'film noir' B movie all the way to me, and I say this as a compliment. The movie is action-packed throughout. The acting performances are pretty good, but I really had to do a double-take when seeing some big names like Sissy Spacek and Kris Kristofferson (in small roles are Jay's mom and dad) and even more so Treat Williams (as the town sheriff). How did they end up in a small movie like this? There is no \"message\" in this movie, what you see is what you get: a mindless hour-and-a-half of crime drama, filmed beautifully (in Montreal and surrounding Quebec, substituting for Michigan). Nothing more, nothing less."
I thought it was an okay movie. I thought the 2 characters that were brother & sister had a different type of brother & sister relationship...a bit taboo for me."
I think this was a really good film it seemed short but It was enjoyable. I think if you liked FROZEN or WOLFS or love films with some violence but not overdone with it... films done in the snow... you will love this."
Storyline was predictable after the first 30 minutes and a polite psycho is not really believable. It was good to see Kenny Rodgers again though"
Deadfall is a really good thriller in a blizzard. Two separate stories converge during the snow storm and you will be entertained the entire time. A perfect movie to watch in the winter. The British actors have a very good American accent (the brother and the boxer). If you like the late night type of thrillers then you will love this one."
Rented because of cast and trailer looked intriguing. We are big Sons of Anarchy fans so Charlie Hunnam caught our eye.  Add Olivia Wilde, Eric Bana, Kris Kristofferson, Sissy Spacek and Treat Williams? Definitely wins award for eclectic cast of the year.  Be warned this movie is not the typical action movie it takes its time.  Overall I liked it despite some flaws.  Treat Williams is someone I normally like but they gave him the role of sheriff with his daughter as a deputy. They have him play an overly misogynist pig and the other deputies are clowns.  They are hheeeee type of two-dimensional irritating cop characters I hate in films because it's a cheap way to write so that you have less sympathy for them and villains seem more attractive and you want the cops to get messed up.  Ootherwise it's got some great performances (though I love Hunnam, this role has a lot of similarity to SOA in how he carries his himself, ex-con with dad issues).  Not perfect but great effort, visually interesting, diverse cast mostly fully invested in their roles and trying to do something different.  Rent but not a theater trip and probably not a purchase."
it was really good  movie  it keeped me interested in watch it all the way throughI would reccomend to anyone"
although I have not seen this yet..I think any movie with Charlie Hunnam will be just fine. Hope he is interviewed"
This movie is full of action,violence and good actors/actresses. The only weak part is the rushed romance between a couple of the characters. The actors are so accomplished however, that it escapes being foolish. I watch movies specifically to be entertained and this movie certainly does that."
Deadfall is a white noir, instead of being told in the shadows of the mean streets of the corrupt city, it takes place in the wide open snow covered wilderness. It is easy to identify that Deadfall wants to conjure up memories  of Fargo  or any other Cohen brothers movie for that matter, but ends up simply stuck a drift in it's own snow storm of tedium. This isn't a bad movie, per say, but it is middling, predicable and more often than not, dull. Which comes as a shame because the movie has a real great cast that is game for something more meaty.Telling the story of Addison (Eric Bana) and Liza (Olivia Wilde), a brother and sister team that just stuck up a tribal Casino. A car wreck leaves their driver dead and them stranded in the cold Michigan wilderness heading for the Canadian border.  They become separated and Liza hooks up with a stranger, Jay (British actor Charlie Hunnam), an Olympic silver medalist pugilist just out of jail and already on the run again. He wants to go home for Thanksgiving, but they end up stuck at a roadside motel for the night. She pretends he's her brother and he pretends she's a playboy centerfold, and somehow through all this they fall in love.Also add another subplot involving small town cop Hannah Becker (Kate Mara), trying to prove herself in a man's world and dealing with daddy issues involving the local sheriff (Treat Williams), who may be her father, but he is also a sexist, arrogant lout.Deadfall starts off very well with a great hook, but as it goes along it becomes tiresome and conventional. The early cinematography by Shane Hurlbut is excellent with a nicely done car crash and an exciting chase on snowmobiles, but like everything else in this movie becomes more pedestrian as it trots along.Directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky, an Austrian born director who won an Oscar for 2008's the Counterfeiters, making a very mild mew English language debut. Working from a half backed script by first time screenwriter Zach Bean, who manages yo fit more clich&eacute;s in a ninety-five minute movie than just about anyone this year. Bean's script seems cobbled together by bits and pieces of other movies, and not necessarily there best parts. It's plotting, it is rushed and there is little or no character development.Deadfall manages to almost descend into self parody with it's obvious and contrived ending that feels like the old Humphrey Bogart movie Desperate Hours, which itself was remade by Michael Cimino and starred Mickey Rourke, with a very special Thanksgiving twist. A holiday showdown in the snow.A very good cast is all that keeps this afloat. Eric Bana is superb in the central role, a tough guy villain that is easy to root for. Olivia Wilde proves she's much more than merely eye candy here, she is sweet, scared and sympatric in the role, she makes Liza simply more human, and this could be Wilde's best work so far.Kate Mara is excellent as rookie police officer Becker, she's smart and tough with the offbeat charisma that Mara is good at exhibiting. She's pretty, but not glamorous, and gives a clich&eacute;d role a more firm footing in reality, or at least she makes it appear so.Charlie Hunnam is just okay as Jay, a poor man's Tom Hardy the role is so underwritten that the actor is given little time to do much of anything, he's just there as the movie's handsome stranger, a rather dull protagonist.Add reliable veteran performers Kris Kristofferson and Sissy Spaceck as Jay's folks, and Treat Williams as the sheriff, this highly capable cast really cooks. Unfortunately it adds up to more of a cold lunch than a holiday feast.Deadfall is a slight and unmemorable thriller, it's laughable in all the wrong ways and doesn't add up to a impressive Thanksgiving themed movie. Although it would be interesting to see what happens after diner, I mean some people have some explaining to do that could have added up to something more interesting than what we have here. This time of year you can do better. Give the gift of love and take some you care about to see something else.see my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com"
I am a huge Charlie Hunman fan so I might be a little bias. It was a short movie that git got straight to the point.  Just the right amount of suspense and drama."
After an Indian Casino robbery, the crooks find themselves stranded in a winter snow storm after a deer takes out their vehicle. Addison (Eric Bana) and Liza (Olivia Wilde) are siblings who split up. Addison trudges his way through the woods, acting like Eric Roberts. Meanwhile Jay (Charlie Hunnam) a boxer recently released from prison and in trouble again, picks up Liza along the road- her make-up is perfect and her skin isn't even red from the cold snowy air. They hit it off.Also in area live Jay's parents (Kris Kristofferson  and Sissy Spacek). There is also a local female policewoman (Kate Mara), a friend of the family who has daddy issues. Guess where this leads?The film follows pretty much your basic formula. The acting was so-so for a script that lacked clever lines. If you liked the stale films done by Eric Roberts, this one follows the course. Olivia Wilde once again plays mindless sex pot, perhaps the only real reason to watch the film.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, brief nudity (Olivia Wilde, Charlie Hunnam- rear)"
\"It's a good sign when you feel a little bad.\" Brother and sister Addison (Bana) and Liza (Wilde) have just robbed a casino and are making their getaway when they get into an accident. Jay (Hunnam) is fresh out of jail and is looking for answers as to why he took the fall. When all their paths cross things turn for the worse. This is a movie I was looking forward too. The cast had me interested right away. The movie started off fast and never really slowed down. It is a movie where you seem to be one step ahead of what is going on though and that kind of hurts t
Good acting in that you despise Eric Bana. Lots of action. The story makes you wonder if the police can really be that stupid."
Fairly straight forward movie. Not a lot of sub-plot here. But the story unfolds very well. Tension in several scenes works very well. The action scenes get a bit gory, so brace yourself. Good movie, watch it."
This is a decent movie, with predictable ending but really outstanding acting and direction!Addison (Eric Bana), his sister Liza (Olivia Wilde) and an accomplice are running away from a casino heist. Suddenly a deer hits the car and following several tumbles, the accomplice is killed on the spot. Addison and Liza get separate and it's everybody on its own until reaching the Canadian borders. Liza meets ex-boxer Jay (Charlie Hunnam), who is en-route for a Thanksgiving dinner, with his parents (Sissy Spacek and Kris Kristofferson) on a nice Thanksgiving weekend. A very smart female police officer (Kate Mara) who just passed the FBI entrance examination is involved in the whole situation until the predictable ending occurs.  Her very rude incompetent father (Treat Williams) who is also police chief in this small border town treats her really bad repeatedly in front of all the male officers. She doesn't protest and still loves her father.During the entire movie, I was wondering what the purpose of Kate Mara is. Why are we having this subplot where the father mistreats his daughter, who is much smarter than all the yahoos in the squad, in front of everybody?  And why this is happening on Thanksgiving weekend? It could be any day of the year. In addition, there are so many contradictions in Addison's behavior that it is really confusing. For example, he meets a couple in the forest where the husband/boyfriend beats his wife/girlfriend in front of the daughter. He kills the guy, makes breakfast for the kids, shoots a cop in the face, and on his way out he leaves a pile of money in the purse of the sleeping mother. Huh? Is he a psychopath or a good guy?After the movie ended and still looking for answers, I watched the extras and saw the director Stefan Ruzowitzky, stating that he wanted to make a point in this movie about families and how bad and unrealistic we Americans are.  That's why he chose Thanksgiving, to mock (analyze/portray?) the American family and traditions! He is presenting four families: Addison and Liza, Jay and his parents, the police chief and his daughter, and finally the couple in the woods. In all four families the father figure is like an afterthought, a sperm donor and a mean bastard. I know that most directors have daddy problems (even Spielberg until recently) but that's enough!!! Watch the \"Fifth Quarter\", \"The blind side\", or \"Touchback\" among others and then let's talk family.At this point, my rating of the film dropped by one start (from four to three). I now understood why the plot is happening on Thanksgiving and all the talking about family and the flashback of Liza to her childhood and her father.  This is the problem with all Hollywood actors/directors pseudointellectuals high school dropouts, that mostly grew up in a dysfunctional family with no father present.  They are trying to impose their minority views on us. Instead of making a good, entertaining, action-packed movie they want to insert their perverted out of town opinion about American society and in particular the American family.  The scene towards the end when everybody gives thanks is laughable and is a direct insult to all great families in this country. In addition, Addison is sitting at the table drinking and eating all afternoon with his hand on the shotgun (while two people are free to move at all time, and one has a gun) and not one single time he goes to the bathroom. How does he do it? Is he wearing diapers? I know it is a movie, but let's try to be realistic.Three stars for the acting and the direction. I wish the director would stick to the direction and leave the script alone! Alternatively, he could have inserted more twists to the plot if he wanted the movie to be less predictable. The \"Counterfeiters\" is a great movie! \"Deadfall\", not so much. Want to see movies with messages about families? All right then! Watch \"The Tall Man\", or \"Gone baby gone\". These movies make you think about the status of the family in this country. Not this one!"
This movie, starring Elizabeth McGovern among others, has an obvious similarity to Downton Abbey and no doubt fans of that wonderful series will be drawn to it. But the similarity is all on the surface. In fact, this turns out to be a pretty dour and rather boring excursion into the emotional stuntedness of the English upper middle classes during the 1930s.It all takes place at a country house in Devon on a single day. Dotty, a rather vapid young thing who is pretty but not much else, is marrying the square-chinned Owen. But she has invited her former swain Joseph to the festivities -- and he for some reason has come. The house fills with guests, none particularly interesting, and Dotty knocks back slugs of rum while waiting for Joseph to do something -- which he never quite manages.We also get flashbacks to the lovers the previous summer, boating on the river, kissing in the conservatory, running through the rain etc etc. We wait for them to give in to the dictates of the heart - and wait and wait and wait until the closing credits.Downton Abbey is great not only because the characters are vivid and memorable and the writing and acting are superb but because we also learn something about the way English society was changing before, during and after the Great War. The web of relations between upstairs and downstairs is interesting and provides for great drama.This movie does none of that. It is simply mediocrity dressed up in nice clothes with smart British accents."
I went into this movie without any expectations, but I like wedding movies and thought I'd give it a try.  The primary female character has great screen presence. The story had potential, and I enjoyed the flash back technique used to tell the story. But the plot moved slowly and didn't quite close the loop. Kind of ended with a thud."
Very interesting storyline and absolutely gorgeous visually. Not the usual &#34;here comes the happy happy bride&#34; film. Very good casting."
Ah, the British! They have their eccentricities that have been providing fodder for little films for years - from the great stories of EM Forster, Evelyn Waugh, Julian Fellowes et al to the little dramadies such as this one written by director Donald Rice with Mary Henely-Magill, CHEERFUL WEATHER FOR THE WEDDING. They come off best when the odd class-oriented families take themselves seriously, covering their narrow view of the world of civility with accents so thick and rapidly delivered that without subtitles it is difficult to follow the script! But they are enchanting, especially when delivered by a cast of superb actors who are able to enter these odd characters' psyches and make us titter while we endure their snobbishness.This film is meticulously presented and is both a celebration of English eccentricity and an understated examination of how families often do everything they can to avoid saying how they really feel. Dolly Thatcham (Felicity Jones) is to be married to the wealthy Owen (James Norton) after a very brief engagement: Dolly delays her preparations for the ceremony by drinking rum upstairs as she has flashbacks to her real romance a summer ago with the young professor Joseph Patten (Luke Treadaway) whom Dolly has invited to the wedding (to her mother's (Elizabeth McGovern) chagrin and Joseph waits downstairs with the entire bizarre family and friends awaiting Dolly's descent to proceed to the church. The story is interrupted with all manner of subplots including the strange behavior of Dolly's younger sister Kitty (Ellie Kendrick) who provides the audience with a navet&eacute; that reveals so much about what everyone else is really thinking but just can't bring themselves to say.Among the entertaining eccentrics having luncheon before the wedding are the bickering married couple (Fenella Woolgar and Mackenzie Crook) attempting to stop their son young Jimmy (Ben Greaves-Neil) from setting off little bombs throughout the house, aging but silly Aunt Bella (Barbara Flynn) seducing her chauffeur (Emil Lager), the perennial old maid Miss Spoon (Joanna Hole), the day's drunk Tom (Olly Alexander) and of course the only people about whom we care - the servants (Eva Traynor, Paola Dionisotti, Sophie Stanton, Kenneth Collard.  The use of flashbacks to give us insight into Dolly's dilemma of marrying for convenience instead of for love is beautifully handled by creating a golden glow touch to the sequences from the past by cinematographer John Lee and a lovely musical score by Michael Price.  And in a final farewell speech Joseph manages to put everything in its rightful place. It all works well, but put on the subtitles or you'll be in the dark.  Grady Harp, December 12"
The best thing I can say about this film is that there are nice shots of pretty clothes and a lovely upper-class English home in the early 1930's.The main character, a self-absorbed wealthy young girl, is torn between the man she is about to marry and a former lover.  She is pretty in a vacuous way, but with an annoying habit of posing with her two front teeth resting on her lower lip.  I guess that's what privileged young girls did in England at that time?  Her groom to be is a handsome cheerful chap but we don't see much of him.  Who we do see \"moping about\" is last summer's boyfriend, a chinless lad with all the charm of the tortoise he gave her.  It turns out, in the only interesting scene in the film, that he may have impregnated her, in which case the child will have the worst features of both---egad!  The bride, who is supposed to be not only pretty but witty and charming  (we don't see that but we are told that she is) has the stock plain, little sister whom everyone ignores.  There are other stock characters...Miss Spoon who gets herself locked in the bathroom....a little boy who plants confetti bombs on the stuffier family members and the \"charming\" but dreadfully interfering mother (well played by Elizabeth McGovern).I suppose if I cared a whit about who this dim, blah girl eventually married I'd have enjoyed the film.  But I didn't."
A friend of my wife recommended this movie to us, saying it was extraordinary, and after watching it, I cannot help but wonder how good a friend she really is :) This is one miserable movie, based on a premise that is not really original, with many unlikable characters and that at times moves at snail's pace. The first 10 minutes were so bad that I am surprised I kept watching. After that it does get slightly better, but it never really delivers much to the viewer.The only redeeming aspect is some humorous moments that got chuckle from me, but the story and most of the characters were unlikable. The plot revolves as you can guess around a wedding, and we have the strong-willed bride that likes to have everyone marching at her own pace, the former boyfriend who we know is going to try to sweep the bride away, the conniving mother, the oblivious groom and a myriad of quirky family members. The use of flashbacks to tell the story of the bride and Joseph, her summer love, was OK, but nothing special.The performances are nothing to write home about, and as it should be clear by now, I am not satisfied at all with the experience. Luckily it was relatively short! I really recommend staying away from this one. My wife loves most British movies and she also thought this was rubbish."
I really enjoyed this movie because of Bruce Willis and Catherine Zeta-Jones.  I could never say anything bad about either star."
Director Stephen Frears (\"The Queen\", \"High Fidelity\", \"Dangerous Liaisons\") and screenwriter D.V. DeVincentis (\"High Fidelity\", \"Grosse Point Blank\") are back together again for a new film based on the memoirs of American writer and journalist Beth Raymer, a memoir about her experiences in the sex industry, amateur boxing and sports betting.The film would feature an all-star cast starring Bruce Willis (\"Die Hard\" films, \"The Sixth Sense\", \"The Fifth Element\"), Catherine Zeta-Jones (\"Chicago\", \"The Terminal\", \"Entrapment\"), Vince Vaughn (\"Wedding Crashers\", \"Mr. and Mrs. Smith\", \"The Break-Up\"), Rebecca Hall (\"The Prestige\", \"Frost/Nixon\", \"The Town\"), Joshua Jackson (\"Fringe\", \"Dawson's Creek\", \"The Skulls\"), Laura Prepon (\"That 70&#8242;s Show\", \"October Road\", \"Are You There, Chelsea?\") and Corbin Bernsen (\"L.A. Law\", \"Kiss Kiss Bang Bang\", \"Psych\").VIDEO:\"Lay the Favorite\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (1:85:1).  For the most part, picture quality for the film is very good.  Colors are vibrant and really look good outdoors.  Really good detail when it comes to closeups and colors black levels are nice and deep.  I didn't notice any problems with t
Having worked her way up from second billing roles in movies such as VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA and THE TOWN, Rebecca Hall proves worthy of a lead character in the 2012 feature LAY THE FAVORITE.  She delivers an affecting performance as Beth, a career-searching woman who stumbles into a job in the Las Vegas gambling business.  Not unlike the highs and lows of betting, LAY THE FAVORITE proves a zigzagging account of quick-changing circumstances that can have you living in Florida, Nevada, New York and elsewhere and fall for two different people all in a blink in time, anchored by the talented young actor Hall.LAY THE FAVORITE is based on an autobiography of the same name.  Assuming this movie version takes no liberties, how funny that scenes depicting female stripping and topless sunbathing are part of Beth's true story as opposed to something made up by the men who write these films.  While Rebecca Hall stays covered up in the sunbathing scene, supporting actor Laura Prepon as fellow Vegas searcher Holly dons only lotion, typical of the risk-taking roles she's done - see the grisly film KARLA.  Along with Prepon, LAY THE FAVORITE benefits from memorable acting by Bruce Willis, Wayne P&eacute;re, and a Catherine Zeta-Jones I did not even recognize - she seems to have shrunk.Oh, and Rebecca Hall risks a little, too, as it is Beth who does the stripping.  This is Rebecca Hall's film, with all due respect to the fine actors working with her.  See LAY THE FAVORITE."
It wasn't exactly easy to make it to the end of the tone deaf comedy \"Lay The Favorite.\" When I got there, though, I was in for a huge shock. The credits rolled and I realized that Stephen Frears was responsible for directing this! In case you haven't heard of him, the Oscar nominee has orchestrated some truly great films including The Queen, The Grifters, and Dangerous Liaisons. Well nothing could be further from these excellent films than this flight of fancy. Based on a true story, an expose on the world of gambling by Beth Raymer, the plot had the potential to be absolutely fascinating. In fact, I'd love to read Raymer's memoir. I think it would be very enlightening. But instead of a hard hitting drama, Frears has removed any sense of reality from the picture. I don't care that he wanted to make something light and comedic, but this isn't serious enough for a drama, funny enough for a comedy, informative enough for gambling enthusiasts, or rich enough in character so that anyone might actually care about what happens. In short, the movie has no idea what it wants to be and that is very apparent.Rebecca Hall plays the central character as a chirpy stripper who is simultaneously brilliant and clueless. She dreams of the big time, she wants to be a waitress in Las Vegas! She gets involved, instead, with an odds-maker played by Bruce Willis. She's a natural at the game and soon becomes invaluable to the operation. Willis's wife (Catherine Zeta-Jones) doesn't like the closeness between the two and this causes much friction. As Hall sets out on her own, she gets into some trouble from which she may not be able to extricate herself. Hint: It involves Vince Vaughn. It just might require a little help from her friends and a caper is afoot. And boy, there's no stopping this crew when they are joined!One of my biggest issues with \"Lay The Favorite\" is that it is all over the map in tone. And none of it really works, nothing is developed in enough depth to get you involved. Even the gambling aspect of the picture is lackluster and pedestrian. I never cared about anything that happened. Willis seems to be sleepwalking, Hall is positively grating, and everyone else is pretty much wasted. Hall has a love affair with Joshua Jackson, but we never know the first thing about him. The character development is so sketchy as to be virtually non-existent. A few of the smaller roles scored and Zeta-Jones has presence. The experience, for me, had no real laughs, no real danger, no real romance. I've certainly been a fan of Frears, Willis and Zeta-Jones in other projects. Here, though, I'm hard pressed to tell you anything that I like about this misguided effort. About 1 1/2 stars, I'm not sure why I'm rounding up. KGHarris, 3/13."
Beth (Rebecca Hall) is a dreamer. Moving from her Southern roots to Vegas with dreams of stepping up in life and becoming a cocktail waitress (yes that is her initial ambition) she moves into a low rent motel where she makes friends who give her another option. Rather than be manhandled all day they send her to Dink (Bruce Willis), a professional gambler who bets on any and everything.Dink Inc. is a business where the odds are always manipulated by the placing of bets in legal form. Not only does this pay Dink well but it helps take care of those who are working for him as well. With a head for numbers, Beth is a natural and soon Dink Inc. is doing well and Beth with it. Now all she has to do is get past Tulip (Catherine Zeta-Jones).Tulip is Dink's wife and to say she is jealous is an understatement. Then again there have been times when her jealousy was well founded. As Beth begins to fall for Dink and attempt to sway him, Tulip steps in and puts an end to it. Beth loses her job, meets a young man named Jeremy (Joshua Jackson) and its love at first sight. With no reason to stay she plans on going back to New York with Jeremy when he leaves. But Dink is in a slump of bad luck and he thinks Beth was his good luck charm so he convinces her to come back.Beth's return doesn't increase Dink's luck any more than the rising sun. Within days he tosses her and his whole team out again. Unwilling to wait around another day, Beth heads to New York and Jeremy. Once there she contacts Rosie (Vince Vaughan), a low life illegal bookie she met through Dink, and helps him run his business. Plans are to set up in the Caribbean where gambling is legal with Beth running the show. As always, things don't go as planned.Soon Beth finds herself and Jeremy with the possibility of going to jail on federal gambling charges. Rosie is no help, a self centered low life who could care less who gets hurt, something Dink warned Beth about when she first met Rosie. Back on top with Tulip convinced there was never anything going on with Beth or the chance that it will, Dink and Tulip head to New York in an attempt to save the day.The movie is directed by Stephen Frears who made THE GRIFTERS, THE QUEEN and DANGEROUS LIASONS. With those titles to his credit, expectations for this film are high. Unfortunately they don't come close to those other films. That's not to say this film isn't interesting or even fun, but don't have high expectations and you might just enjoy it.The film is well made and looks top of the line in the production values area. For not being hyped as the hottest thing out of Hollywood, Hall turns in a worthwhile performance and makes her naive character quite believable. Zeta-Jones does a great job as well in a role that doesn't require her to exude sex non-stop for once. Best of all is Willis who gets the chance to play a character that doesn't shoot anyone or blow things up. Sometimes people forget what a good actor he actually is.While this film isn't Oscar material it does offer a nice evening's entertainment. Based on the memoirs of the real Beth, it might even stir up enough interest in her story to sell a few books. If not it will at least encourage a trip to the library."
I enjoyed LAY THE FAVORITE, but I&#8217;m not quite sure how to classify it.The film&#8217;s distributor is attempting to promote it as a &#8220;comedy,&#8221; but it isn&#8217;t one.  Nor is it a &#8220;drama&#8221;.So, what is it?For lack of a better term, I&#8217;ll call it an interesting &#8220;light drama&#8221; about the world of gambling.Adapted from the best-selling memoir by Beth Raymer, the story centers on &#8220;Beth&#8221; (Rebecca Hall), a former Florida stripper who travels with her dog to Las Vegas and winds up working for &#8220;Dink&#8221; (Bruce Willis), the owner of a small-time sports gambling enterprise.Beth and Dink soon discover that she is good with numbers, and the business begins to thrive until Dink&#8217;s jealous wife (Catherine Zeta-Jones) arrives on the scene, forcing the younger woman to quit Vegas and travel to New York with her new boy friend (Joshua Jackson) and go to work for a shady gambler (Vince Vaughn).  Unfortunately, in New York, gambling is illegal, and before long, Beth must call on Dink to help her out of a sticky situation that can land her in prison for a long stretch.Stephen Frears directed this entertaining film.The Blu-Ray release from Anchor Bay Entertainment includes several deleted scenes. Michael B. Druxman"
Beth(Rebecca Hall) is a woman who aspires to be a cocktail waitress in Vegas. She has both brains and looks. She ends up working for Dink, a bookie (Bruce Willis) who she develops feelings. Dink has a jealous wife Tulip (Catherine Zeta-Jones) and a bad side when he loses, which causes Beth to get a job elsewhere. Beth eventually gets into trouble and needs help.The film is based on a true story, so you didn't know where it is headed. The downfall of the film is that it has a narrow appeal. It is basically a modified chick flick. But it is for chicks who know something about book making. The phrase \"lay the favorite\" means betting against the favorite, i.e. you always take the points and the underdog, you never give points. Bookies make their money by having a balanced book. They need the same amount of money bet on a team as they do against it. They make their money from taking \"the juice\" which is a percentage of the winnings. If the juice is 10% and you bet $50 even money, you will net $40 in return. In order to balance their books, they will have to move money around and make bets with other books or alter the point spread. The point spread has more to do balancing the books then it does the ability of the teams involved which is why it sometimes changes from the beginning of the week to the end of the week. This allows a smart better to straddle his bet. The key to book making is to do the math and bet with your head, not your heart.It is not an inside look at the gambling industry per se, but it gives you enough of a glimpse that you feel you need to know what is going on in order to enjoy the movie. The most unbelievable aspect of the film is that with all the money Dirk and his wife had, she drank Beefeaters Gin. I enjoyed Bruce Willis in this role. Rebecca Hall was refreshing. A light chick flick for people who know something about gambling.Parental Guide: F-bomb, nudity (Jo Newman, Laura Prepon - Donna from \"That 70's Show\")"
&#34;When you put your money down you can not pick and choose what bets count, cause all of your bets are yours. All of them, win or lose.&#34; Beth (Hall) is a small town girl who's dream is to be a cocktail waitress in Las Vegas. After moving there she gets a job in sports betting with Dink (Willis). When she turns out to be a genius at it everyone is impressed, especially the temperamental Dink who thinks he has the perfect assistant. There are some movies that are important and should be seen to change things. There are others that are huge effects movies that are fun to watch but have no real substance. Then there are movies like this, extremely entertaining and fun from beginning to end. The cast is great and the plot is good. The best way to describe the movie is more of a comedy version of Two For The Money. Overall, there really is nothing else to say other then this movie is just 100% fun from beginning to end. I recommend this as a movie you can just put in and not think about. A movie you can watch over and over. I surprisingly give it an A-."
Having finished watching Stephen Frears' \"Lay the Favorite,\" I am still unsure what to make of this \"true story\" based on Beth Raymer's memoir of her experiences in the sports-betting industry in Las Vegas. The film has one interesting subject matter, to be sure, and benefits from the fine performance from Rebecca Hall as the spirited heroine, but with its unfocused and disjointed narrative \"Lay the Favorite\" simply doesn't know what it is doing.An in-home exotic dancer Beth travels from Florida to Las Vegas, dreaming of becoming a cocktail waitress at a casino. As luck would have it, she gets a job working for a bookie Dink Heimowitz (Bruce Willis). Beth, who is good with numbers, becomes a sort of good luck charm for Dink and even gets romantically involved with him before his wife Tulip (Catherine Zeta-Jones) comes back and interferes.The story may sound interesting. Actually, it is not, jumping from one scene to the next without developing any of the characters. In \"Lay the Favorite\" you will never know anything about the betting industry. That itself is not a big problem if the film allows us to know the characters. Beth meets characters played by Corbin Bernsen, Frank Grillo, Joshua Jackson, John Carroll Lynch, Laura Prepon and Vince Vaughn. The impressive cast does their best, but frankly, we really don't care what happen to these uninteresting cyphers.The only exception to the mediocre writing is the film's protagonist Beth, who, thanks to Rebecca Hall, remains attractive even when her character is not really credible. Despite her effective acting, \"Lay the Favorite\" seems trying not to entertain us, by omitting or blurring critical points of her story that should be more interesting."
I was VERY impressed with the way this movie plays out.  I remember seeing it on the Horror Blogs/sites and not giving it much attention, but the other day, I finally decided to give it a go.  Boy am I glad I did!  The ONLY complaint I have with the movie is Kether Donohue's acting during her video \"outing\" the whole situation.  Her acting during the actual event was REALLY good, but it seems during the one on one footage that she was a little less sure of herself.  I don't know,...I'm no film expert, so maybe I'm thinking too much into it.  Regardless, if you like the \"found footage\" genre, then you simply MUST watch this movie.  If they had put in out into the media as a publicity stunt and \"leaked\" some of the footage, I believe this would have gone out as a massive scare.  It one of those movies that makes you think it's something that could actually happen!  The subject matter is part of the reason why I'm not a fan of swimming in lakes and ponds or any other natural body of water.  You never know what's in there!The movie begins with Donna (Kether Donohue) making a video to tell the world what actually happened on July 4, 2009 in her small town of Maryland.  The movie follows Donna as she is making her video and playing/discussing the footage that has since surfaced after the whole ordeal.  During the town's Fourth of July festivities, people begin to become ill from what they think is some type of virus.  This leads to chaos erupting amongst the towns citizens and leaders and eventually becomes a matter of national security.The movie is played out mostly through the newscast that Donna works for.  It's her first time in the field and she's suddenly stumbled into the story of the century.  Throughout the movie, we see clips of homemade footage shot by other locals and town leaders.  The fact that most of it is newsfeed makes it FAR more watchable then most \"found footage\" movies out.  In my opinion, at least.Everyone needs to watch this movies.  Whether you're a \"horror\" fan or not.  It's just a really interesting movie."
Very interesting angle on the Horror movie, Eco Horror is I'm sure something we'll see a lot more of and with the acceptance of multi media resources such as webcam's and GoPro Hero's as well as cinema quality devices to shot with the level of noise will rise.  But it will still end up being the story and the acting (and of coarse post sound)that either pulls it through or not, in this case well done!  IMHO"
THE BAY is a very well-made \"found footage\" environmental horror film by Director, Barry Levinson. Uncovered film of an outbreak during the July 4th 2009 celebration in Claridge, Maryland shows the resulting chaos and death. A perfect storm of nuclear waste leakage, chicken excrement runoff from a mega-poultry farm, and blanched bay water, combine to create a catastrophically toxic soup. Add raging, flesh-eating, mutant parasites to this mix, and a horrendous bloodbath results. The hospital, CDC, police, cell phone, web, and news footage form a believable, nightmare-tapestry of mass infection. A highly effective movie w/ a bleak message. Not for the easily nauseated..."
NEVER EAT CRABS AGAIN!  WHERE DOES ALL THE CHICKEN POOP END UP?  JUST KIDDING......  SOME SCENES MAKE YOU JUMP OUT OF YOUR SEAT.  FICTIONAL TOWN.  LIVED IN MD 50+ YEARS AND COULD NOT FIND IT ON THE MAP (THANK GOD!)"
I heard a lot of bad things about The Bay, but, to tell you the truth, I thought it was pretty scary.  I like eco-horror, though (The Last Winter, Nature's Grave, etc.).  And I like found footage movies, too, so I must be a little biased.  Anyway, it was nice to see one of these things with at least a passable budget.  Barry Levinson's vast experience as an American director helps, also.  The film moves faster and faster toward nightmare territory in the second half and, if you're someone horrified of viruses, bacteria, parasites, etc., like I am, you will probably be unnerved.  If this type of horror doesn't suit you, you'll probably be bored to tears because it's nothing you haven't seen before.  I think the relentlessness of the outbreak is what really bothered me.  It seems like all characters had to do was be in the general vicinity of other infected people, and they were doomed.  Okay, like I said, nothing you haven't seen before, but well done and, if you like outbreak horror, you'll probably enjoy it."
This is your average found footage movie but a different kind of plot that I have never really scene before. I can't tell you what it is but it's really gross and get you squirming. Overall it's actually way better than expected and it's worth a watch for sure. Check it out when you get the chance."
To keep it simple; this is a documentary style movie concerning man's contamination of earth gone wrong. It is a bit gory and is not suitable for the weak of stomachs.  That stated, it lends an insight to what we do to the environment could eventually do back to us. It leans a bit towards being a B flick, but in all it's a good movie."
It's scarey enough to keep you watching all the way through, but could have been better. Some scenes are very believable, but others are dumb. There are too many people dying from this strange disease, and no one does anything about it until the next day. You would think Emergency Services would get the government in there faster to take control. You know, the people with bio-hazard suits. It's like the whole town is dying in agonizing pain, and all the CDC does is try to find an explanation based on known symptoms.It's not until night time that they finally tell the doctor to bail, and leave the dying people at the hospital with no one there to care for them. Like that would ever happen.But the folks on the boat who have no contact with the outside world for several hours, and then come ashore to an empty town, now that part was freaky."
I decided to pay $4 because Entertainment Weekly gave this movie an A. But I was sorely disappointed. It's a crap movie. And Amazon's video quality was horrifying. I've watched a few other things on Amazon Prime and had no trouble, but this was a mess, tech-wise."
This was pretty good. There are some really bad independent zombie horror films out right now. It is no Fulci, or Romero, but it was fairly entertaining."
The low ratings may have to do with the fact that this movie is too busy communicating ominousness and government nonintervention to be charming which Barry Levinson is perfectly able to do.  For something so expertly made, it's not necessarily entertaining and it imparts the heavy heart of a situation that may be happening in real life:&#34;&#8220;I was later told that he did not want to say that Fukushima radioactivity was worse than Chernobyl.&#8221;"
Not a great movie.  If you can watch it for free that go for it.  My bet is that you turn it off after about 15 minutes."
I can't begin to tell you how much I detest a majority of the \"found footage\" films. Every time I see a new released, my eyes roll into the back of my head and I sigh heavily. The only reason I picked up \"The Bay\" when I saw it was the box and tagline caught my attention. If it wasn't for Director Barry Levinson's name attached to it, I would have put it back. After watching it, I'd say it's definitely one of the better films using the shtick.In 2009, the town of Chesapeake Bay in Maryland discovers its water is infected. The mayor refuses to admit the seriousness of the situation even as people begin turning up dead and sick. After several more victims die in public, the town goes into a state of fear and closes down. Several eyewitnesses capture the entire incident on camera and cell phones.I still can't believe a renowned director like Barry Levinson would helm a \"found footage\" movie. The entire concept just seems so below him. It's fairly obvious \"The Bay\" was a pet project for Levinson. He's credited as a co-producer and co-writer of the film. Regardless, he accomplished what he set out to do through adequate pacing and some great stomach-churning scenes, which quite possibly could have some individuals scrambling for a barf bag.The visual effects for \"The Bay\" are impressive. They might be doctored a little with CGI, but for the most part they look practical. I don't know what they used for the nasty little creatures, but I was convinced they were real. That's how you know you're seeing a good movie. You're pulled into it and are never distracted by bad special effects or acting.I have to admit that I laughed while watching the credits as they rolled. I saw Oren Peli's name as one of the producers for \"The Bay\" and said to myself, \"Of course.\" I've got to hand it to this guy. He's taken an old gimmick and struck gold with it over and over again.\"The Bay\" includes a couple special features. There's audio commentary with Director Barry Levinson. We also get a featurette entitled \"Into the Unknown: Barry Levinson on 'The Bay.'\"I can't deny \"The Bay\" is worth a watch. The concept of the film is very believable. That's what makes it so frightening. You come away from it with this nagging suspicion that what you just saw quite easily could happen."
Not the worst thing I have seen but really a 2.5.  If you are totally bored and have nothing better to do... you will live.  Keep the remote handy so you can skip along."
Movie consists of 50% showing a face in front of a hand held camera boringly telling some story that would make any UFO, paranormal, zombie, Bigfoot, government conspiracy freak as satisfied as a plate load of bbcue wings in the belly. Another 25% is repeatedly showing old news footage of random, and over the years, dead herd, flock, schooling critters meant to strike fear in all whose education ended in the fifth grade. The final 25% is just some made up stuff."
Not the finest example of a &#34;mockdoc,&#34; with gratuitous gore that seems to go beyond explaining the reasons for the deeper problems of the bay itself... somehow, the notion that chicken droppings could cause so much pain, angst and horror seems rather far fetched until one realizes that the politicians &#8212; as usual&#8212; manage to make a mess of everything. S of the acting talent actually managed a good job, and the script took some pains to scientifically explain how such an occurrence could come to pass, even though far fetched... but isn't that the task of science fiction? If you have a wee bit of time to view a different approach to the natural disaster scenario, go for it... just don't go swimming where chickens are clucking."
The word SLOW, takes on a new meaning with this ...docu pretender video, it moves so slow it seems to be going backwards in time. Imagine an amateur with a video camera taping an amateur unsure of what she is going to say and saying it very slowly and seemingly considering every word for a very long time. Then the footage is not edited at all so when she stops and starts over you want to scream, &#34; just say something... anything ... stop licking your lips and rolling your eyes!!! I would tell you more but I decided to eat my TV at that point rather than watch another second of this really bad crap. Other than that I have no opinion."
The \"found footage\" technique is taking film by storm. Expect more of it. Soon, we'll look at \"regular\" films like we do now at silent films.  And get this.... it's SUPPOSED to be poor quality. Creates a believable and empathetic viewpoint for the viewer. But the science here is a joke. Yes, the fish tongue parasite exists, but everything else is just bunkum. The list is a long one, but I mean, really??? Chicken manure monsters? There is really nothing scary here once all the people have died except dead bodies. And the sick guy jumping out at the end is just LAME! Not worth paying to see except to see the power of found footage technique."
I'm generally not a fan of the format but with Barry Levinson at the helm, this is about as good as it gets. A picturesque seaside town gets wiped out by some rapidly-growing organism that's evolved from the crap being dumped in the bay. Short of Al Gore nodding his heading knowingly, this flick is a dire warning of how the life of small town America could get royally hosed by big agricultural corporations who don't care about dropping your little village into a zombie fest.Our story starts with one of the few survivors (a journalist, oh no) Skyping her confessions to the audience. There's a lot of Skype in this film by the way. We watch the stories of various town citizens unfold on what is fatally their final day just because the evil mayor put steriod-filled chicken doodoo in the water. Damn him. There are legions, boils, blisters and eaten organs along the way and it's cleverly confined to one place to add an extra level of doom. It's very similar to the film Quarantine (or the original Rec) in the way the events are shown through the eyes of a reporter just to make sure we can explore every tragic story in great detail.Whereas I find most found footage movies distracting for the endless need to explain why there's a camera in the scene, The Bay is handled very well given the limitations of the format. It would probably have been more entertaining as a properly shot movie simply because there's no hallmarks of Levinson but still as an experiment, it's much better than I expected. The moral: look after your water supply."
Worth watching. I had a hard time with the first few minutes watching the actress give the tv interview. Found her to be quite irritating. The movie was good and makes you wonder if the government is able to cover up incidences like this in reality."
The Bay, directed by Barry Levinson, is a \"found-footage\" psychological-horror film surrounding an event that took Chesapeake Bay by surprise, and by terror. When residents of the small Maryland town on Chesapeake Bay are infected by an unknown plague, panic and chaos set in. Told through the narration of a rookie newscaster, the story splits off into multiple characters as they deal with the situation, following two researchers weeks before the event, and even a family who arrives at the bay after the infection hit hours earlier.While I think the \"found-footage\" sub-genre is rapidly dying and becoming more annoying than interesting, The Bay is a much more thoughtful addition to the genre. The acting, while was not award-winning or phenomenal, was still good and believable. Levinson's directing was superb, not completely over the place but instead carefully shot and edited. The visuals, with what little there was, were perfect; the Isopods were not cheesy but very creepy and realistic. The cinematography was surprisingly great, too, for a \"found-footage\" film. The musical score by Marcelo Zarvos was good and worked very well in the film, helping shape the eerie atmosphere and terror of how quickly the situation got out of hand.Overall, The Bay is a refreshing thriller that shows us what happens when we screw with Mother Nature. Now, some will try to compare it to M. Night's The Happening, because the plot lines are similar, but The Happening was not as well-written or directed. Think of The Bay as Contagion on a smaller scale and \"found-footage.\" This movie, though, is not for everyone, as it is very violent and disturbing.4/5 Stars****"
The style was pretty good. I don't like found footage movies, normally, but this was not found footage; it was previously suppressed footage and footage came from multiple sources. The only step away from regular filming was people looked at the cameras and some of the film footage was meant to be lower quality, like the scenes from the police car video recording.85% of the film is fact. The location is real, 40% of the bay is dead, the fish population is being affected, and at least at the time of production, the town did not have a functional water filtration system. The isotopes have moved to the Atlantic, do eat fish tongues, and are really gross. The line of fiction is that they are not in the bay, yet, and they don't normally cause much human harm. In any regards, it is creepy."
The Bay is a found-footage/documentary-style horror film. It follows a story of an epidemic in the Chesapeake Bay; it is told as a documentary and in narrated by a news reporter who originally covered the story; other characters' stories are also told including a doctor, a few cops, and a family visiting for the 4th of July festivities. It's a very well made film.The film's story is disturbing and creepy; although it's not exactly a disease in the movie (you'll find out what it truly is later in the film), the film effectively uses the disease/epidemic concept. Imagine being eaten from the inside by an unknown disease without any medial help or help from the government; it truly is terrifying, especially if you're afraid of disease or sickness. It has some very unique scares, including the theme and jump scares, and some generic found-footage scene, but it's balanced very well. The special effects were also great and shocking, fans of gorefests may enjoy it; we see faces being mutilated, body parts being amputated, etc. The acting was great most of the time, some of the acting was bad and slightly affected the authenticity of the film. It runs at a very fast pace, as well, which is good in my opinion. The ending was great and dark, as well. There aren't many significant flaws in this film.Overall, I really enjoyed The Bay; it's a well-made horror film that effectively uses its concept to frighten the audience. If you have completely given up on the found-footage style of shooting, then this film may revitalize your faith in the genre. People that are afraid of disease may be frightened the most. I highly recommend a rental.The Bay has very strong violence and gore. No sex or nudity."
Well here we have another \"found footage\" flick to add to the ever growing genre, where some are great, some good, some average, but lately a lot have been awful. \"The Bay\" tells a story of what happened to a small town in Maryland in 2009 when something in the waters of Chesapeake Bay starts making the citizens sick and makes others do strange things. We hear from a news reporter named Donna (Kether Donahue, \"Pitch Perfect\"), who tells her story and shows us what happened through footage she shot and found. Director Barry Levinson (\"The Natural\", \"Rain Man\", \"Bandits\") tries to make this story work as best he can, but sadly this material is tired and seems all too familiar.The first 30 minutes aren't too bad as we see the early signs that something is wrong with some of the people in the town, but what is the real cause? Sadly by the time it's revealed the ability to care about the cause or any of the actors in the movie is pretty much gone. I don't fault Levinson for trying a different type of movie compared to his previous work but this is a lot like \"Sphere\", a good idea but pretty lousy execution. It's certainly not as bad of a found footage flick as oh say \"The Hollow\" was, but \"The Bay\" isn't very good. *1/2 out of 4 stars."
It's totally my fault for not watching the trailer for THE BAY before renting this film, but I had no idea the entire thing would be a collection of poorly filmed video clips, interviews, and shaky-cam shots of people running about and screaming.  That's about it.  There is no plot and there are no characters.OK, there are a few characters.  Kristen Connolly (\"Cabin in the Woods\") plays a reporter who is making a documentary about a disastrous plague that infected a small coastal town in Maryland.  It's her voice you hear doing voiceovers, and she's the one pulling all the different film clips together from material confiscated by the government.  Frank Deal plays Mayor John Stockman, who was told about the toxicity in the bay but refused to do anything (he's pretty much a retread of the mayor in JAWS who wouldn't close the beaches because he was worried about the tourist trade).  Then there are a bunch of characters called \"Victim #1,\" \"Fair Man,\" \"Activist,\" \"Middle Aged Supporter,\" and \"Bob.\"  I don't remember any of them individually.  But who cares?The plot can be summed up as follows:  The water in the bay is toxic because the mayor allowed chicken processing companies to dump their waste into it, which created mutant parasites, which infected the fish, which infected the people, who are now all developing grotesque blisters and lesions and generally going berserk.  We see a couple of so-called \"research scientists\" doing ridiculous experiments like looking inside a fish's mouth with a flashlight (aha! Parasites in there!).  Doctors speak like high school students.  People run around bleeding and screaming and throwing up.  And Kristen Connolly tries to be all serious as she comments on all this like it's really, really happening.THE BAY is a low budget parody of CONTAGION (which also suffered from too little characterization).  I have no clue why critics gave this film positive reviews - I guess they enjoyed the \"found footage\" technique far more than I did (if I never see a \"found footage\" film again, it will be too soon!).  Just know what you're getting before you put down your money."
Not strictly a &#34;horror&#34; movie, and not a &#34;found-footage&#34; film, although it has some aspects of both.  I'm going to explain what the director was going for and my reaction, and hopefully this will help you decide, if you haven't watched this movie yet.A couple of the benefits of DVD/Blu-Ray: subtitling and &#34;special features&#34;.  When these are well-done, you can get a lot more information out of a movie than you do in the theatre or on TV.  Fortunately this DVD has both; therefore I didn't find myself straining to hear what someone was muttering; and in a short &#34;making-of&#34;, the director Barry Levinson explains exactly what he was doing:He was approached about doing a documentary--a REAL documentary--about pollution in the Chesapeake Bay.  Researching the possibility, he viewed a &#34;Frontline&#34; documentary of exactly that, which he said was quite well-done, and quite disturbing in its findings.  Yet, essentially NOTHING HAPPENED.  He thought: why should I bother re-doing a documentary that's already done?  Perhaps if I fictionalized it, and did a &#34;what-if&#34; sort of environmental-horror story, presented you normal-seeming characters with normal lives, and how it impacted them, then maybe people will react more...The start of the film presents short news clips of unexplained environmental events: millions of dead fish found by fishermen; thousands of dead birds dropping out of the sky, that sort of thing.  Levinson claims all that, and most of the &#34;facts&#34; presented in the film, really are &#34;facts&#34;.  But from that, he extrapolates his fictional story.  It's all told in retrospect by &#34;Stephanie&#34; (Kristen Connolly--whom I don't think I'd seen before), who begins by speaking directly into the camera.  She's &#34;Skyping&#34; her documentary to another reporter, and we the audience sit in his place, and watch it all unfold.I very much enjoyed Kristen Connolly as &#34;Stephanie&#34;.  She delivers her parts with a certain innocence, combined with a deep need to get her story out, which to me sometimes made her a charming and amusing character.  I also was quite impressed with the performance given by the &#34;ER doctor&#34;, but basically everyone's performance was quite good.Ninety percent of the movie would not meet most people's definition of &#34;horror&#34;, though about the last 10 or 15 minutes of the movie would probably qualify.  There's no nudity, little swearing and no unnecessary blood and gore.  I felt It was a thoughtfully done story, along the lines of &#34;Contagion&#34;, [Contagion meets Jaques Cousteau?] and this will stick with me a lot longer than the majority of the films I view.Stephanie's own footage (her very first day on the job as a roving reporter for a small-town, sleepy TV station covering July 4th ceremonies) is supplemented by a treasure trove of video taken by others, which is explained by it having been dumped onto a &#34;gov-leaks&#34; website [can you say, Wikileaks?]  The premise is that the government gathered all of it up and suppressed it...until someone found it and put it online.  This includes video from all kinds of sources: police car cameras; cellphone videos; outdoor surveillance cameras; video conferencing between an ER doctor and the CDCR, etc...Levinson explains that for some of this footage, he literally did have the actors and actresses [some of whom had never been in a movie before] &#34;turned loose&#34; with an iPhone or whatnot, shoot their part, ad-lib a bit, and re-shoot it as needed.  The resultant video quality is therefore mostly not high-definition, but does feel like a compilation from multiple sources.That sums up the type of movie it is.  Unexpectedly I found it less like a &#34;horror&#34; film and actually, quite engaging, while at the same time reminding us of the environmental problems we produce all around the world, and how eventually they are likely to turn around and bite us harder than we've already been bitten.  &#34;Thoughtful entertainment&#34; or &#34;environmental-horror-docudrama&#34; might come to mind."
I was at the edge of my seat throughout the entire movie.  Wow!  I am recommending this to others for sure.  It makes you think and it makes one wonder what this world is coming to because of all the crap from various sources polluting this planet.  There are consequences of greed."
Good concept but the build up was drug out. I found myself falling asleep a few times. The acting was good but te &#34;live footage&#34; made me feel dizzy and sick. It was hard to stay in suspense with the shacking vibe."
I see dead people. No really, I see dead people all over town. Gripping true story about a real live menace. Eat up."
I understand the concept but this film was horrible. Don't waste your few dollars....go to Star----- and get a coffee instead !"
It's a bit of an oxymoron, but that's what this movie is.  Barry Levinson, the prolific director of classic films from \"Diner\" to \"Rain Man\" to \"High Anxiety\" to \"Wag the Dog\", just to mention a few, is largely responsible for the effectiveness of \"The Bay\".  This film is scary as hell because you can easily imagine how a horror like this could happen--considering the prevalence of factory farms and their use of environmental toxins/drugs/growth hormones, as well as our massive government bureaucracy, routine media suppression, and all the humans who don't want to face the reality of the mess we're making of the planet.  I don't want to reveal anything about the plot, but this is well, well worth the viewing, as upsetting as it was to watch for me as an ethical vegan."
I seriously do not understand why people can give this piece of $@%& a positive review, the only reason I can think of is that these people either worked on this film or are sadistic and want you to suffer. This was bad.. terribly bad. It is the kind of movie where people literally walked away from in the theater.>>> SPOILERS &lt;&lt;&lt;This film does not deserve a well thought out review but I will try and give a few examples of why I think of this movie so awful.Like the other reviewers already mentioned, this is a found footage film. However, the manner in which the footage is tied together is so random that you could die from a seizure in the theater.The problem of this film is the collection of situations and actions in those situations that make up this movie as a whole. Literally every scene is worth a serious face palm. The film starts with a random (and way to long) low quality introduction of the setting, followed by a first victim of the parasite, and it goes down from there. There are scientists that find weird unexplainable parasites and jump into the water to take a look. There are two befriended police officers that come across a house with screaming people, one goes into the house with his gun drawn, the other stays in the car with his seat belt on. There is an agency that specializes in outbreaks (viral, bacterial.. whatever) and does not seem to give a damn when they hear about the mysterious issue's in the town. There is a supposedly intelligent couple (dentist & lawyer) that walk into a ghost town filled with dead bodies near the end of the film.. with their few months old baby.. and the guy actually thinks what he sees is funny!? The list goes on and on.. 2 hours of this crapThen there is the science.. like the only other review I could relate with pointed out. The science is made up by a 5 year old. All conclusions that are drawn, numbers that are given, idea's that are thought of.. it is terribly. Just when you hear something that might be vaguely plausible or logical. i.e. the explanation that anomalies could come from pesticides.. nuclear leaks are drawn into the equation to make it sound better or whatever.. Everything about it is pretty pathetic.T
I was stunned to see that this film was made by Barry Levinson, the man behind such movies as DINER, RAIN MAN, GOOD MORNING VIETNAM and THE NATURAL. This just didn't seem like the sort of film he would make. Granted it rises above most films like this but still it just felt odd.The movie is a combination of found footage and ecological horror film. The town of Chesapeake Bay, Maryland, has something happening to the water supply. Apparently a combination of fertilizer run off combined with radiation and then being dumped into the bay only to have that water become the source of drinking water for the town results in the mishap. What follows is found footage after the government shuts down the town now a location of little more than dead bodies and pollution.When the movie works it is actually due to the found footage design chosen by Levinson to reveal the story. It's not about select people though there are a few characters that we become enamored of before learning what happens to them. The footage is combinations of home movies, news footage and more that explain what people were going through and how things changed in the town. When added together it makes for a horrifying possible series of events that becomes a tad scary towards the conclusion when the last people to arrive on the docks show up.The weak parts of the film are the belief that this would happen to this extent and that the government could actually cover up the disappearance of an entire town, especially since this is a summer resort where people from across the country would likely show up. If you can suspend your belief on these two items then you might enjoy this nature gets revenge type film. If you think that this is too extreme and left your ecology flag back in the sixties then you might not enjoy it near as much."
this is one of those movies where you just want to grab the director and ask him if he has any common sense at all...no logic- way over the top- the actions & reactions of the \"infected\" people were totally unrealistic- there are so many holes in the movie that you start getting annoyed half way through. Mixed (very little) fact with fiction- and the fiction part just destroys any fact credibility.how does the reporter manage to survive despite getting the infected blood all over her, drinking from the fair grounds water bubbler and splashing water from the piers fountain all over her face? total BS- she doesn't get the parasite but the doctor treating people does? that's just one of a dozen silly illogical holes in this movie.coulld've been a great horror flick if the director spent a bit more time on the details and story line."
Oscar-winning director Barry Levinson  enters the found footage arena with THE BAY.  The result is a disturbing and chilling ecological horror film that made me squirm in my seat.  Unlike the PARANORMAL ACTIVITY snoozefests, THE BAY's realistic approach makes the film's impact more impressive.  The possibility of this occurring may have you looking at that glass of water with a little more scrutiny!!!"
This movie scared the pants offa me.I guess my imagination was tapped by the film.Like zombie movies it is not a good film but it is scary and thus worth a watch.Some of the themes were not complete like is there a conspiracy??It is done in the I found a camera later after a coverup kinda way but its never explained what ended up really happening???"
I did not like the movie, I am a horror movie junkie ( if there is such a thing). This  was not horror to me."
Of all the horror films about plagues and contagions, this is probably the most realistic one that I have seen.  The general plot is that an outbreak of parasites in a small coastal town in the Chesapeake Bay starts killing people within a period of 24 hours.  The parasites are actually isopods, marine crustaceans, that are exposed to steroids, growth hormones, and nuclear waste flowing into the Bay.  The larva of the isopods undergo accelerated growth and proceed to eat everything they come across.  Almost the entire population of the Bay is infested with these growing larva, and they are essentially eaten from the inside out.  This movie is presented as a series of lost and found video footage; some of it from security cameras, and the rest of personal video recording devices.  They are strung together as a documentary, and narrated by the key survivor of the isopod outbreak, a female journalism student.  This movie comes across quite believable as the acting is spot-on, the dialog is good, and the special effects are good but not overblown.  T
I'd give it more like 3 and half stars if I could...not because it's bad, but just because it doesn't quite feel worthy of 4-stars (I am pretty stingy with my stars). I was expecting it to be just okay, but was pleasantly surprised. The whole found footage thing is kind of played out, but every once in awhile someone really makes it work (see v/h/s for a perfect example). And it works pretty well here. The story is entertaining, the plot is fast moving, the actors are great...not really a horror film, but the premise will definitely scare the heck out of you with it's possibilities!"
This movie is not too far from the future if we don't change something soon.  I will probably watch this a few more times."
There's isn't much to say about ths film except it's pretty forgettable in most every way. It has it's moments but can't maintain the feeling of dread you might hope to find here, this is not movie making at it's best. Is it terrible? no it isn't terrible. The actors walk through their roles and say their lines. The fading fad of &#34;shakey camera&#34; camera work - first put to use in the sleeper runaway hit The Blair Witch Project becomes tiresome here. If you get the chance to see it on cable or stream it for free I would say give it a shot - you may like it.That said, if you pay to see it chances are if you're both a horror buff and film fanatic you'll wish you had that hour and a half back as well as your money."
This is a surprisingly effective little creep-out about an environmental disaster using supposedly \"real\" police and video footage. I've seen a number of these before and they are usually bad, this however is well done and may actually put a chill up your spine."
Some of the best horror has something to say, and Barry Levinson's latest film The Bay rings the alarm bells on factory farming's disastrous effect on the world's oceans and waterways.It's an taut mix of news footage, found footage and narrative footage combined to create a mockumentary about an ecological disaster which culminates in madness and mayhem in a small seaside town on the 4th of July.For horror fans it has some great gore throughout, and for non-fans it has enough drama and suspense to keep you going until the end. Highly recommended."
The Bay (Barry Levinson, 2012)Barry Levinson's interesting ideas about camerawork in the first couple of seasons of Homicide: Life on the Street set many of the conventions for what we now know as the shakycam/found-footage subgenre of horror film. They were divisive back then, as well; a lot of folks (including every significant other I have had since 1994) find the crazy jump cuts and odd, inappropriate close-ups annoying. But for the rest of us, it made those old Homicide episodes more immediate, more you-were-thereish in a way nothing else could. I wasn't alone in this; after The Blair Witch Project in 1999, shakycam took off as a subgenre, and Richard Belzer's Homicide character, John Munch, lives on on Law and Order: Special Victims Unit. So at least Dick Wolf and Eduardo S&aacute;nchez agreed with me.And now Levinson, in the first sci-fi film of his career, turns his attention for the first time to the genre he effectively owns, but has never claimed ownership of. When it comes right down to it, Levinson, who directed his first feature film thirty years ago, has more experience behind a camera than anyone else who's ever directed a shakycam mockumentary combined. And it shows. I grant you, horror--the feeling of your guts being stirred with a stick-style horror--is an intensely personal thing, and no harm no foul if your mileage varies on this one. But if Levinson's infection mechanism here is the kind of thing that squicks you out, this movie is going to do more to keep you out of the ocean than Jaws AND all its interminable sequels.The movie is offered as, basically, a commentary track over found footage. The commentary is being delivered by Donna Thompson (Boy Wonder's Kether Donohue), who at the time of the events presented was a college student doing an internship for a local TV station. She'd been assigned to cover the July 4 festivities in the lovely (and fictional) little town of Claridge, MD, and was the only person there in a media capacity--who still covered July 4 festivities in 2009 unless they were unpaid college interns, right? But something went very, very wrong in Claridge, and by July 5, the government had confiscated every piece of film and DV, shut down every website that dealt with the contributing factors to the incident, etc. Now a rogue website (think wikileaks here) has leaked it all, and has asked Thompson to fill in some of the blanks.It doesn't sound all that interesting, and it certainly doesn't sound scary. But I can't get into the details without going all spoilery on you, and I'm not going to do that, even if the trailer does; I may have already said too much in the second paragraph. (I apologize to those I talked about this movie to before I actually saw it--I didn't realize how spoilery the trailer was and went around calling it \"Barry Levinson's Killer ________ Movie\" for months after seeing the first trailer.) But even if I can't talk about the mode of infection, I can certainly tell you about the aftereffects, which involve a hospital full of screaming, dying people, and, well, you know what happens to dying people when time passes. Levinson, being the effective bastard that he is, also throws in a crude-but-way-too-effective technique: giving us footage from some out-of-towners who are headed for Claridge to meet up with the wife's parents and see the fireworks. This is blatant emotional manipulation, but it's so well-executed that I didn't care one bit.I will also note for the record that one shot during the climax provided me (and a lot of other people in a sold-out 450-seat theater) the first time I jumped in a cinema seat and yelped aloud since my high school days. All those reaction shots you see in \"indie\" trailers for the Paranormal Activity movies? Yeah, I saw that in real life. Crude, but effective.The Bay opens in selected cities on November 2. It is just as good as Barry Levinson's name on it would lead you to believe. *** "
If you watch any of the SyFy channels self produced movies then you'll know what to expect. Has some entertainment value but don't expect good special effects."
Turned it off after 20 minutes. I couldn't get past the reporter's incredibly annoying narration. Her voice was just awful. Like? everything? was? a? question? you? guys?  And most irritating of all, she couldn't keep her tongue in her mouth. That's right. It was just hanging out of her mouth ALL THE TIME. Like a big, gross pink slug. Whoever was responsible for casting this crap should seriously consider a career change."
Acting was pretty good, the main characters were able to portray non-professionalism into their roles, giving it a home-recording feel at some points, and newbie-reporter fumbling through at others.  The pseudo-documentary style was similar in some respects to &#34;The Blair Witch Project&#34; (Myrick, D. & Sanchez, E., 1999), without being over-done.  The storyline was completely believable, including the mistakes by all of the various government agencies that were involved.  Perhaps the mishandling of the event by the various agencies made it even more believable....This film had been sitting in my watchlist for some time, with me putting off watching it.  Now I'm sorry I denied myself for so long!  It not only kept my attention, but all of the creepy moans got my Collies wound up and turning their heads from one side to the other, trying to figure out where the sounds were coming from - which gave me a good laugh.  That's always a bonus.... I definitely enjoyed the movie and now plan to buy the DVD to add to my growing horror collection."
I randomly came across this movie. I watched it because I had nothing else better to do and was bored out of my mind... until I started watching the movie that is. I was surprised, but it hooked me straight away. It is well made, not too long, and I really enjoyed this 1.5 hour or so. If you don't like mocumentaries based on fake live footage, and/or if environmental issues annoy you, you might not like this movie though."
For this film to be directed by such a good director in the past. This film misses the mark. Another fictional POV film about an infection in the water off of Maine, that infects the town off shore. In my opinion skip this film, because theres nothing there that we havent already seen countless other times."
If you have nothing else to do and want to see a movie to kill sometime or brain cells this is the movie for you."
It's a passable B movie, it's worth a look but I don't recommend buying it. This is not a movie I would watch again."
From a technical point of view, this is one of the better \"found footage\" films to date. It uses various cameras from various locations and quality. Donna \"my pants are too tight\" Thompson (Kether Donohue) is reporting, and not too well, on the July 4th activities in the bay town of Claridge, Md. Everything is fun and games until people start to blister and die.The film is told as a bad documentary by design. It managed to hold my interest for 45 minutes at which point I started to get bored, even with the material they weren't repeating. The film utilizes real facts about Chesapeake Bay and isopods as well as actual footage of the creatures which you think are fake.The idea was to draw attention to the problem of the bay because no one watched the Frontline documentary on poisoned waters and even fewer people cared (from director's interview). The problem is that the terror created by isopods didn't come across as terrifying as I found my self concentrating Donohue's tight pants trying to will a button to pop.I enjoyed the realism more in this film than the \"Paranormal\" series. I also liked the idea of bringing a message to the film. Now if we could take the next step and make it entertaining. This could be done with a witty soundtrack and/or clever dialouge. Maybe having Trey Parker/Matt Stone smoking a joint saying, \"Dudes they're isopods, not Crab People.\"Parental Guide: F-bombs (spoken and text). No sex or nudity. Tight pants that the button never pops."
With the overabundance of cheap, shlocky horror we seem to be getting pelted with hourly, this was a breath of fresh air.It does use a form of the \"found film\" idea along with narrative provided by a female reporter who, as one other reviewer repeatedly notes, seems destined to bust a seam in her drawers.Baby's got back and plays her roll well.The effects were passable to downright unsettling when we finally see parasitic isopods ( of various sizes ) inside a living host or scrabbling in the hollowed out remains of other victims.The film uses real world concerns about \"dead zones\", a well documented occurrence in oxygen deprived waters, a necrotizing fasciitis-type illness associated with the predatory/parasitic isopods as well as the isopods, themselves which do exist in the ocean but, to my understanding, in deep waters rather than the relatively shallow Chesapeake Bay and whose demeanor is probably more of a bottom feeding existence rather than burrowing into potential, active prey.While tension filled and very entertaining, one should not walk into, or away from, this film with any other intention other than being entertained.This was an unexpected horror-gem from Mr. Levinson.Very enjoyable and highly recommended."
The Bay is a message hidden within a film, similar to 2008's the Happening, The Bay tells of the consequences of destroying our environment. In this film, dumping into the Chesapeake Bay has caused a harmless fish parasite to evolve into a human killer. What makes this film unique is the way in which it was shot. The film is shot as a documentary that was posted on a fictional Wikileaks type site, and tells the story of the outbreak in a small Maryland town, on July 4th. The cinematography is made up of everything you'd see at a small town festival, camcorders, cell phone cameras, news footage, police dash-cams, and security cameras. Through a collection of footage from the day, we are told the story of the outbreak by one of the only survivors, who had to let the world know of this tragedy that was covered up by the U.S. government. The different angles and the fact that their really weren't any main characters also make this film unique. The story really isn't much, as it just like a million other horror films. Everything is normal, until people start getting sick, and chaos ensues. It's not the story or even the actors that keep you interested in this film, it's the different pieces put together in documentary form by the narrator, Kether Donohue. Without the narration, it's just a collection of web clips, but there is some interest in finding out what happened to each of the people we see and in seeing them figure out what's going on at the same time that we do. It's not a great story and there aren't any stand out performances, but the film itself is done in such a unique way, that it will be like nothing you've ever seen before. Yes, The Bay is another way of telling us about the dangers of not caring for our environment, in a story that is severely lacking imagination, but it's worth seeing, simply from a stylistic point of view."
\"The first signs that something was wrong happened 6 weeks before July 4th.\" While setting up for the big July 4th festivities a small town in Maryland discovers some residents dead and no clues as to why. The more the doctors investigate the scarier it gets until the whole town is soon infected. This is yet another found footage type movie but it isn't like most of the others. This one is done in more of a interview fashion with the footage being used to help tell the story. Also because of the director (who has done real movies such as Rain Man and The Natural) the movie is technically much better then most of these types. The problem is that even though it flows better and looks better it is still a little boring. The way it is presented makes it seem like more of a documentary then a horror and I was not really scared at all watching. I will say that if you are a fan of these found footage type movies then you will most likely really like this too. Overall, better then most movies like this but not scary and a tad slow. I give it a C."
This is perfect example of a low budget movie using various formats to tell a story that is compelling, scary and thought provoking. It makes you think about the impact of various industries on the eco-system and how our need for disposing our waste can affect the world around us.It moves well, it tells a good story and shows that you don't have to have flashy special effects, a major star or a huge budget. I highly recommend it."
Kind of an interesting story presented as though it was a documentary.  The glowing worm aspect could have been further developed, b
Well, I thought the movie was great and plausable concerning the state of the environment.  The acting was good and it was very realistic. One thing some of the people leaving negative reviews and the victims in the film have in common, is that they both believed (believe) that something like this could never really happen..."
Pollution has taken its toll on the Chesapeake bay, and the residents end up paying for it in a most horrifying way.  Lots of frightening effects, blood, dead bodies and grief ensue.  This is much better than one might think a straight to video movie might be.  Some of the handheld camera work may bother viewers but it is worth sticking with for the story."
I really dislike movies that apologize for being made in the first few minutes the lead actress looks into the camera and suggests they should have hired a voice actor. She was right. And a director. And an editor. And some actors. Oh, and a story that can keep you from falling asleep. Five minutes of dead fish tells you all you need to know about this stew - it's a plague movie and it's as dead at its victims. If you finished it, you were a victim too, because you just wasted an hour and a half of your life.Hey here's an idea; let's take an unusual phenomenon that has plenty of free film so we don't have to film anything, and we'll just throw it into the air and tape together what falls out.The movie belongs in The Bay."
The program just does not have the spark it did last season.  Two major changes are big big mistakes.  The new cast replacement for the oldest daughter was NOT a good idea.  Nor was the decision to make her caustic.  And finally, there is just no excuse for the frequency with which we have to bear the grandson's father."
Tim Allen plays a great part in this show if you want to laugh and relate to family life this is a great show. He outdoes himself in this one."
Last Man Standing is the best!!  Tim Allen is so great at creating good, funny, family entertainment!!  I love all the actors and the characters they've become on the show!  Great chemistry between the actors as well!  I wish there was a lot more sitcoms like this, that don't base there whole show on sex related jokes, humor and innuendos!  Love this show, so glad to see Tim Allen back doing what he does best!!"
Great show.  Tim Allen can always be counted on to give a good performance.  They chose a good supporting cast for this show.  Most shows are funny but some do get into serious subjects as well.  It centers around Tim Allen's character and his family, which consists of three daughters and a wife.  He works at an big outdoor store, with a couple of funny co-workers.  So between the home life and the work life it makes for a different set of laughs.  Check it out.  You'll enjoy it I'm sure."
Good family entertainment, with lots of laughs! I would highly recommend if you enjoyed the same type of humor found in &#34;Home Improvement&#34; and &#34;Rules for Dating my Daughter.&#34;"
I really, really liked the first season of this show.  During the break they apparently brought in a new showrunner.  Bad move.  This resulted in several major changes, all wrong.  First, they replaced the oldest daughter with a different actress, who seams too old and far less believable in the roll.  Then they jumped her son's age by maybe three years and again used a different actor.  Third, they switched actors for the babydaddy, which wasn't so bad, but also made him a much more regular part of the show.  That doesn't work at all for me.The net result is a show that is not nearly as good as last year.  Why must people in TV think that they just have to mess with something which works?  Learn to leave well enough alone."
My son is 8 years old and autistic; he adores animals more than anything. Watching Diego has taught him a lot about different animals, which we both enjoy."
There are many videos out there and this one teaches animal species as well as a little spanish mixed in."
My daughter loves it, therefore I love it.Teaches kids to be kind and caring towards animals.Teaches Spanish words.Is fun and entertaining with lots of singing!I've seen every episode 10+ times, yay me."
My grandson and the granddaughter(1yr old) watch this season often. There is always lots of action and thedialog is good, they speak both Spanish and English and my 3 yr old grandson repeats both the Spanish and English words.He has a speech delay but when he's watching this show I understand everything he says. GO DIEGO is a great show forpre schooler.s.The one year old likes the colors and the action, This keeps them occupied for a little while and when they re done they play with their toys."
My boys love Diego. This was a fun season with some Holiday Episodes included. Perfect timing with Halloween and Christmas just around the corner."
Granddaughter watches this and never get bored. She well watch it over and over I can hardly get her to play with toys."
Both my sons loved watching Diago. It is very informative and adventurous and kids love the title song too. It increases the knowledge about the animals."
My three year old watches this on her kindle EVERY day over and over again!"
I admit that I'm still childishly fascinated (and addicted) to \"Finding Bigfoot\", a weird series somewhere on the border between serious research, entertainment and bunk. For those who never seen it, \"Finding Bigfoot\" is an Animal Planet staple about a team of four researchers trying to find Bigfoot, a legendary ape-man supposedly lurking in the U.S. forests. Official science rejects its existence, but thousands of eye witnesses believe otherwise.In contrast to other monster hunters, the team in \"Finding Bigfoot\" isn't completely scripted. The Bigfoot Field Researchers Organization (BFRO) actually exists. These guys really believe in monsters! I admit that the four investigators are more colourful characters than the actual creature they are tracking. Some of the eye-witnesses are fascinating, as well. Thank God, since the BFRO (so far) hasn't been able to catch a Bigfoot - not even on camera.The most fascinating episode of Season Three is definitely no. 8, which aired only two days ago. Tired of roaming the United States, the BFRO heads for the Gold Coast of Australia to investigate reports about Yowie, a local (and much scarier) version of Bigfoot. This episode is *extreme*: to paraphrase the team's house sceptic R. Holland: I want to believe in the reports, but I can't rule out the biggest hemp party down under! While most U.S. eye-witnesses simply talk about seeing big, hairy creatures in the woods (often for just a moment), the Australian witnesses take things to an entirely new level. As behoves good Aussies, I suppose.One man claims that Yowie, after looking into his window and basically paralyzing him, stole his eight goats, mutilated them and hang them high in a nearby tree to \"send a message\". Sounds like a scene from \"Predator\"! Another witness made the mistake of sleeping in his car, and was in for a rude awakening when a Yowie shook it rather violently. The poor witness felt like he was inside a washing machine. A woman called Pixie saw a Yowie accosted by two dingoes. The \"big fella\" scared them away - apparently, the dogs were in the wrong neighbourhood. Whatever is going on in the Australasian subcontinent, it can't be pretty.I also noticed that several of the main witnesses were Yowie researchers (i.e. true believers) and that Pixie seems to be new agey. But then, Yowie encounters seem to be rarer than Bigfoot ditto, perhaps explaining the \"in-house\" character of the town hall meeting at which the BFRO searched for credible witnesses.After some boomerang practice, an Aboriginal welcome ceremony and an encounter with a rugby team mascot dressed as a Yowie (what else?), the BFRO team heads into the Australian rainforest. As usual, some of their methods to attract the elusive ape-man are pretty unorthodox. Team member Bobo plays the didgeridoo, and on a second field trip the team brings a kangaroo as bait! In contrast to most other BFRO trips, however, the nocturnal excursions turn out to be successful: the team does hear strange howls, a tree mysteriously falls to the ground, and team member Cliff gets responses to his wood-knocks. Finally, Bobo hears strange, human-like voices in the woods (unfortunately not heard on the video recording). If you are positive to cryptozoology, this show will rock your world!Personally, I was struck by the paranormal aspects of the Yowie encounters, played down by the researchers (since the BFRO claims that both Bigfoot and his Australian matie are real, flesh-and-blood animals). The paralysis experienced by the man with the vanishing goats will sound familiar to all researchers of the paranormal. Cattle mutilations are also associated with the paranormal. The idea that Yowie can speak sounds farfetched in the extreme, if we assume that we are simply dealing with an ape. Bobo also reveals that he has a sound recording of a Bigfoot speaking in Apache, saying \"We are here\"! Now, why would an animal use *those* very words?I don't think this show will ever convince sceptics. This third season has experienced its fair share of both high-brow and low-brow dissing. However, if you are a cryptozoology nerd, a true believer in the mysterious, or just have a strange sense of humour (preferably all three!) you might want to check out \"Finding Bigfoot\".They are here. Or, at the very least, down under."
Nothing new here. Move along. Even my son-in-law who used to love this show is bored by it. Catch the damn thing and put these shows out of business."
I like to keep an open mind about the paranormal and cryptids but I'm definitely on the fence about whether Sasquatch/Bigfoot is real.  Therefore it's no big surprise to me when they find no real hard evidence aside from the occasional footprint.  The group is fun and their dedication is commendable."
FINDING BIGFOOT is awfully scattered about on Amazon ~ so I'm doing a generic review for several of them.This has become one of my favorite shows. It does me no harm nor embarrasses me to compare the show to Cousteau's work or Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom with the equally great Marlin Perkins. Here, the explorers except one are amateurs. \"Bobo\" Fay, a man I know I recognize from TV or film from his work as a stuntman, is great comic relief and a Sasquatch believer extraordinaire.Matt Moneymaker, who may or may not have relatives in my hometown, is the self-proclaimed \"leader\" (the others lashed him over that mistake, since they consider themselves co-workers/equals). Ranae Holland, a lady I admire deeply, is the scientist (a field biologist who used to study birds, I think). The last good fellow is Cliff Barackman.Cliff Barackman is the reticent fellow--talks the least but works just as hard. This team comprises the Bigfoot Field Research Organization (hope I got that right, I always reverse \"field\" and \"research\" but I am accustomed to the arrangement \"field research\"). They go to particular places, meet with the witnesses town-meeting style, then get to investigating the three most credible witnesses.All of that is basically what the show is; however, I compare it to the other great shows of my youth because these folks are going out and doing the work those Old School greats also did for TV. One day, I know it will occur, they'll find and film a real Sasquatch. Some may disagree with me, but I believe Roger Patterson's 1967 film is the only authenticated and proved documentary of a real Sasquatch.In the first season, you may witness squabbles. That was unfortunate and I know the whole crew lashed out at their producer for showing that--they also nailed him for making them look stupid, which unfortunately he did. It seems they demanded a more honest, higher quality show.GOOD for them! If the story is true, my impression was they were ready to walk sometime after the 2nd season if things didn't change. For me, that is all I need to know I am seeing real explorers looking for a REAL animal. That's right, I said \"real\". The Sasquatch is real--but I often wonder if my generation will ever see another aside from Patterson's Bigfoot (who is nicknamed \"Patty\").Get this and just enjoy the relaxing pleasure of watching field workers who are not afraid of anything. The creepy locations where they find themselves often startles me, and watching Bobo, who is around 6'6\" and I will not hazard a guess as to his weight, running around in the wilderness...to use his expression, that is as \"squatchy\" as you can get.PERSONAL NOTES: I have given kudos to Matt Moneymaker for speaking out against David Paulides, and if you read my reviews of Paulides' books you'll know why:Missing 411-Western United States & Canada: Unexplained Disappearances of North Americans that have never been solvedandMissing 411- Eastern United States: Unexplained disappearances of North Americans that have never been solved.However, my big hero is Ranae Holland, an out-and-proud lesbian who clearly misses her deceased father. She always speaks of watching Bigfoot shows with him on TV--and he seems to have been a believer. That is touching, and I admire Holland greatly.UPDATE OF AWESOMENESS: Yes, I wrote awesomeness and I meant it. At the start of FINDING BIGFOOT's 4th season, a new special was aired that explored the cast members. It made my day to learn about them all, and I'm sharing it with you:MATT MONEYMAKER, the founder of the BFRO, as it turns out, is a lawyer more interested in Bigfoot education. Well, at least he graduated from law school and that made me admire him so much more--and it explains his manner of speaking plus his bossy attitude. What I loved about Matt, the only married cast member, is his wife is an M.D. and surgeon! (Or at least she was--I'm not certain she actually still practices.)CLIFF BARACKMAN gained much more respect in my estimation when I learned he produces fun DVDs about his own personal, off-show Bigfoot expeditions. They are hilarious and I think Animal Planet ought to share them. Cliff also holds a degree in jazz music and is a fine musician. The wife and I also admire his 15 years of service as an elementary school teacher. Along with Ranae, Cliff is all about education.BOBO FAY happens to be something of a 'chef', and in his heyday was a hell of a surfer. It saddened me to learn that his back is causing such trouble that he requires surgery. As I suspected, Bobo is extremely intelligent and utilizes his common sense more often than most people. We do truly wish him well in his upcoming back surgery; it broke my heart when he explained that his hands often do not do what he wants them to do.RANAE HOLLAND, about whom I learned nothing more than she seems more antisocial than I first assumed, apparently does love meeting and talking with people. Yet she avoided allowing the cameras into her Seattle home (the others welcomed the cameras in except Bobo, who allowed them to film the outside). As usual, though, Ranae managed to somehow say little yet make it all about how fantastic her physique is....But I know better than to simply 'judge a book by its cover'!If I may close with some suggestions for the happy continued success of this groundbreaking show: Ranae, easy on the skepticism! You're scarier than a Sasquatch throwing rocks! Bobo: no complaints. Cliff, pardon me deeply, but you come off as just plain goofy. Can you add some professorial notes to your regular speaking voice? And Matt! STOP SHOUTING! IT ISN'T NECESSSARY!!!And two last things: please stop doing so many Bigfoot \"calls\". It is irritating as hell, and I seriously doubt that it helps at all. Also, Ranae especially, when you chase what you think is a Sasquatch, DON'T trample all over the area where you saw it! Ever heard of \"evidence\"? Footprints? How will you gather any by doing all that trampling?"
As a fan of Monsterquest and someone with a long time interest in the cryptozoology i find the series very interesting, informative and entertaining."
I love watching finding bigfoot! They are getting closer and closer to finding evidence that the science feild needs to prove to them and the world that bigfoot does in deed exsits!"
This is an excellent show for little ones of all ages. The characters are all adorable and cute. All three of my grandsons love it."
Wish there were more episodes/seasons! My son enjoys it so much...and I've even watched and enjoyed it as well.  Very cute and recommend for toddlers.  He has learned a variety of phrases/sentence and some concepts."
I think I like this more than the children but it's a very cute show. I like that they are dealing with big concepts from a small, simple point of view and it has a quirky humor"
This is amazing. My daughter watch this every day.  I think it is really funny also.  It really helps your kids to learn."
This little show is great. The funny part for our household is that one of the ten kids in my daughter's play school class (she's four) wears an Angry Birds shirt so the kids know about Angry Birds (we don't let her play that game). Anyway, my daughter calls Peep and the Big Wide World, Angry Birds. For some reason I find this sweet. The show has nice messages and does a little Sesame Street style thing at the end of each episode where they show children working on something related to the message in the cartoon."
I don't remember how I heard about this but I watched once myself and then again with my wife.  You just really like these guys by the end.  There television show is also very uplifting despite being shot by MTV"
hate this show... so boring... same thing over and over and over... so scripted... so predictable...no issues with playno issues with purchaseno issues at all!"
Some episodes are interesting... like watching a car crash cleanup. Not sure why people would think at anyone remotely close to whom they portray online - would avoid meeting in person if they are normal, real, and in an emotional relationship with someone they met on the internet."
Who would have thought someone brokenhearted by a bad internet relationship gone wrong would and could help right the wrongs of many others, and play matchmaker in the process?Nev is a humanitarian, matchmaker, detective, therapist, and so much more, all rolled into one.  And you gotta love Max too.  I saw Catfish the Movie about a year ago and when I saw that there was a show on MTV, I rolled my eyes and thought to myself, \"really, you're making a TV show out of this?  MTV is just never going to be the same.\"Actually, though, the TV show is actually pretty good.  I love it that Nev is getting addicts and compulsive liars to turn over a new leaf and life.  People that have assumed other people's identities for years are coming clean!!!  I always thought such people to be mentally insane or lacking or imbalanced or unintelligent to say the least, but most of the time, the people who did that were lacking love, or self-esteem.  Some of the perpetrators are even beautiful and gorgeous.  It's like why did you resort to such antics and thievery?  The human psyche is quite complex and this show helps to make sense of certain things."
I didn't know people could be so clueless. If you don't know it's really them have them take a photo of the,selves holding a sign with your name on it. Or a picture of you."
This show is very good.  You never know what is going to happen.  It never ceases to amaze me.  The host if personable and fun to watch.  The show keeps you riveted."
In full disclosure I admit that I love pretty much everything British.  I enjoy that Vera is an older woman and doesn't even try to be glamorous...how refreshing!  The story lines, while predictable, are quite good.  Mind candy for the &#34;whodunit&#34; group."
I'm hooked. I like the relationship between Joe and Vera. Lots of murder and mayhem in quiet? North Umberland. Who'd a thought?"
The personal dynamics between Brenda Blethyn and David Leon keep this series moving. The intrigue behind discovery of the perpetrators as the stories delve deeper into the principals' personal lives makes this series an interesting one to follow."
I really like this series. Complex characters, great acting, excellent production. It has the feel of Wallender being in Northumberland. It has the pace of Midsomer Murders. I just enjoy British detective mysteries I suppose. Loved this series."
This is a different kind of show.  Vera is a very private person, but sometimes her feelings come through all the roughness.  The show holds your interest, and Joe is very easy on the eyes!"
Season 2 was just as good as Season 1.  I love Brit detective and mystery shows.  Amazon, please put more on.  I've seen many Brit shows so I don't mind watching them again."
I read a review of Vera likening the lead character to a female Columbo. In some ways -- Vera's shambling, humble attitude and her makeshift wardrobe -- this may be true. But the razor sharp mind and total dedication of this character are great to watch. Ample helpings of &#34;pet&#34; and &#34;luv&#34; to her suspects never feels totally insincere. Vera's touch of cozy compassion is bittersweet because it doesn't deter her from dishing out justice one bit. Like all detectives in the BBC, Vera has her quirks and limitations, ghosts from the past. I would compare this show's quality to Inspectors Morse and (sequel) Lewis. Not edgy drama like the immortal Prime Suspect, but satisfying mystery with twists and turns."
Brenda is an amazing ACTOR AND MAKES ME THINK SHE REALLY IS A DETECTIVE. IT'S S GREAT SHOW. I'M SO GLAD I FOUND IT ON AMAZON INSTANT VIDEO..."
Unlike American crime series which invariably have the main characters looking like models, alot of the Brit series aren't afraid to feature realistic looking actors. Vera is dumpy, middle aged and not athletic. She drinks and leads a lonely life. But she solves the crimes and is not always right at the beginning of an investigation.......she's a relief after the Law and Order beauties and the gimmicky characters in NCIS .Love this series and recommend it."
She's my favorite detective.  Complicated persona which probably makes her very good at her job.  A sharp mind for detail and human nature."
Stellar acting, particularly  by the series' star, Brenda Blethyn, and interesting stories keep me hooked on this show.  I love the Yorkshire setting."
I love British police shows, and this is one of the best. Good characterizations, fine actors, and plot developments that are interesting and often surprising without being illogical--just like I imagine crime to be. The title character is a flawed and funny (meaning that she's quirky and also has a sense of humor) woman and a brilliant detective--just watch her work! And the actress who plays her is just as brilliant at what she does--just watch her work, too!"
Continues to be good, just not available after second show.  Please offer more of her clever programs of intrigue and mystery."
Just as great as season 1.  Wonderful acting, beautiful scenery, great stories.  It has it all.  Can't wait to see more."
Beautiful countryside locations, excellent characters, and a woman in charge makes a worthwhile must-see series. Brenda Blethyn is a wonderful actress in this role of the main character, Vera."
I don't know whether they were trying for a female Columbo speaking an almost unintelligible but melodic Brit English, but they got it right.  Love the depth and complexity of the character and the typically excellent writing coming out of the BBC."
The British just make the best mystery police dramas.  Right up there with Prime Suspect, Midsomer Murders, Inspector Morse etc."
Vera's gruff demeanor with the police officers she supervises is almost as enjoyable as her crime-solving abilities. A fun who-dunnit to settle in with. Vera is a totally enjoyable character."
I like that you cannot predict what's going to happen next, nor how the story will end. Interesting characters, not the 'made in the mould' cops like so many shows. The characters here have admirable qualities and rough edges at the same time, just like real people do. I really like Brenda Blethyn as Vera. She is excellent. Be aware that season 2 does not have closed caption, which I really like on British shows."
have watched entire series.  excellent story line and character development.  holds attention from episode to episode with new story but ongoing issues within lives of major character.  excellent acting"
I like the characters & the story lines. Brenda Blethyn makes Vera seem like a real human being, someone to whom one can relate."
Interesting cases and characters as well as scenery and ambience.  It is worth watching even if you have read the novels."
Great acting and really good stories.  I also enjoy the English countryside and beaches."
Brenda Blethyn is a joy to watch. Even though she has a tendency to whine a bit, I love the interaction with her and her young partner. She reminds me a lot of Peter Falks' Columbo; she's the female version with the rumpled coat and intrusive annoying investigative style. Wish there were more epsidoes."
British crime dramas are so different than US crime dramas.  Most times there is much less guts and mayhem.  It is more of a mystery and the inspectors and just not like the US ones.  Watch this series and you will see what I mean.  It is great."
Excellent writing, acting, and videography. Believable, flawed characters. Twists and turns, never obvious. Vera and her team are realistic, wonderful and funny."
Just for the interactions of the ensemble in what is the most thick of plots written by a core of excellent writers and performed by an even more excellent ensemble to the point of establishing what it takes to make a difference, BRAVO!"
I loved Vera.  A very human person dealing with her personal life and solving complicated crimes.  Vera deals with the death of her father - whom she has a complicated relationship with - and actually moves into his home.  She discards the remnants of his life - dead animals - and makes his home HER home.  I loved Vera.  Her sidekick is perfect - he supports her because he knows how brilliant Vera is.  Amazing woman.  I love her. She is everywoman."
Really enjoying this series.The stories are good, pacing great. And back stories are really working.Love the show.Great.Kind of like an English Columbo, as some one else stated."
See my review of Series 1 - everything I said in that review applies to this one.  The series continues to engage with its terrific writing, acting and, not previously mentioned, the sometimes strange and almost unearthly scenery.  Continues the strong first series."
My husband and I both love this series.  We are  in our 70's and enjoy most British shows.  We love the main character that is played beautifully by Brenda Blethyn.  She show her weaknesses as well as her strengths.  Joe is a great &#34;side-kick&#34; with his &#34;young family man issues&#34;.  Each crime to be solved shows the &#34;human&#34; side of life both good and bad.  Hope they continue the series."
Still enjoying this show.  Was really bummed out after I finished Season 2 that the next Season was not available for free!"
Only wish there were more of them. show develops as you go along through series. well acted, well written. now than Ive seen them all wish they made more"
Vera is a police detective like no other. At times she looks like a frumpy unhappy woman. She pursues  a case like a dog peruses a bone. Sorry for the short choppy sentences, but  do not let that discourage you from watching Vera at work."
Complex characters with very human motivations make this a stand out series. Brenda Blethyn is superb as Vera Stanhope, a completely unglamorous detective who is often in a bad mood and consequently hard on her subordinates . The supporting cast is believable and excellent --and the stories are moody and will appeal to those who like to savor their detective stories. I particularly liked Silent Voices, in which stories of drowning and thwarted love are intertwined. The beginning, taking place in a beautiful quarry and featuring natural swimming is extremely evocative of the peaceful natural flow of life which can be so tragically interrupted.I read that series three has been aired and four is in the works--I can hardly wait!"
she is so homey - a bit impatient but gets the job done...and her male sidekick struggles to take advise from a woman, especially an older one! but it does work as a great working duo!"
Vera is an excellent police procedural series.  Brenda Blethyn is wonderful in the lead.  It is so refreshing to not have a slim, young, gorgeous protagonist with coiffed hair and 3&#34; heels.  Instead, she is a real, identifiable person who is not always tactful, not always thoughtful to those who work with her, uncomfortable in social situations but she's a good cop.  I love that the show is set outside of London.  These are gritty crimes and a grittier part of the country.  May &#34;Vera&#34; run for many more years to come."
Vera Season 1 & 2, a crusty, no nonsense lady detective who can solve crimes that are beyond human capabilities. The chemistry  between Vera and her team are spot on. Great show, caste and story line. I look forward to season 3."
I enjoyed this series very much. Vera is not a typical police investigator but she has her own way to solve cases. Brenda Blethyn is a delight to watch as she investigates then solves the crimes. She forgets her son's birthday even though he works with her every day. She doesn't act grandmotherly to her grandchildren. Her focus is to solve the crimes in her town. The characters, pacing, and stories are appropriate and interesting. I wish there were more stories to watch!"
Well done with characters that are realistic while holding tension if needed.  The stories are very challenging to figure out and unpredictable which I love."
Vera is a straight forward no nonsense detective who leads a team of police officers to solve homicides. If you enjoy police procedurals, then you will enjoy this series."
Brenda Blethyn is a delight to watch, and David Leon is the ideal sidekick. Excellent story-telling, gorgeous scenery -- what more do you want? This is superior quality entertainment, perfect for those of us who find American television programs unbearable (don't sneer, CSI fans, we are legion!)"
Vera is both likable and not, solving mysteries based on her understanding of human nature.  I'd watch every one in this series with pleasure yet  I would not want Vera to be my boss or even my colleague."
I really like the stories and the actors are a great ensemble cast.  The writing is creative and Vera is entertaining.  She can get a little on your nerves, but the actor David Leon has just the right touch to ground the show and bring it back into reality.  Loved both seasons."
Love this British mystery series..focuses on the characters and plot as opposed to latest fashions and hairdos..wish there were more episodes in the series..Brenda Blethyn is wonderful.."
This show is alright.  There is a trend now to portray women in lead roles in an unflattering way, makingthem rude and overbearing.  When this is overdone it detracts from the entire show."
But sometimes Ms. BLETHYN's tight lipped pronunciations aren't clear, making it hard to understand the dialogue. It's a cross between an overly botoxed face and a constant mumbler. Distracting."
Vera is the kind of Detective Constable Inspector you would want in your corner. She is very off-putting, with her dumpy,scruffy appearance. Old dresses like our granny wore with sweaters and/or a quilted vest and usually a voluminous coat. And, the hair, please, Vera, a nice cut would make a world of difference. But, Vera gives off the impression, she doesn't have the time to fuss.This is the second season of Vera, the great DCI in North Cumberland. She seems to run her office in a slip shod manner, but everyone seems to get things done and knows what to do. Vera is gruff, few pleasantries, lots of inneuendoes. Vera, it seems, doesn't want anyone to get close. We learn more about Vera in this series. She had a serious relationship, Peter, and he died. That is all we know. A distant father she did not spend time with, but she now lives in his house. Vera is a loner, but she has allowed her second in command, DS Joe Ashworth, to become someone important in her life, someone who cares for her. Joe has a wife and two children, and his wife calls Vera, Joe's other woman. Joe is played by David Leon, a good looking young man who has a career ahead of him.If I have a chance to spend time with Brenda Blethyn as Northumberland's very own Columbo, I take that chance, every time!Highly Recommended. prisrob 02-05-13"
I love mysteries and this one does not disappoint. We have a cranky detective who is brilliant, a junior officer who is more than just a yes man, and excellent mysteries. Yes, I'm one of those who likes to figure out the mystery and yes, I take my guess and often get it right. But that only means that the series is playing fairly with me. Sometimes I get it wrong, but I can see how they got there.This is wonderfully acted and is nicely filmed."
Vera is the female Columbo.  She is a DCI with a young male assistant.  She is &#34;frumpy&#34; with a worn raincoat she wears all the time and, what looks like, a housedress or slacks.  She is overweight and just my kind of detective.  I have my &#34;Roku Weekends&#34; that I enjoy.  My husband is fast asleep in the morning.  I have my coffee and my English muffin, and I sit in my recliner with my little dogs, and I stream Amazon.  Vera is one of my favorite British detective shows."
By Season 2, Vera has begun to mellow a bit, and I found myself hating her less.  Stories are still pretty good and Vera iscoming off more human with fewer tantrums thrown.  Actually, I am surprised that the Chief Constable hasn't censured her by now. They say that series 3 is in the making, but I don't think I will lose any sleep waiting for it."
I really enjoy BBC versions of a lot of cop shows. American shows are all T&A; and who is the coolest; the British shows present relatively normal people doing their jobs. I LOVE Vera for this reason and more. In the first season Vera was too crabby and yelled too much at her partner Joe ( and others).In the second season, she was much more civil with co-workers and looked more professional. Her sleuthing techniques were always good but she shared more with Joe this season so I could follow the story line a little better. I like that she's an older, seasoned cop and knows histories of a lot of what happens. She can actually be sweet at times calling someone &#34;pet&#34; or&#34;luv&#34; here and there. Also the actual mystery itself is memorable with a good storyline. Thanks BBC! You are the best!"
You know, I really like a good, well written who-done-it. This falls into that category.  Don't mistake the frumpy housewife looks, the character of Vera has a excellent mind for puzzles. We, the general public, are so used to seeing men in this role or super uptight women, that it comes as a bit of a shock to see Vera in action. Don't be misled. This series has good plots. For Mystery Fans, this is a must see."
It's taken a bit for my ears to understand the Scottish (I think) accent, but even if I don't understand all the words I love the rhythm of it all. The plots are well done and the characters are developing episode by episode. Brenda Blethyn is just a fantastic actress, and I'm hoping there's a Series 3 soon."
Vera is totally unique.  She is unlike any British detective past or present.  She wears unfashionable clothing, her hair is always a mess, she uses the word &#34;pet&#34;  when speaking to everyone, suspects, victims and subordinates.  She has fits of temper.  However, she solves cases brilliantly.  Watch this, you will enjoy it."
I have enjoyed getting to know the characters in this mystery and it has improved since the first season. If you like a good mystery with well developed characters, you'll enjoy this series. I also like that not everything happens in a city. Some things occur in the countryside too and that creates its own problems to enhance the mysteries."
Like the series, there are only season 1 & 2 available, for some reason season 3 is not shown on Prime.  Good solid acting, different stores, more from the rural areas and not the big city crime.It's worth a watch, enjoy."
I just happened upon this series and have really enjoyed it. I hope they continue to make many more seasons."
I enjoy Vera because she is unglamorous and has a few demons from her past that the audience probably will never learn about.  She appears to be tough and anti-social at times, but she can be &#34;real&#34; with her sergeant, Joe Ashworth.  Joe is a loyal husband to his young wife Celine and their brood of kids.  If it wasn't for closed-captioning, this American wouldn't understand half of the dialogue."
Each episode of Vera is captivating. The acting is as real as it gets and the storyline for each show is intense, suspenseful and gratifyingly real. Watch it and enjoy!"
But don't let the outward appearance of Vera fool you...she's one smart lady.  Her sidekick really wants to learn from her how refreshing instead of stepping over her into the number one position."
please add more.  this is such a wonderful edgy series.  I love the British dramas and tv series and have many friends are in agreement.  We hunger for more.  Thanks for this one."
An unlikely lead character keeps you intrigued in this series.  The plots are good and the actors are great.  Highly recommend as an alternative to all of the carefully manicured leads we see in U.S. TV series."
Always enjoy this series -- looking forward to season #3 --- once it's on Prime"
Brenda Blethyn is the perfect cast for this role. As DI Vera Stanhope she's at once unchanging in that she suspects everyone but also instinctively motherly to those she recognizes as genuinely in need of comfort and emotional support. She leads her team as a stern but understanding alpha female. She may criticize severely those who adopt flippant attitudes towards her investigative style but she never forgets her aides are at base as human and weak as she.The stories are written well and every one seems to be original. My only objection to this series, and it really is petty, is the dialect is difficult to understand for maybe half the story. After I watched half the program the dialect was easier to understand. Subtitles would help a lot. That is if they can be turned off at will. Still the series deserves 5 stars."
Seasons 1 and 2 were so fun and entertaining.  The rest of the seasons were less than great and the new wives were too crass.  But Season 3 is better than season 4."
Maybe I missed something but as I was watching away the show turned into this awful group of young people working at Lisa's restaurant. If this is some kind of spin off, that's Bravo's choice but please can it be it's own show and not combined with RHOBH? It was like nails on a chalk board listening to these unknowns acting like rags. The one who was involved with Brandi's story, ok fine but that entire 2nd half of the show is not what I'm paying for by subscibing to Bev Hills HWs."
I believe shows like these are very cathartic. You can watch and better understand some of the dynamics of past and present workings in relationships."
I don't watch much reality TV (honest), but I really love this show. Not in a love-love sort of a way, but more in a love-to-hate sort of way. The people are basically crazy, and there are so many ridiculous petty fights. But the show is addicting, and I will faithfully watch the next season. I'm not proud of this, but there you go."
last year brandi joined lisa as my co-favorite housewife. glad to see her back and as real as ever. i LOVE LOVE the new lady (yolonda) i suspect she has a good set of biting teeth on her. its a mean thing to say but i hope she bites kim first and then idiot taylor. kyle is still her compelling self and it was also good to see sister kathy in the mix- herself worthy of a show-who did i forget? oh yes it was good to see adrienne return. i hope she can work out her differences with lisa (maybe apologize?)anyhow, glad to have this show back. worth the time if u like the franchise and or this particular edition.update: yolanda is now my favorite character. watching her stand up to faye was great to see. stilll love brandi, lisa (she continues to get more interesting and real), kyle (though i wish she would grow a set) could do without taylor & kim. i dont care that adrianne is thin-skinned- that vulnerability humanizes her. that zing vodka party shows that she really is a business woman. poor paul, lol, but anyway. stil love this show. hope they keep yolanda. she aims for all the things worth aiming for in life and is absolutely fearless."
Yolanda is far to classy for this show. Loved the episode of her dinner party and the singing around the piano tradition.. Now that was entertainment. Leave Paul and Adriennda (sp) alone!  Good luck with your sobriety Kim."
Enjoy watching how they live their lives in Beverly Hills, yet still have the same problems as 'regular' people!!  Great Show!!"
Yolanda is oh so superior.  She imagines she takes the moral high ground (that whole rotten apples analogy was ridiculous and made her sound stupid), and her worship of that husband of hers is nauseating.  Mark my words, the Yolanda and what's his name marriage will be finished within five years. Just as an aside, Kyle has the worst taste in the entire universe.  Truly hideous clothes she has chosen for her store.  Does anyone take this stuff seriously?  These women stand for much of what is wrong with America, IMO.  It embarrasses me that people in foreign countries might see this program and think that this is what American women are all about.  Oh, but wait a minute, Yolanda is from Holland isn't she, and she just soars above the others in awfulness.  (I realize that I am watching it and find it to be the best in icky entertainment.And dear little Kim, struggling to stay sober and wanting these awful people to support her when they are just waiting for her to fail.  They are the wrong support system for you, Kim.  You would be wise to keep your distance and seek support from those who understand your struggle.One more thing, I do absolutely love Jiggy and Lisa's sweet, sweet husband, who carries Jiggy around happily. Lisa lucked out with that man, I think.  He is the best of the lot."
The newest housewife Yolanda is a good addition.  Taylor And Kim are Bat-s*** crazy.  Adrienne is too aloof, and  Lisa too self-involved.  Yet, like a bag of potato chips, I can't Just watch one show and walk away.  Now I'm in it for the whole series."
Review of the program content is another issue. I had to watch this due to spousal-pressure and it's not really something I enjoy wathcing...too much gossip and drama for people who have everything.My comment is on the streaming service by Amazon Instant Video. The audio quality of the video did not match up, meaning that the words were not in sych with the movement of the lips. No biggie if you're not watching too closely and just listening, but it is a little awkward."
I've watched all seasons but couldn't finish this one. Brandi's racial remarks and then Lisa's husband's remarks to maid when she asked for just one dress of the many  that Lisa was giving away. All the maid said is she wished she could have one. And he jumped all over her ugh! That did it for me. This show has gone down hill. Nobody gets along anymore. Atleast before there were some fun times. Like I said after the maid thing I was done. Too bad I spent my money on this. That just gives all of them them more money . Like they need anymore than they have already."
Of all the Real Housewives shows, the only one I like is Beverly Hills.  I like that the show tries to put a positive spin on things:  people trying to get along, trying to forgive/forget, and the wymin trying to do good things with their lives.  I watch every week.  I think the show is well worth the cost.  In addition, the show remains entertaining.  See more at vyctoryab dot wix dot com slash xplr."
I really like this program and can't say I've ever watched an episode that wasn't interesting.  I learn new stuff all the time watching it.  I can't remember exactly what Volume 6 was about, but I'm sure I enjoyed it."
This is the show that other pawn like shows should be measured. After all the time that has past, it is still entertaining and enjoyable."
The negotiation of price at a pawn shop is very interesting but more so, the enormous wealth of knowledge provided by the lead character and his consults makes for a very entertaining show.  I highly recommend it for those merits."
the series is interesting and very informative. The characters make the show"
can't get enough of this series.  could easily overdose ina weekend if more episodes were available for free.  Just enjoy it."
This show seems boring to us"
Love it, You just never know what going to happen or show up at the shop. I still can't believe after someone comes in with an item and the guys say the value is low they get an appraisal  and now the value is higher, The customer now wants the high retail value."
I love this show and that it's available on Prime. every season Pawn Stars becomes more entertaining although I find Corey more annoying."
always watch that show!  only now i watch it on another device. as i did this one. liked this epe. because of the birthday. teaseing the poor guy! and giving him ? a must see ."
This series is still interesting even after six seasons.There's always something new and different to see.The whole premise of a show about a pawn shop was not going to be something I would watch,but my kids got me started on it,and I did become an occasional watcher.Then,on a trip to Vegas with my kids,we stopped in to witness a taping ourselves,and I began watching more often.It's still a good show and some of the items are quite unusual.Think &#34;Antique Road Show&#34;,but in a pawn shop."
Every show is great with things to learn and laughter to be had. Don't miss this show well worth your time."
A very informative show.  Love every episode.  I hope they continue to bring us more quality entertainment.  Love Chumlee.  He gets a lot of abuse."
We really enjoy this show. The history is very interesting and we love watching the family interact. You never know what new gaget or book or gun or toy you will see next.  My whole family enjoys the show."
I gave it five stars because this is fun to watch. you never know whats going to come into the pawn shop. some items are very rare and worth a lot of money. I recommend this show to everyone."
Diversify your knowledge while being entertained.  It's how all classes should be taught. Also get a few tips on how to neogtiate with a pawn broker."
Get rid of money and have them teach us how to barder. We can learn economics from these guys. Chumlee is a great sidekick."
We love this show! It is funny, educational and family friendly.  We are so glad that Amazon Prime carries this show for free for Prime members.  We can hardly wait until the next season comes available.  Keep it coming Amazon Prime!"
If you read any of my reviews, you know I'm not going to tell you any spoilers. So, here's my take on this film: It's more of a mental issues mixed with a desperate situation. By the time you get to the middle of the movie, you will feel for the son and what he has and is going through. It has a touch of male bonding too, which lends to the storyline nicely. It is not a full on horror movie in the sense of slicing and dicing, it's more like mental horror. Great flick! Worth a watch."
I will watch anything with Lance Henrikson in it. And in these dry times for horror fans, I was glad to find this one. Its 
This movie fits the definition of &#34;Horror&#34;  there were two parts I had to look away from, I jumped out of my seat at least 3 times and it scared the &#34;be-jeebers&#34; out of me more than once - honest - don't pass on this one; you'll enjoy it."
For some reason Hollywood seems to think that the more money you toss at a film the better it will be. The failure of some of the costliest films ever made should have taught them that that isn't always the case. Another thing that should have taught them better is when incredibly low budget films produce large offerings of talent and story. Such is the case with this film.October (Sean Elliot) is returning home to visit with his father, a man he lost touch with several years back. Just why they lost touch is never explained until later in the film, but we know there was some horrific event in their lives that caused October to drift away.Russell (Lance Henriksen) is the local sheriff and he's been waiting for the day his son would return. The trauma that separated the two is in the past and his hopes are that with a camping trip in the local woods things can be set straight.Things take a turn for the worse when Russell thinks he sees something in the woods turns to shoot at it and falls from a low hanging cliff to the rocks near a river. The result is severely fractured leg that October, a med student, can set but that will impede their ability to get back to their car. Besides the injury the other main concern is this creature that is attempting to kill both father and son. Just what this creature is becomes a plot point in the film.While the pair try to combat the monster that stalks them, a quick and vicious creature that they both see on and off, they stick close to a tree they fortify with spear like defenses and begin to simply talk to one another. The conversations they have are not long winded or lengthy but each one reveals more and more of the characters and their affections for one another that were cut short with the tragic event they both shared.Flashbacks that are dropped in as hints eventually reveal the entire story. Without giving away anything I will say that they involve father and son and a young girl that Russell brought into their lives years ago who grew into a lovely lady that October was in love with. With each snippet of film that shows the three characters growing older and changing with time we see the closeness of this family. Not until late in the film are we shown what happened and honestly it wasn't something that was easy to guess at early on.As Russell's wound grows worse and the chances of their survival dwindle, October realizes that if they will live it will only happen two ways: either he will have to get help or he will have to confront the creature that is stalking them. Can he confront this evil? Will either of both survive? And what of that mysterious event that happened long ago?The best and most impressive thing about this movie is the acting on display. I'm new to Elliot but he does an admirable job in the role of October. Henriksen does his usual stand out performance. A star of many low budget films he has been an actor that has turned in more outstanding performances than anyone would give him credit for. Henriksen is one of those actors who can take a small role and make it seem outstanding. You would be hard pressed to find a bad performance from him.The movie is a great example of what I call a slow burn, a story that unravels itself rather than just throw it in your face during the first 15 minutes. Movies like this are rarely made these days due to what I consider the MTV generation, a group of young movie goers who want everything placed in front of them and want it now without having to wait or think things out. One day I hope they discover how they short change themselves from classic films and from movies like this one. Who knows, maybe they'll discover it and it will make them seek out others."
Every once in a while, I run across a film that almost defies description.  These films are always well made and are so broad in scope that they could fall into one of several categories.  They are also so good that a simple review like this one cannot do them justice.  I have found one of these rare gems with IT'S IN THE BLOOD, a recent release from Monarch Home Entertainment.  Aside from boasting one of my favorite actors in a lead role (Lance Henriksen), this film is vastly entertaining and well worth the watch.I don't know if I've ever mentioned it before, but I'm a big Lance Henriksen fan.  I've enjoyed seeing him onscreen ever since I saw ALIENS, way back in 1986.  IT'S IN THE BLOOD gives him the opportunity to show just how diverse of an actor he is.  I had the distinct pleasure of meeting him a couple of years ago, and he is truly a great guy to be around.IT'S IN THE BLOOD is shot very well and the movie itself looks amazing onscreen.  The acting is excellent, with both Lance Henriksen and Sean Elliot giving outstanding performances in their roles.  The special effects are great too; we even get to see a bit of gore and even the staunchest of gore-hounds should be pleased.But where this film truly excels is the storyline.  Dread Central calls this, \"...one of the finest and most unique independent horror films in recent memory,\" and they are dead on with that assessment.  I am truly impressed with the plot and the writing here.  It is chocked full of symbolism and metaphor, but neither is overdone or cliched.  The result is a finely crafted horror film that will leave you satisfied on several different levels.IT'S IN THE BLOOD has garnered several awards and they are all well-deserved.  I highly recommend giving this film a look and suggest you do so soon.  The film is available now in several formats."
There's just something about lance henriksen's work for years and years that attracts me..Even enjoyed his television work on series 'Millennium&#34;., which i didn't always GET, but it did provide a different sort of t.v.programing...On a whim, bought this second hand online for rainy day entertainment,when ive read all my books...(yup,it's true..no KINDLE.).Still luv lance's gravelly,smoke weary voice and that face that carries deep grooves,..but thats about it..Don't believe i finished watching it..Gave up..What the hell is that crap stalking the woods???Why oh why, must movie people throw in those endless flashbacks of a beautiful,mysterious girl, laughing, twirling ,running her perfect face,skinny butt, through fields of flowers???After having viewed thousands of movies in time, this is an immediate turn off.~~~~Of course, we realize early on,she's going to have to pay the price....Ah, well, if your a newbie to film, or very young, u might like this sorta thing, some grisly moments newbies might enjoy and then of course a little sex strewn about,which im not opposed to...but all in all, not for me. It was juvenile...Instead look up some of lances's old work, like in ALIEN;or theres a movie he made years ago where he is part of a marauding bunch of vamps, that is down and dirty, AND thoroughly enjoyable...What was it's name?...darn it...sometimes menopause sucks."
Forgiveness, acceptance and closure are the themes of IT'S IN THE BLOOD, a psychological drama masquerading as a horror movie.  The script by Sean Elliott (who also stars) and Scooter Downey (who also directs) is both intriguing and frustrating.  Elliott and Lance Henriksen play the estranged son and father who reunite for a hunting expedition ostensibly to patch things up.  As the story unfolds, we learn of the tragic event that led to the rift between the two men.  An odd blend of fantasy and flashbacks reveal much about each character.  The acting is quite good, Henriksen doing his best work in years.  Elliott offers a sympathetic performance and Rose Zirna is a striking Iris with Jimmy Gonzales a chilling villain.The film's conclusion is a little weak in clearly defining what we have just viewed, but I think the viewer can tie up the loose ends to their own satisfaction.  Fans expecting a \"horror\" film will probably be disappointed but fans looking for something different should be pleased."
Save the Date is a sweet and yet serious indie flick about two sisters who are as different as night and day. Sarah is terrified of commitment (Lizzy Caplan) and Beth (Alison Brie) is happily engaged. Sarah's live-in boyfriend proposes to her in a very public setting and she breaks up with him, and immediately begins a sexual relationship with Jonathan (Mark Webber). Beth is cynical about Sarah's new situation, she feels her sister is just passing time and is afraid to take risks in her safe little world. I thought Lizzy Caplan and Mark Webber have intense and wonderful chemistry, and I also thought Caplan's performance was heartbreaking and electric, this is the best I've ever seen her. Save the Date is a great film, it's not for everyone but if you're a fan of indie flicks then this one is for you. Enjoy!"
Save the Date really *really* stinks.  It goes nowhere.  It basically sums up the romance genre in one predictably written cliched 80-minute film.  A young woman with low self-esteem moves in with her boyfriend.  She never really does anything that makes us believe she's a perfect match for the man in her life.  Maybe she's depressed or maybe she just has a negative outlook on life.  Who really knows.  It never says which one.  She cares WAY too much about herself as well, like the world should revolve around her \"problems\".She just... does nothing really.  Okay, she hangs out with friends and appears in all the places where guys can hit on her despite how embarrassing the men look when things suddenly go wrong (such as the one musician who jumps off stage and proposes marriage to her resulting in her running out of the concert as quickly as possible due to overwhelming shock and embarrassment).  Somehow even *this* scene blows due to lacking excitement.The tone is way too serious to be a comedy- that's a MAJOR misleading part of the movie description.  Nothing's even remotely funny ever.  The movie never even makes an effort to be hilarious.  All the characters are lifeless and dull with no personality whatsoever and the writing wouldn't make the grade in any other context, let alone a film.  Save the Date reminds me of a time when a film as poorly written as this wouldn't have stood a chance of seeing the light of day in theaters or DVD.  It's amazing amazon doesn't create a 0-star rating feature because Save the Date would easily be placed in the dark hole of 0-star ratings.  I highly recommend avoiding this."
Hmm.  I can remember the day when independent filmmaking - of which I'm going to handily conclude SAVE THE DATE was intended to be a part of - came about because Hollywood (aka Tinseltown, aka LaLaLand) wasn't making the character-centric dramas, dramedies, and comedies true artists and film lovers wanted or, in the very least, wanted to appreciate.  Typically, indie features honed in on characters who were out of the mainstream - sometimes bizarre types who behaved in increasingly unconventional fashion, perhaps even border anti-social or even sociopathic - and celebrated their existence, be they prostitutes or drug users or some other Rastafarian malcontents.  But - maybe ten or so years ago - I noticed a somewhat disturbing trend: the independents realized they couldn't get studios to commit to their more typical ideas, so they started making them to.Though SAVE THE DATE won't win any awards for exploring brave new content with singularly divisive characters, it'll probably force audiences to crack a smile or two in ways the indie scene of twenty years ago would've thumbed its collective nose at.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last two paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)Sarah (played by the winsome but curiously thin here Lizzy Caplan) can't catch a break in life.  When her overzealous boyfriend Kevin (Geoffrey Arend) proposes to her with disastrous results in front of his bar band crowd, she slinks away into the arms of Jonathan (Mark Webber), an adorable `golly shucks' marine biologist who better rings her bell.  But as her sister Beth (Alison Brie) sees her approaching nuptials on the horizon, Sarah can't seem to come to grips with what she wants out of life - a career? a love? a cat? - and, unless true love rears its ugly head, she might spend the rest of her days a sullen, dreary social outcast.To my surprise (and maybe a bit of confusion), SAVE THE DATE predictably hits a lot of the marks normally reserved for the latest Julia Roberts / Rene Zellweger / Reese Witherspoon rom-com.  (Was Katherine Heigl unavailable?)  Michael Mohan directs from a script that he, Jeffrey Brown, and Egan Reich wrote, and - unless I miss my guess - I think any of number of bankable high-priced actresses would've been happy to put their name up in the lights alongside this material.  Why this stuff was relegated to an indie feature remains a mystery to me as there's very little in here that pushes any boundaries or borders.  In fact, much of this stuff is the province of major network sitcoms, if I'm not mistaken, so why this one garnered an R rating is an even bigger puzzle.  Perhaps the ratings folks hoped it would make the film appear more edgy?Still, DATE is full of nice performances.  Martin Starr - as Beth's husband-to-be \"Andrew\" - continues to impress with his ability to underplay practically anything he appears in and still get mileage out of his beat.  Webber, as well, pulls back every note with effortless charm, creating a beau audiences can root for even when he appears unwilling to do the same for himself.  Caplan and Brie - for all of their strengths - could've swapped roles, and I've no doubt both could've pulled off either's intentions with some ease, though I'll admit Brie's \"Beth\" felt less authentic than she should have; I won't fault the actress, but I'll gladly fault the script.The central problem with the story is that, unlike a traditional independent feature, the writers fall back on way too many formulaic developments in order to move the plot along.  These couples fall in and out of love (or whatever it is the screenwriters present as a reasonable facsimile) based on the highs and lows of their day.  While that may be a sentiment strongly reserved for twentysomethings, I daresay it isn't part and parcel of any adult, real-world relationship.  Generally - from what I've seen - when one partner is weak, the other is strong; and that's what makes the world go `round in reality.  And, if you believe futures can be established over the flip of a switch, well then there's nothing like the stability of an unplanned pregnancy to pull it all together in a big finish and solve everyone's problems.SAVE THE DATE is produced by Gilbert Films, Instinct Film, Night and Day Pictures, and XYZ Films.  DVD distribution is being handled by MP Media Group.  As for the technical specifications, the picture looks and sounds smart, though I'll admit there were two sequences wherein I had to activate the English subtitles to understand what Ms. Caplan was saying in a poorly miked sequence.  And what would any pretentious independent release be without a wealth of special features to underscore its relevance?  (That's sarcasm, folks.  Really.  I enjoy special features.)  There's an audio commentary from director Mohan, some deleted scenes (nothing all that grand), less than two minutes of outtakes (that's all?), a music video, and some trailers.  It's a respectable collection, and that's nice as so many big budget features don't offer nearly as much.RECOMMENDED.  Despite the obvious Hollywood conventions being incorporated into an independent feature, there's much of SAVE THE DATE that's worth enjoying.  It offers some smart though predictable performances revolving around a safe, harmless plot centered on twentysomethings all in the midst of trying to figure out life.  It may not shatter any world views, but its benign charm might just muster enough spark to win the day so long as you don't look too closely at the seams.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group provided me with a DVD copy of SAVE THE DATE by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review."
One sister plans her future in obsessive detail like a 1950's debutante.  The other is more bohemian and lives for the moment.  For once Hollywood doesn't blame the struggles of either sister on immaturity or selfishness of boyfriends, parents, or even each other.  Some middle aged women may be shocked or angry at how many deeply personal truths are revealed.  The ending is unforgettable."
\"Are you happier?\" Sarah (Caplan) is starting a new life living with her boyfriend but she isn't totally sure that is what she wants. After a few months she is starting to relax when out of nowhere he proposes to her. After saying no she moves out and isn't sure what to do next. The whole time this is going on her sister is getting ready to marry his best friend. I will start by saying I know the movie isn't geared toward me (being a man) but I did think it was OK. It is a little cookie cutter and the \"twists\" you can almost feel coming the entire time. If you have seen the movie Your Sisters Sister this is very comparable to that one although I thought that was a little better. As far as a date movie goes there are better and more romantic choices but this is not a bad movie to watch with your significant other. Pretty much if you liked Your Sisters Sister you will like this one as well. Overall, a little generic b
This season was a pleasant surprise. I am a Top Chef devotee, but I was somewhat underwhelmed with the past couple seasons. Season 10, however, has a great cast of characters, interesting challenges, fun judging, plus a great winner!! Happy I bought the season."
Okay first, let me give a review that everyone gives 5 stars to.  This was great. The judges are funny and know their food.  Love the city and they changed things around.  that is it.  thank you and have a nice day.  You guys will give me a perfect review score now right?  i love these one liners that say nothing and get 5 stars.  This show is followed by those who are so bitter by the success of Gordon Ramsay who is on primetime, and carries an audience all over the world.  Top Chef?  Not even close in numbers, and for a reason. But for its channel and time slot, it does very well.  The last time i went into reasons why i liked it, I talked about the judges, the format, The obvious beautiful woman, and this season they have brought in more judges which means more personality, restored a career or two, and with the format changed once again I think it's great.  They brought back a few chefs that almost won in recent years, and they do a challenge against a real Top Chef.  It's fun all around. I like this show a lot. I am not in Love with it the way i am all of Gordon Ramsay's shows. However, I own all of Top Chef Seasons because i am a fan.  And they do seem to change things a little each season but not to much where you notice that the entire look is different.  i will leave it at that. It's good and fun to watch and a little different. That should be good enough for a 20 star review!!!!!  Right? lol Oh while im in here, one genius said all they do is fight on masterchef.  If anyone watches that show, and they do, you would know they compete, not argue.  In top chef, one person actually got thrown off the show for putting his hands on the other, and they all fight all the time. It gets a bit much actually.  Masterchef, they are nothig like that.  Also if Ramsay was not loved, lets look at the shows  he carries himself, Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares, Ramsay's Kitchen Nighmares(British Version), The F Word,  Masterchef, Hotel Hell,  Gordons Great Escape, Ramsay Behind bars, Ramsay's Best Restaurants (British) and one more i am missing. So i think, and i could be wrong, im sure some idiot will have something to say, but Ramsay still owns the this type of show and more. Most famous, and I think second place in the world for most Stars for his actual restaurants.  He still finds time to study in othe countries to learn about their food and apply it here in the states. I would not even compare the two but it seems everyone else wants to. And its a shame. I think we can judge each show as an individual.  They are both very good and a lot of fun.  oh, don't forget to give me a 0 star rating. This actually had thought and facts....sorry?"
Not the most interesting season so far, but quite entertaining. The prizes they have been giving for the past several seasons raise the stakes, but must make the first couple of seasons' competitors a bit jealous.  I look forward to more episodes."
This show is fantastic, if you have liked any season there is no reason that you wont like this one.Recent seasons have seemed to get a bit hokier - Texas was definitely off the rails. With that said though this is still one of the best reality shows available.Season 10 advertises that it has gone back to basics and this season seems to show it. This season seems to have less drama and has one of the more likable casts in a recent memory."
i am not a long time watcher of this show.  i am a good cook but until recently art was my passion, not cooking.  however, my husband and i both recently got high cholesterol readings plus he got a high blood pressure reading.  so i decided i needed to creatively intervene in our food. i thus cannot use all of the ingredients they use here but that is not why i watch.  i watch because everyone cooks like artists' create.  they start with an idea and build it from the ground up with their imaginations. they also present the finished dish as a work of art.  this all appeals to me.  shows with rigid use of recipes do not. i can look at recipes, get an idea of how a dish is done, but that is all.  i then create something of my own.  watching these chefs is thus identical to the way i've always worked.  i especially enjoyed the berry episode because i like combining berries in my cooking too.my criticisms are these:i don't like all of the interpersonal drama between the chefs.  a little of this would go a long way.  instead, we get a lot of it. i would prefer more closeup shots of the actual creating the food moments, including the chefs' correcting a nearly fatal error or failing to do so as that is the apex of the creative experience.i don't understand why the woman is in charge of this show (Padima). she is not a chef.  she has no credentials of any sort in any field as far as i can tell.  why is she judging food?  at least HEIDI KLUM models clothes which gives her SOME credibility in hosting and judging PROJECT RUNWAY. it doesn't sit well with me that she makes all of these hyper critical judging remarks when she has no culinary talent herself.  the other judges have a right to be so critical as they are top chefs throughout the country."
Not to say the talent last season was sub par, but the challenges were getting a little game show gimmicky. I was thinking they were going to play Plinko to pick their protein. I get the feeling the producers were feeling this as well. So far my wife and I have been really enjoying the fresh twists this season.  I was shocked that Stefan was not picked for Top Chef All Stars, glad to see him get a second chance.Anyway, this show has always been a 42-43 minute vacation each week to watch highly talented professionals make incredible creative creations. Besides Michael Palin's travel narratives, this is the best reality television around."
There have been some interesting events, including celebrating the 10th year of the show! Winners or participants  and even past events have returned and created new challenge for the current cheftestants. It's fun to watch how this works out!"
My daughter and I watch this religiously!  Itsa great to watch how creative some of these chefs are! Well done!"
For Top Chef addicts, Season 10 will not disappoint. They've removed some of the game show silliness that crept into the competitions previously, making time much more important in each stage, and really thought about some clever challenges we haven't seen before.Tom is of course on top form, Padma has a new wardrobe in every single scene, and Gail states the obvious almost every time she speaks. The addition of Emeril as a judge is a master stroke, at once bringing authority, experience and enthusiasm to the competition.I stopped watching MasterChef because of the overly dramatic music, ridiculous fights created by editing and basic tiredness with Gordon Ramsey. Top Chef keeps the focus on the food and keep infighting on the back burner where it belongs. I actually feel I learn something in each episode rather than seeing about who hates who.My only complaint is that some of the new camera work in this season is really awful - they've added a crane camera set up and starting doing the \"ramping\" effect that Michael Bay uses instead of plot. It's distracting and unnecessary but that aside, I'm really enjoying this Seattle season."
I don't have cable and was introduced to Top Chef at my parents house years ago. Since then I have been catching it on Netflix, then iTunes and now Amazon. This by far the best. I can watch it on my laptop or computer or iPad and it always knows where I left off. So much easier than iTunes. As soon as I get my Roku, I can watch on TV!"
I purchased the first six episodes for my kiddo hoping and praying there would be no puppets as there are in half of the season 1 episodes. No such luck. My kid loves Caillou but every time there is a puppet \"intermission\" between shorts the kindle gets slapped silly until the cartoon is back on. It would be nice if Amazon would mark which episodes have these ridiculous puppet shows."
My 3 year old girls love this show. Each episode is focused on lessons and skills children can use in their everyday life. Caillou is fun and adventurous making the show even more appealing."
I'm not the biggest Caillou fan but he isn't for me. My five-year-old daughter and 2-year-old son love this show. They can't get enough of it. I don't understand the draw but I'm totally fine with that! They learn about getting along with others, sharing, caring, etc. in a way that they can relate to."
Check out the display case the week of September 16-20th for constitution week.  Stop by the LRC and add your signature to the constitution."
I enjoy watching Caillou with my 3 year old granddaughter.  He goes on so many adventures and it teaches that if things don't always go as you like it.  Find a way to still have fun and enjoy whatever adventure you are on."
My grandson loves to watch Caillou, I enjoy watching and though I have read several blogs that parents do not like Caillou as they may say he is a cry baby or he never grows hair...well, kids are like that and my daughter didn't get hair until she was 2 years old!  Small children don't see he doesn't have hair...but the notice how difficult he can be as are all children so it turns out that they see how they behave and my grandson and I talk about that...he is doing better!  Thumbs up Caillou!"
This is my grandson's favorite show and with Amazon prime he can watch it anytime! Caillou really makes an impact on kids."
My grandson looks at all the shows.  He sings all the sons. Very pleased with this show through amazon video"
I like it because it shows more realistic where Caillou has to learn by failure.My daughter likes it because he experiments new things.My son correlate him to this character."
How could you not like Caillou.  Unlike some shows, this holds our 3 and 4 year old's attention & they're eager to watch it.  I think it teaches them about family and how they interact.  It seems to draw them into it too, watching how Caillou experiences some of the same things they do."
I have the TV season pass. Must say, I will be curious to see where they take this new season of Adventure time. Show is so addicting watch. Can't stop watching it!"
love the show --we watch it and have a blast,  in this case dorks are wild.  keep up the good work"
Love the show, characters, music, story, art, everything. This is one of the most entertaining cartoons out today. Pen Ward is a genius."
Love this show! So fun and funny. Characters are great and love the stories that usually end abruptly. The Ice King is so sad but funny - we love him. Kids can watch too but they won't get it all. I love having a cartoon to watch that is something besides The Simpsons or Family Guy. I like those shows, but some of the humor can get to me after so many episodes. Not so with Adventure Time. Also like two short episodes within each show, which is much more like the cartoons of old. What time is it? Adventure Time!!!"
I love Adventure Time but let me tell you that this season is EXTRA off the wall and weird. Almost too weird so some episodes are not that enjoyable."
\"Adventure Time Season 5\" contains 13 unique and lighthearted cartoon episodes.  The shows center around Finn and his trusted dog Jake (set in a colorful post apocalypse reality). With this edition being season 5, I would recommend novices of Adventure Time to check out the previous shows first (in order to more completely understand the theme and characters).  There are diverse messages in this series to appeal to men and women from various backgrounds. My personal favorite show from season 5 was Candy Streets due to both the \"who done it mystery element\" and the sense of spontaneous mission related exploration. Candy Streets is positively reminiscent of \"Mystery Train\" (from season 2).  Another alternative way to decide if this season is for you: Watch the free youtube showings of \"The Bravest Warriors\" from the Cartoon Hangover channel of Youtube. The reason for this recommendation: \"The Bravest Warriors\" animation and fun cartoon messages are similar to what you would get in \"Adventure Time Season 5\"."
Great cartoon one the best cartoons CN has made or produced in a long time if you love cartoons I recommend this one very strongly"
Bought a season pass, new episodes come out but amazon does not update? The quality is good most of the time depending on your internet. Wish amazon would deliver the new episodes."
This seasons adds a lot more to the characters and t
I enjoy the characters a lot and the subtle (sometimes) adult humor.  Not sure how I found myself enjoying this so much, but I do."
this is a great show and my 5 year old son loves it.  he will watch it over and over"
Well put together, I don't believe not one curse word was in it.  Good actors, did their job well.  Although a good movie, I would not allow teenagers and children to view this movie.  Lot's of killing in it.  Not something I would want my child to dream about at all.  But, to the parents, it is okay to watch."
I just can't, I can't-----I can't stand the bad acting and that Jenny Whatever actress---just horrible, horrible...what is up with her mouth, it was soooo distracting, then it hit me, the actress is slurring her lines! Sooo unrealistic----sorry, but Lifetime was always known for being corny, but some of the old Lifetime Movies were pretty interesting....NOW, they just suck.....don't bother, move on and don't waste 15mins on this drivel....I was actually rooting for the crazy psycho to get this horrible actress with the annoying mouth, the bleached hair and the dead eyes----just can't get pass the 15mins....just can't!"
Typical formula murder mystery that falls shy of the intended goal. Matthew Rhys is surprisingly good as the bad guy, but police-trained people, or even amateurs, who watch the show will be more than disappointed."
Pleasantly surprising and well concocted drama about a string of serial murders investigated by a super smart lady with two Professional backgrounds in Law and Medicine(Psychiatry)  Well worth watching as the suspense builds right up to the very end.  I never heard of this fictional detective, but would like to see any prequels or sequels filmed following her work!"
Did not finish watching the movie, did not care for the plot. I found the movie to be a bit gory."
Wish I had read reviews before I even tried to watch this.  Gave up after about 15 minutes.  Absolutely nothing to make me want to waste any more of my time.  Seems this &#34;work&#34; is another bit of self promotion by Nancy Grace.  Think she best stick to whatever her fan base is willing to put up with!  She isn't a serious threat to Lee Childs or Michael Connelly, nor even Clint Eastwood and his last few screen bombs!"
Truly one of the worst movies I've seen -- writing, directing, acting, you name it. The lead actress was absolutely pathetic. If this is how Nancy Grace views herself, it speaks volumes. I'd rather have a root canal than see this movie again."
Strange movie that had a very strange ending. Acting was average and story line OK but not great. Not a great movie but acceptable."
I was disappointed in the casting / especially the walk on by Nancy Grace- you got to know whento step aside.  Some one professional should have taken over.  A terrible waste of energy."
Based on the New York Times best-selling novel by Nancy Grace, the Lifetime Original Movie The Eleventh Victim is the ultimate suspense thriller. Atlanta Assistant DA Hailey Dean (Jennie Garth) goes after the really bad guys."
Once i started watching had to go back and start with season one and finished till the end, its addicting"
I only saw a couple episodes of The Shield's last season and was sorry I didn't get started from the beginning. Now that it is streaming on Amazon Prime via my ROKU I started with season one episode one and I'm now almost through season 2. I love Michael Chiklis in this role. You can be sure that I will watch every episode of every season and will be sorry when it is over."
This is an extrmely suspensful TV show. It keeps you on your toes. As the title sugests; this is a cop related TV show. If I say anymore Ill spoil it. Awesome TV show for all the supense lovers out there."
Though violent, emphasis was not on the violent aspects themselves; emphasis was on the characters' own strenths and flaws. And, not like dramady junk they call drama today."
A GREAT action-packed cop show. However, one REALLY DUMB flub is in wardrobe. The uniform Officers wear their shields/badges on the right side of their chest. I have NEVER seen such anywhere other than on this show. ODD; really,REALLY odd to the point of being a distraction.  I'm a retired cop, that's why."
I thought that I would give it a chance, but nope. The whole thing was about covering up the PD bad actions and the strike team is just as bad as the criminals on the street."
Never saw this when it was on network; awesome that I found it on Amazon Prime. Fantastic acting; great characters; gritty drama. Can't stop watching."
Michael Chiklis really does a fantastic job on this show, a very underrated actor (I thought did a great job in Fantastic 4 movies) I'm not going to speak on any spoilers, I hate it when I read them so none of those here.  Very believable show, good cast of actors with high intensity story lines keep you interested from the start to finish.  Fun show to watch, a little on the adult theme, so probably not for kids under 16 or so in my opinion.  FX does a great job of creating very interesting shows that kind of feeds the &#34;bad guy&#34; side of your entertainment needs.  If you like NYPD Blue, and Law and Order SVU, I think you should give this show a chance, a bit darker than those two but the main characters on those shows relate well to Chiklis character in most ways."
What a waste of time! All these characters are dirty, unethical, and they get away with it.  Don't like the series, actors, or premise of the show."
While I could do without the lousy rap music and horrible theme song, the show really holds my interest.  It makes you think about what is happening in the country then and now and how authorities handle things.  It is hard to always do things by the rules and have justice.  Yet you can't have wild actions and be responsible.  Interesting to see how morals and scruples come into play.  A good watch that keeps me coming back."
Season 2 does not disappoint. It follows Vic and his boys through a maze of obstacles and hurdles to achieve their selfish ends.This is a great series and remains very timely in the issues that are raised with drama and humorous moments that keep you coming back for more."
I like Chiklis for his rough cop roll...Action and story lines always grab you...I would not rec. for the younger set !!"
The show has it's high and low points, I guess it's tough to write for a hero who's a crook.  Kenny Johnson always holds up his end as the spoiler in the crew, the man with a conscience and the only one on the crew with real physical presence.  Walton Goggins does his thing well as does the rest of the cast.Jay Karnes really rocks in one episode, all in all, it's a season worth watching."
Season Two has the Barn fleshed out.  All characters are in their spots and seem to know what their functions and jobs are supposed to be.  Dutch begins to show his skills as a detective and profiler.  Aceveda eyes a seat on the city council.  Vic's home life starts unraveling and a drug dealer has got the Strike Team on edge.  Ronnie gets burned - badly."
This has become one of our favorite TV shows. Amazing writing. Full of plot & gut wrenching action. Enjoy JB"
Lots of action and lots od great actors It seems real and never boring. I really enjoy watching it, great"
I really like being able to watch the entire season at one time (although not necessarily at one sitting). Great character development and plot twists. I was married to a detective for 50 years, so much of this rings true, although I don't think he would have liked the program."
The first season was used to flesh out who the characters who were. The second season took it up a notch from the first.Highlights: Strike Team goes after the money train, the Captain running for city council, Officer Lowe struggling, Amadillo, Claudette vs. Mackey, and Dutch making a major mistake......"
lots of action and good plots, definitely for adults only, it is quitebloody and very much violent and sexual situations. good matureadult entertainment."
Great show. Amazon has better shows then Netflix as far as I am concerned. The shield is funny to me it's really good the characters are great"
Every season gets better and better.  The actors are awesome and the writer of this show knows how to keep you coming back for more.  I have watched all 7 seasons and just want more."
I gave this rating due to how well the TV show is setup and how in real life there are police officers that would do the same things if not worse. I recommend checking it out if you are in to law TV series."
It is almost too real.  Excellent acting.Have to pay close attention to understand.Can be overwhelming and complicated.Truth is hard."
I love the actors and the drama that gets more involved after watching each show.  The Season 2 is really great police drama that draws you in and won't let you go.  The many street characters are believable and scary.  This is how the streets in many city's are.  Living in a cop family...you know the stories are real."
This is a very nuanced and interesting program. There are no good criminals but among the detectives and the policemen and their bosses ambition, competition at best and downright crookedness rules each case. The twist is the really evil cop with a &#34;good&#34; heart and the decent captain who will bend the truth for political goals.Never fails to entertain and surprise."
Very good series.  Not your typical cop show.  You get connected to all the characters and their lives. I plan on watching all the seasons."
I like the reality of it, the sensitivity of it and event though the &#34;bad cops&#34; are bad...they also have kind hearts.  I will keep watching."
Series really holds up well. Give it a shot. Grottier than newer series. Has good characters and story plots. The intro music is great."
If you like this type of edgy police drama this series wont disappoint the writers have put in plenty of twists and turns, the acting is first class."
Too often shows decline as they go along. This 2nd year was every bit as good as the first. I love how there are no good or bad guys. The bad guys have redeeming qualities and the good guys have some seriously distorted things going on."
This show is freaking awesome, I kept on watching one episode after the other. its addicting. I would give it 10 starts."
Somehow, I totally missed this show when it was on TV. This is a good show... the characters keep it interesting and fresh. However the story line is similar to many other shows. The &#34;elite&#34; squad does things &#34;their own way&#34; and scratches the backs of the criminals as they return the favor. I also like the mix of the detectives and the street cops."
I used to watch this show late at night on sundays. They would show 2 episodes back to back and I never missed one. But at the time they were only up to the fourth or fifth season, so I never got to see what happened. Now that its free for Amazon Prime members Im going to watch every episode. A great cop show."
Read my review for season one! I would like to also add that the show is gritty, has action in it and is a very well done police drama. With Kurt Sutter's talent ( Son's of Anarchy) and Walton Goggins acting, how could it not be good?!"
What Would Vic Mackey DoSeason 2 continues to be an example of what TV can be.  Entertaining, unpredictable, rebellious!"
Such a great show. I am a little late coming into it... however I am glad I did. Amazon Prime is great, has shows that Netflix does not have."
The shield is a gritty, needle in the eye kind of series. You find yourself rooting for a bad cop who thinks it his God given right to mead out justice ghetto street style!"
It just seems I can't get enough of these shows.  I'm already on season five."
What is Meri's deal? Truly - she has one child who is almost out of the house, and she needs a 5 BEDROOM HOUSE? If I were Jenelle, I would be livid. Not cool and not fair to the other wives who need more of the budget to keep their broods in clothes, food and supplies. I am totally annoyed with Meri!"
He didn't beg, he demanded and pushed and put so much pressure on that woman its rediculous! I swear at least 20 times an episode I say outloud \"Wow, Kody is such an incrediable JERK!\" and yet I keep watching....its like a train wreck you just can't look away from!"
I had to discontinue my cable and I stream netflix to my tvs now, instead.  However I miss shows like Sister Wives that I used to get with my cable package.  Amazon makes it possible for me to enjoy them whenever I like through their instant video service.  I love it and thank you, Amazon."
Love this show!  There are times I get aggravated at Kody in it for some of the things he says to the wives but all in all a lot of people could learn good life lessons from this family weather or not they believe in this lifestyle!"
I have really enjoyed watching this series.  Very entertaining.  It takes very special folks to live this lifestyle but I wouldn't say it was for the jealous and self serving.  I like all of these people.  Kody is unique.  A good father as far as I can tell..better than many who may only have one child.  If &#34;gay couples can marry...and we have freedom of &#34;Religion and the persuit of happiness...&#34; in our constitution..it makes sense to me that plural marriage should be allowed.  All of the children have birth certificates..showing their single last name of Brown so it doesn't seem to make a problem when they become college age adults.  It's interesting because I have been through the gamet of feelings while watching this.  The lifestyle may not be for me..or anyone I know..but still, if it makes sense to them and they are happy..it's their choice and their business.It does not bother me one bit.  I do think it will be a long while before they make such a thing legal.  When I remember some of the things done to people in plural marriages...it's a horrible thing to have happened."
I LOVE THIS FAMILY AND I WISH THEM WELL, NOT SAYING THIS LIFE STYLE IS FOR ME, HOWEVER LOOK WHAT A FAMILY THEY ARE IN THIS DAY AND TIME AND WITH THEIR CHILDREN...GOD BLESS THEM, I THINK WE ALL NEED TO BE REMINDED AT TIMES NOT TO JUDGE, LET EVERYONE JUST DO THEM AND DO WHAT'S RIGHT FOR THEM.."
Okay, I have to admit I watch this show out of sick fascination about their lifestyle. I keep watching to see if it gets any better, if the wives actually grow up. I think Janelle is the most mature and most level headed of the whole bunch. Meri is the most selfish...a 7 bedroom house for her and her daughter? with a wetbar, a pool and a pantry?? Can you say retched excess?? She is unbelieveably self absorbed. Janelle is in all rights to be mad at her, jealous of her, she takes the family resources for herself. Oh, and have a baby or don't have a baby, choose one or the other but quit acting like it takes the moon to make a decision.Christine is the biggest baby. Grow up. 'I didn't pay the water bill because it was so small I forgot about it and waaaaaaah, it will screw up our financing' Please. Needy and whiny is all she is.Robyn..I cant stand. She knew her credit sucked and yet still chose to go 'all in' with the others for financing and didn't tell them or give them a heads up. She is also selfish in sucking up the family resources on her own self.I think the kids are the best part of the whole series. You can tell they are all going to grow up and learn from the parents. I wish there would be a Sister Wives Teenager Spin off.Again, I watch for the sick fascination of it all. Wish them well but geez, grow up."
Enjoyable moments with the blended plural marriage of Kody Brown and his four wives with their 17 children how they deal with their lives and day to day issues which we all could learn from. I love this family show what working together can do !"
I loved this show got hooked and watched every show before I stopped.It is so nice to see a NON American Show with lots of talentAnd I was crying my eyes out from the dramatic last show in the series...."
Very good series too bad its not shown in America but excellent show with great story lines with lessons to be learned at the end"
I loved this series ... and then it got so sad !!!  I had no idea it was going to do that to me ... and I cried so hard !  Wow ! It was a surprise ! I just wish it was still on ... made me sad that it ended :-(  I want more !!!"
Beautiful dancing along w/ realistic and often heart-wrenching glimpses of young students as they strive to do their best while maneuvering through varying emotional crisis."
I thought this whole series from Australia was very well done. Since there are three seasons, the different students' personalities become very clearly developed. I enjoyed this &#34;dance student series&#34; more than than similar movies made on the same subject. There are some very interesting twists in the subplots that weave through the life of the main character as she pushes herself to be a top senior-year dancer. The diversity of the many different ethnic groups of Australia's people are represented in the characters of this Australian Dance Academy series. I thoroughly enjoyed &#34;Dance Academy&#34;, and the last two episodes  are very different from most &#34;happily ever after&#34; endings seen on similar shows. What is more important...the love and creativity of a dance or a trophy title?"
I loved The Hour, so knew the sequel would be good, too; and it didn't disappoint.  UNTIL the ending.  They ended the note on a terrible note and owe it to the viewers to find out what happened next.  Please....  don't leave it there."
brisk plots,enjoyable characters and dialogue. the main actors are all very well cast in their roles.stories are written in an attention holding manner."
What a disappointment to know that there is no third season.  With all of the terrible stuff on broadcast US networks, so many of us are eager to watch political dramas in any era.The Fifties provides a rich setting, and as we look back we see things have not since changed much.Given all the different ways there are to distribute material, is there no other way to make a third season?  Or at least a two hour wrap up of all the loose threads......much the way Veronica Mars crowd sourced a movie based on the beloved cult hit.Perhaps Amazon should revisit this series as they turn to original program production.What.  Happens.  To.  Freddie????  Come on!."
Drama at its finest, suspense that leaves you anxious for the next episode and an unforgettable cast. Altogether, this one really delivers."
The &#34;Hour&#34; is a news broadcast show, that takes place in the late 30's, during the infancy of modern day television.  Spies, Patriotism, Government secrets, office romance and jealousy.  It makes for a really good story, with fantastic acting and actors.  Just another great British drama."
this was the last of this show. it must have been intended to go for at least one more because it ends on a bit of a cliffhanger which is going to leave some viewers unsatisfied.  however, if you are watching this for the purpose of the drama, i.e. the beginning of broadcast news and the the people who got it off the ground in the UK, you won't be dissatisfied at all.  this time the news team goes after a blackmail scheme used by a club owner which has put politicians and police chiefs in his pocket throughout London. as background, the people at this time are obsessing about the nuclear arms race and fearing that they will be nuked.  i think the second series was stronger than the first one but maybe just a little bit too much hokey romance angle. the best part was anchorman hector and his wife marine.  hector begins to self destruct and their marriage starts to fall apart.  Oona Chaplin, Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter, who strongly resembles him, almost steals the show as marine. peter capaldi as head of the news division does a marvelous acting job as well.all in all i enjoyed the show but it did fall short of being MAD MEN, which it was trying to achieve from the outset."
I'm still trying to decide why we cannot produce as many strong television series as the BBC.  This has become one of my favorite shows."
Really held my attention and interest with the combination of history, intrigue and the unfolding stories of each character's life."
Unique. Nothing else like this on TV. Witty writing leaves you with memorable quotes. Really does evoke the era in Britain. I remember, I was there."
I still can't believe there was only two seasons of this series.  They seriously leave American television productions in their dust."
Not as compelling as the first series because the villains are more obvious and the romance too formulaic. One can believe that  she loves the guy, but not that she's in love with him."
At the start it was a very solid drama with bits of comedy. Now it has moved in to predictable status."
The show is better than the News Room which I like very much, with or without all the criticisms I have read and as intriguing, if not more so than Mad Men.  Have really come to like the characters, especially Ben Wishaw.  Also, the actress playing Dominic West's wife has grown on me to the point that I do care about what happens to her.  Overall, a great show.  Oh, yeah, can't forget Roma Garai and Anna Chancellor, the two of whom I am a big fan."
Another great season of this compelling show. This time the Hour reporters are on the trail of corrupt police and politicians. In the process of getting at the truth, betrayals abound, none more so than when the characters betray themselves. Hector wants to live life in a shallow puddle, as does his trophy wife Marnie, but both achieve an almost heroic status by the end of the show. New head Randall Brown is a breath of fresh air, albeit a neurotic one, and his chemistry with Lix is great. Line up the paper clips, everyone!  Bel goes through several crises of her own but finally comes to terms with her feelings for all the men in her life.True hero status goes to Freddie in the end, for the issues he tackles head on, even if he does make some serious blunders, especially with new character Camille, the worst part of this otherwise excellent show. The supporting characters that help put the program together round it all out nicely and make this a fascinating glimpse into the dawn of modern Britain as it became. Can't wait for the next season. British TV and acting at its best."
Our story, picks up a few years later from where season 1 left us - waiting and wanting for more.  And more there is!  For those who have not watched season1 some of the tension in the relationships will be lost.  The sequel brings us full circle with the integrity of the newscast continuing to be the centerpiece.  Love for sale, love for rent, and love misspent swim in the undercurrent of the decline of London's almost middle class in a backdrop of county first with the beginning of a ramped up atomic arms race.  So, get a spot of tea and enjoy the fine acting and nifty sets."
About dedicated journalists that would do anything for a story.  I thought it was well done and their personal stories blended inquite well."
In this season we leave the world of spys and enter into the world of organized crime.  The characters drive the story and the mystery/discovery again keeps it going.  This season shows how much relationships can effect character development.  How even when a person is on the bottom rung of their character other people can help them climb back to their best.  How much depth can sometimes be hidden beneath a shallow exterior.  The characters are definitely not preachy but many of them have a solid hidden strength.  I really thought they laid the groundwork for season 3 in some of the story line and I wish it had continued."
Hands down my favorite show, exciting, adult, thoughtful & well acted. Way to go!  Hope it runs for a good number of years."
Loved the show. Enjoyed the interaction between the characters. Loved the plot lines. Always intreguing. Would love to see a 3rd season."
The characters led the story along with purpose, suspense and intrigue.  It has the flavor of the USA show 60 Minutes in many ways.  For instance the title for openers.  I thought the ending was just a little too weak but hopefully if there is a second season I am looking forward to that. I watched this show with interest."
This is a fantastic series.  Ben Whishaw is the heart of the show with all actors contributing perfectly nuanced performances to deliver characters that you will care about.  That this is a period drama set in the late 1950s will be irrelevant, although the stories are all compelling.  This is a fast paced drama.  My only complaint is that there is no Season 3!"
I found this show by accident and was drawn in immediately.  The story grabs you, the characters are diverse and intriguing."
All the great acting and subplots in an adult drama missing from most American junk aimed at pre-teens.  Sort of the British version of the Newsroom."
Couldn't ask for more, this is a sophisticated, intelligent series full of humor and darkness too.  Wonderfully acted  by this splendid cast and excellent script and direction.  Have one more episode to see and then I will be in mourning unless it comes back.  Oh don't you hate it when something REALLY, REALLY good ends?"
The hour is an excellent show and we sincerely hope there are more seasons, classic BBC at it's best with the period effect that they do so well!"
Smart, super smart. Historical, great acting, great drama. All kinds of action. I was never bored or confused by the plot of the actors. The leads are all top drawer. I am hooked. I cannot wait for the next series to come. There better be another!!!"
The Hour is worth watching!! It kept me watching it every day. I HATED to put it down.  I hope there will be more. The acting was so believable, they did a superb acting job."
Watched first season on a boring night and was surprised at how good the series was. I finished off the first season and was happy to see the second (Sequel) was also available. Knocked that out and of course it leaves you hanging on the fate of key characters. Make no mistake, it's classic Brit drama. Great actors, first rate production and enough story lines to keep you involved. Like Morse,and Downton Abby; you get hooked on the characters as much as you do the story line. I always give anything from the BBC channel on Prime a look. Prime Suspect is another example of a great series. Tell a good story in a few episodes but maintain the quality of a feature film. I hope to find more like &#34;The Hour&#34; on Amazon in the future."
Journalists, writers, directors and presenter (anchorman) from a live news program in the 1950's try to uncover an expose the truth behind local murders and bribery that may have national and international implications. A well made and well performed crime drama that brings back the cast and characters from season 1. I liked this second season, but unfortunately, ratings were not good enough to renew the show for a third season."
Season two is just a interesting and enjoyable as season one. The show in season 2 got tighter and better because the cast rally started to jell as an ensemble. I would like to see some more..."
This is a very good series based in the late '50s. I would look forward to more from Amazon on this. It's a definitely watch series."
Just as in season 1, I enjoyed the cast of characters, interesting plot and all the trappings of a 1950s setting.  Colors, costuming, cinematography--excellent.Season 1 was more entertaining and interesting in terms of character development and storyline, but I was still entertained and would have luved to see another season.  This drama was headed somewhere more intense/dark than where it started, and I wonder if that's what killed it in the end?Side Note:  The quite sporadic, extremely graphic violence was as off-putting as it was completely gratuitous and unnecessary.  Reminded me of when a kid learns a new magic trick he has to show it off all the time.Comments about characters--spoiler alert!-absolutely loved the character development between Hector and his over-the-top wife.-The character of Freddie was less winsome this time around.  He was less convincing and more manipulative.  Brilliant, yes, but without the fun he brought in season 1.-The character of Freddie's wife--wasn't convincing nor was their supposed marriage.  I would have liked to see more of their relationship and what brought them together instead of seeing two people separate who we barely knew were together.-The drama between the foreign affairs chic and the  manager (their previous relationship and trying to find their daughter), it seemed slow and disjointed from the rest of the plot.  HOWEVER, his performance of ocd-breakdown at the end was amazing, hard to watch.A solid BBC production"
good show,  was just skimming through shows and had never heard of this, but tried it.  liked it a lot.  sometimes it was hard to understand the words.  they talk very softly.  would like to find another show similar."
I found The Hour to be addictive, and couldn't wait for the next episode to begin. If you matured over the 1950s, a show featuring the birth of the television on the BBC and especially its television news made this show fascinating. It was the time of the Cold War, and everyone was terrified of a potential nuclear exchange with the Soviet Union. It was also a time for the woman who chose profession over family as a life choice.  I just couldn't get enough of the show and was sad when I watched its final episode. Two seasons wasn't sufficient for all the stories it could continue to cover over the remainder of the 1950s."
This show is superb; great writing, plausible plots -- unlike the American attempt at this sort of thing (The Network).  Trying to find Season 1 at a reasonable cost so I can catch up before I delve into the 2nd season."
That pretty much sums up what I have to say.  These are probably the only two actors I would fly anywhere to watch if I had the money AND THEY ARE BOTH IN THE SAME SHOW.  The entire cast is wonderful.  The Hour is a series that you MUST watch. Even though it ends after only two seasons. :(With all the forgettable crap that is on TV nowadays I'm of the belief that cancelling such a triumph of Television such as this will be looked back on as a great crime to the arts and humanity.  These producers who cancelled it will have God to answer to when they die for committing this crime.- I'm serious. :("
This is a great series, full of the unexspected, Every one in this cast is wonderfulI cant wait to see the next show could get addicted to the Hour."
In I DIDN'T COME HERE TO DIE, six young volunteers (3 male, 3 female) head into the deep woods in order to clear trees and brush for a future camp for the underprivileged. Of course, they're so deep in the wilderness that their cell phones don't work. It's also a pretty boring situation for these city-dwellers, so it's a good thing that someone smuggled in some booze. Shockingly, drunkenness doesn't always equal fun. Sexual tension and jealousy quickly result in tragedy. Then, chaos ensues. Suspicion, paranoia, and terror turn the whole project into a blood-soaked nightmare. For an ultra-low-budget horror film, this one is a gruesome delight!..."
There are some movies that are hard for me to decide whether to give a 3 or 4 because \"its OK\" really lacks enthusiasm. 3.5 would be more like it for many that I give a 3 to. I decided to go up to 4 due to the unfair criticisms here, though I usually prefer to go down because I don't want to inflate expectations. I hesitated a few times before watching it because the description painted an inaccurate picture, like a catastrophe that befalls a group of \"humanitarians\". Really, the supposed humanitarian project is really a Volunteers of America gig that a few college age people sign up for for mainly selfish reasons. The group dynamic reminded me a little of the Breakfast Club, though not the stock character types from that. There was a sensitive guy with a tragic past, a wannabe politician, a rebel, a groupie for the rebel, and a sort of a nerd. I may be forgetting someone as its been a while. Then, of course, there's the dedicated and attractive leader. Things go terribly wrong for the group, pretty much right away. Besides interpersonal tension and disputes, a mysterious force appears determined to eradicate them. The kills are hilarious and make the film quite a lot of fun. The  rebel also livens things up. I won't say anymore to spoil it. The ending is a real eyeful hahaha. This film is a b film with good production values and believable acting. Its pure entertainment. NOT trying to break new ground. So, enjoy it for what it is: an hour and a half of gratification for the horror junkie."
Good Movie little scary, acting in the movie was good, could be better yet still enjoyably scary."
It just happens sometimes.  This is a great movie for juveniles and YA's for Saturday nights or when it's raining or they don't want to do homework.  Basically the story is about 20-somethings who don't really know each other clearing a camp site for future use, and then all hell breaks loose.  It's standard issue slasher/horror with endless blood, delightfully bad acting, and an unlikely plot, to say the least, with a tease of sex tossed in.  You could do much better than this, but sometimes you just don't want to."
Six young volunteers working on the construction of a summer camp for disadvantaged children meet untimely deaths in I DIDN'T COME HERE TO DIE.The movie avoids the expected mad killer clich&eacute; by using a script bathed in coincidence and guilt, and a healthy dose of irony.  It's refreshingly original and innovative.  The acting isn't outstanding but the cast of relatively unknown actors are convincing, especially Kurt Cole as the troubled Danny.Horror fans looking for something different should check this out."
Mysterious trip into the woods and the disastrous results that follow. Much of the problems caused by the ineptness of the kids themselves."
My boyfriend and I watched this last night, because it was under the paranormal section, and it had fairly good reviews on some horror websites (not great reviews, but decent). It picked up a little slowly, but we decided to give it a chance. The dialogue was poor, but we've both seen worse. Once the characters arrived at their destination in the woods, it still still tough to figure out what they were doing there. They looked like summer camp counselors at first. After the first - I'll call it an EVENT - happened, it was pretty apparent what the real plot of the movie was, and it became less of a horror movie to us. Even still, it was worth watching on Amazon Prime as it was somewhat entertaining and we didn't care if we fell asleep or not."
In the trailer we see rave reviews from obscure fan sites comparing this film to Toby Hoppers's ground breaking \"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre\" The eternal classic that provided pure terror at a completely subliminal level.There is no real bloodshed or gore in TCM and it remains one of the few horror films on permanent collection within the Museum of Modern Art.Then we see an equally false claim comparing this film to the original cult classic \"Evil Dead\". Sheer brilliance on behalf of Sam Raimi, outrageous production value for it's time and budget - and forever casting Bruce Campbell as one of Horror Fans most beloved actors. Both films scoring a well deserved 99% -98% on rottentomates.Enter \"I didn't come here to die\" this film is more than unworthy in every respect to even stand in the shadows of these motion pictures, let alone be compared to them.Never theatrically released. First time director and writer of the film Bradley Scott Sullivan does a miserable job trying to weave a plot and a compelling story line by stealing specific shots of other, much better and well concieved horror movies - one example being the long shot of the van driving towards the woods - is right out of Chainsaw.Hollow performances by unknowns abound and dreary, sullen predictable dialogue - these are characters we could care less about and perhaps this is the movies most fatal flaw. Because not only is it important that we care about the characters we have to want to root for them - this clunker establishes neither.What those looking to cash in on the genre tend to do over and over is dismiss the intelligence of the audience they're playing to. We're far more both knowledgeable about what makes for good horror and what is more have a keen eye for cliche'. The film might as well have been titled \"Accident Prone In Woods\" I think even gore and splatter fans will find this movie disappointing and anyone with a decent eye, certainly any Dick Smith or Tom Savini fan will find the effects laughable at best.This is the kind of film you can walk into at any point and know immediately what you're seeing and where it's headed. I adore indy films and really do try to take into consideration they are more often than not an effort of love and homage. That said, it's important to overlook flaws you might be tempted to focus on regarding big Hollywoodmachine Horror franchises.But they're exceptions, there are films built on greed that are sub par on virtually every level a movie can be. Films that have made the mistake of dumbing down  for their their audience. \"I didn't come here to die\" is a shinning example of just that."
I quit after 15 minutes. The main reason was the lighting. The night scenes you could hardly see the characters. I also didn't get how they were framing the shots."
I guess it could of been ok... I really don't know because the beginning did not interest me and therefore...I feel asleep on it."
This is a rather pointless \"horror\" film.A group of 20 somethings are out in the woods, some long distance from the road to clear an area for a large camp site for kids...one you can't reach by car. The cast introduce themselves as a way to quickly build character. As they clear the woods, accidents happen and this thing turns into a \"ten little Indians\" tale for no rhyme or reason.The acting was decent. The dialouge was well written. The plot flowed rather well in spite of some issues, but there was no substance to the story...or maybe I am missing something. Some films are made better by not explaining what happened (Yellow Brick Road), but it didn't work for me in this one. After watching a fairly decent film, I was let down by the ending, the last scene which caused me to laugh (by design). The closeups of the chainsaw showed it didn't have a chain but a serrated blade made to look like chain.The land was donated by a family whose little girl was murdered, which didn't really enter the film. Apparently the land they are on is cursed, but by what and why? Did the girl being killed curse the land or was that because of it? Or was one of the campers cursed or a victim of it? Or was it all fate? The film will need a sequel to explain this one.Parental Guide: F-bombs, near sex, nudity (Grindhouse girl Emmy Robbin)Safety Note: If you have something embedded in you, like a stick, the proper first aid is to stabilize the item and seek medical attention. DO NOT YANK IT OUT. That opens up the hole and causes bleeding. Also the proper way to insert foam ear plugs is to squeeze and roll the end of the plug going in the ear canal, pull the ear back, end then insert it. You don't just jam it in."
This drama never gets off the ground. The plot is so creaky Burns found it necessary to offer a &#34;Story behind the Scene&#34; . Sloppy filmmaking. I'm thinking that after his '90s hits, Burns has exhausted himself on the subject. An uncomfortable waste of time."
This is another Ed Burns movie about the life of an Irish-American, Queens (NYC)-living family. If you like his tale of inter-twined family drama, wittily told and expertly directed and acted, see this movie."
This is a film I admired but didn't enjoy.  The casting is terrific and most of the actors squeezed the maximum juice out of what they had to work with in the script.  There are just a few too many cliches with the emotionally perceptive stuff.  If you grew up in a large family or within 100 miles of NYC, perhaps it will hit you in a much more deeply personal way than it did me.  There is no doubt dysfunctional families like this exist.  When they all get together, there will be love but there will also be conflicts.  It's impossible for them to be completely neutral in any argument."
I try to keep my five star reviews for films that I think are spectacular and I can't really give this that rating.  I wish there were a rating for &#34;I liked it a lot&#34; as Netflix has.  So....four and half stars!This is a warm-hearted drama about a large Irish Catholic family set in Queens, New York.  The story is somewhat pat and the outcome is predictable but it is so lovingly told and well acted that it held my interest for the entire time.  I was afraid it might be overly sentimental but Ed Burns did a great job at walking the line between honest feelings and shmaltz---probably because he knew what he was writing about.  He is great, he wrote, directed and starred in this film and he is moral compass for the story.  He carries it all with grace and strength and a considerable amount of charm.  The whole cast is good..  I did not see a list of the actors but someone said it featured Anita Gillette!  Wow...if that was the actress who played the Mom, I have to give her extra credit for a lovely performance. I loved the actor who plays the dad, too,...his face is wonderful!I'm not Irish, Catholic or from New York, but I enjoyed it a lot.  The essential human experience shines through any ethnic group. If you're not afraid of some honest, old fashioned feel-good cinema, this is for you.  Thanks, Ed Burns."
This movie centers on a large family, with several brothers and sisters.  It explores the mind sets of each adult sibling as they struggle with a &#34;family&#34; decision.  Typically, the youngest has far differing attitudes than the oldest. This relatable fact makes the movie appealing, certainly to me.The film is offered in two versions, a very appropriate family &#34;PG-13&#34; and  a very inappropriate, in my opinion,  &#34;Theatrical&#34; version that has difficulty completing any sentence without use of the ubiquitous &#34;F&#34; word. It is very nice to have a viewing option.My 5 Stars rates the Family version, which I highly recommend."
I enjoyed this movie. It was just a very good down to earth story about a NYC Irish family and their struggles and dynamics. Also about forgiveness and that is always a good thing...."
It helps greatly if you're from the Boston area to appreciate the family dynamic so carefully captured.  We both are and the movie could have been about any of several families we knew growing up.  This is Ed Burns' specialty: the family crucible, but done with warmth, humor and genuine emotion.  A little nostalgia never hurts."
In the long tradition of \"women behind  bars\" movies \"Prison Girls\" ranks near the bottom (an achievement of sorts). It is a terrible movie shot on a cheap budget with a script that was apparently made up as they went along.  It does feature a LOT of nudity, in fact that is the only noteworthy thing I really remember about the ten minutes or so that I watched.  I skipped ahead to see if it got any better but it didn't. There is also some simulated sex that manages to avoid being the least bit erotic.  I do remember thinking this would make a great beer night movie for college kids.  BTW: the two stars doesn't mean I didn't \"like it\".  It means I found it well below average."
Never heard of this before. Great film for T&A from the get go. Plot...blah, blah, blah... Acting...blah, blah, blah. You'll watch this for the nudity."
The acting in this was poor and the quality of the film was poor. It would stop and start several times. This is a movie back from the early 70,S Lots of T&A but you can go to american Pie for that!"
WIP flicks are what they are. They nearly (nearly) transcend criticism because they are a hard and fast genre requiring certain obligations to be fulfilled. This one tries to skirt some of those obligations.Here's the scoop. A handful of female inmates are granted a 2 day pass to the outside to see if they can re-assimilate into society (right). This follows them on their attempts.Other than Uschi Digard and Candy Samples I didn't know any of these actresses (actresses?). The schtick here is to get the girls out of the prison with the 2 day pass scenario. It opens with the obligatory shower scene and ensuing cat fight and is followed up with the girls visiting the prison psychiatrist as to why this 2 day pass can do them well. We then see how each uses the pass which amounts to little more than one sex scene after another.Yup. Cheap sets. Bad acting. Bad writing. Bad directing. But we're not here for that. We want the babes and there are babes aplenty. Problem is, everything is so bad the bare babes become tiresome after little time. Sex scenes, even soft core sex scenes, can be arousing. Not so here. They wear out their welcome pretty quick. The real highlights are seeing Uschi and Candy and even those left me wanting.There are a lot of these kinds of flicks out there and most (maybe all) are better than this one. Seek them out first"
Lasted about 30 min.  Not my type of naked women. I didn't feel it was worth the $3 I spent."
This tv show is very boring and poorly animated. And for a show that is supposed to be an action comedy show there is practically no action. The how to train your dragon series is just very overrated. I cant believe they are making a sequel to the horrible first movie."
The movie was one of the better animated flicks of recent years, so it's fun to welcome Hiccup's world back to the small screen. The characters are great, the stories action-packed, and the relationship between hero and dragon is very special indeed. &#34;Entertainment&#34; is the answer to my final question. Still it's funny to consider: How is it that six mostly small skinny wisecracking American teenagers are growing up on a Viking island with dragons and huge, overweight parents who are all clearly from Scotland?"
This is great family entertainment! The animation is excellent and the dragons are amazing! The story line gets a bit predictable, but kids love that! And they learn all sorts of useful things while they are learning about their favorite dragons too!"
This is a great show for show for the younger set!  My Grandchildren love it!  We all set and watch it together!"
Excellent audio and video quality.  Episodes are short (maybe 22 minutes each) because Americans are trained to expect excessive ads when you watch TV on cable.  A fun series for fans of HTTYD and a continuation of the two seasons of &#34;Riders of Berk&#34;."
This is a good continuation of the movie.  My son is always asking me when I have purchased the next episode."
PERFECT FOR KIDS. THE STORYS HAVE A LESSON TO BE LEARNED. AS WELL AS FUN TO WATCH. THE WHOLE FAMILY WILL ENJOY."
This is great for me because my granddaughter comes and sits with me and we watch it together and chit chat, creating memories"
The problem I had with this movie is that I have seen Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton so many times that I know these actors are not them. This affected my whole viewing experience of it.Having said that I thought that Lohan did a very good job playing Elizabeth Taylor. At times she also got me believing that she was her. Overall I thought that the acting was good.Having said that the story itself to me was not that interesting, I am just not into such plots. What we have is two big egos, with lots of talent and money deeply in love and trying to get along.I also thought the dialogue at times needed work.Overall it was okay."
Good movie on greatest love stories at its time.  I declension it to all there fans.  It was long enough covered everything."
Ok so I bought this movie because it was 99cents. The only reason I plan to keep it is because in the future if anyone asks what happened to Lindsay Lohan's career I can just show them this film."
While watching, I thought about the movie \"Blood Diamonds,\" a film where Leonarda DiCaprio gives one of his signature incredible performances.  Why did that film come to mind?  Well, towards the end of \"Liz and Dick,\" Richard Burton spends a whole lot of money on one gaudy ring for Liz Taylor, even though they couldn't really afford it.  It was too bad that these two lovebirds hadn't seen \"Blood Diamonds\" before making that purchase.  Perhaps they would have passed and just bought the private jet that they always wanted instead.I'm not a huge fan of Ms. Taylor or Mr. Burton, but only because of era.  Most of the movies - at least the good movies - they made were before I was even born, or was too young to even watch film.  I have seen a few later:  \"Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf,\" which I really liked; and bits of \"Cleopatra,\" which from what I remember was almost unwatchable.  (I'm sure that the Egyptians might agree.)  I also watched \"Giant,\" which was wrong on just so many levels, although I thought that Ms. Taylor gave a decent performance there with what she had to work with.But I believe that NOT being a big fan of the couple actually worked in my favor with \"Liz and Dick.\"  I read pieces of a few reviews before watching, and the critics seemed to pan it across the board.  Statements such as \"Lindsay Lohan couldn't match the elegance of Elizabeth Taylor, and therefore Ms. Lohan didn't even try.\"  Hogwash, I say!  Ms. Lohan is the perfect person to play this role; after all, haven't both of these actresses heaped a lot of problems on themselves?  (I peeked on Wikipedia after watching, and a lot of details in this film seemed to be accurate.)This film is surely not a diamond in the rough; it is far from perfect.  Some of the bouncy music at the beginning annoyed me, trying to toy with my emotions way too much.  For me this is a big no-no.  But I did learn a lot about the troubled couple while watching, and I think that you will too."
Poor Ms Lohan, she can do no right these days and this movie bore the brunt of her bad publicity. Hey, it's a bio-pic and no matter how hard they try, movies really can't give us the &#34;real&#34; life, only their version. At least Lindsay's finer features are closer to Liz's than the beautiful but pudgy featured Ms Jolie,who was rumored to be considered for a Liz Taylor role. Grant Bowler isn't all that bad as Burton,but no one can replace the real Liz and Dick.It's simplistic, the acting isn't great but it's watchable and not the awful train wreak some would have us believe. It is , after all, a Lifetime channel movie."
LIZ AND DICK, as the title suggests, tells the story of the romance between Burton and Taylor, that was kindled during the filming of CLEOPATRA and lasted right up to the Welsh actor's death in 1984.  Perhaps the main attraction of this film lies in looking at the performances.  Lindsay Lohan makes a creditable stab at Liz Taylor, even if she does not really suggest the actor's indefinable star quality.  Grant Bowler bears little or no resemblance to Burton - he simply does not look raddled enough - but he tries his best to capture the lilting Welsh vowels.  His least convincing moments occur when he tries to impersonate Burton playing Hamlet; the way the lines are delivered suggests only a passing understanding with Shakespeare's text.  The film contains one or two jarring moments: no Welsh person would ever pronounce \"Ivor\" as \"Yvor\" when referring to Burton's brother, while the impersonation of Anthony (\"Puffin\") Asquith, the director of THE VIP'S (1963) is laughable.  The ending of the film peters out, with very little attention paid to the stars in later life (for example, their farewell tour of PRIVATE LIVES (1983)). Nonetheless the film offers a convincing portrait of two middle-aged star-crossed lovers, who really could not live without one another."
Everyone knew \"Liz and Dick\" was going to be a disaster as soon as it was announced. Two reasons why:1. It was being made by the Lifetime Network, with a TV-movie budget.2. It starred Lindsay Lohan.The pessimism was not unwarranted -- this movie is so bad that I'm surprised Richard Burton hasn't risen from the dead just to throw liquor bottles at the people responsible. I actually hoped that it would be bad in a hilarious, campy way, but instead it's just hideously awkward, cheesy and cheap. As Lohan croaks at one point, \"I'M SO BORED!\"The story is narrated by Elizabeth Taylor (Lohan) and Richard Burton (Grant Bowler) from the afterlife. Apparently the heavenly host really want to hear the inside scoop on their relationship. It started during the shooting of \"Cleopatra,\" when Shakespearean actor Burton was unexpectedly cast opposite the scandal-generating superstar Elizabeth Taylor.Well, despite a rocky start, they began a torrid affair. Their romance destroyed both their marriages (her fourth, his first) and caused an even bigger scandal than her previous homewrecking affair. Over the next twelve years, they lived in a whirl of fights, lovemaking, tragedy, alcoholism and gems -- only to divorce, marry and divorce all over again.The story of Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton really needs a HBO miniseries, because it's impossible to cram twenty-plus years of high drama into a 90-minute Lifetime movie. And the rushed pace is only one of the movie's problems -- cheap-looking costumes, awful greenscreen, and a choppy disjointed narrative.And yes, the writing is eye-rollingly bad (\"You do know I'm shagging him senseless, don't you?\"), but not in a funny way. I hoped this would be an over-the-top, campy funny mess, but it was simply dull and fragmented.But the death knell for this movie is Lohan. I have literally seen cats who give better performances than her. Her performance in this movie is more Tommy Wiseau than Elizabeth Taylor -- a doughy, puffy-faced, larygngitic mess that croaks her way through unconvincing fights and crying jags, unable to even convey BOREDOM.And yes, she is even WORSE when she tries to convey some emotional depth (\"I am your ocean, but he was your anchor\"). For example, Taylor's \"suicide\" -- complete with prancing, posing and Bella-Swan-style \"despairisms\" -- is one of the worst scenes I have seen on television. EVER.It makes me feel sorry for Grant Bowler, who actually seems to be trying REALLY REALLY HARD despite Lohan and a dreadful script dragging him down. Despite the movie's awfulness, he does convey some of the tormented, hard-drinking poet, when he isn't being saddled with dreadful dialogue. And David Hunt gives one of the few good performances as Burton's tragic brother Ifor.I hoped that \"Liz and Dick\" would be a movie that was hilariously, mockably bad... but no, it's just tedious and horribly written, with the worst-cast Elizabeth Taylor EVER."
The actors in this movie were really good and the story was interesting. Felt as if I was intruding into the lives of Taylor and Burton gave me some insight into their personalities, though. Good entertainment. Would recommend to others."
Well, the cover of the DVD with such words as Scandal, Child Star, Love Affair, Paparazzi etc, etc.. You'd think the movie would be entertaining, interesting, with a sense of taboo that just makes you want to watch it en grossly just much like the real love Story between Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton was. But No, as a viewer I don't get that. I don't get the sense of passionate, scandalous and bizarre love affair. The Only thing I got from watching this Movie is a boring, bland and amateur re-telling of a supposedly legendary love story of two film stars.What else can I say? Lifeless acting from most of the cast. Especially, Lindsay Lohan. Who ever thought she would do a good job at playing Elizabeth Taylor must've had a whimsical sense of humor indeed. Not denying that she's a bad actress watch her act in Mean Girls, The Parent Trap I've gotta give her some credit for acting in these two movies but in this one. Uh-Uh she just did it all wrong! I didn't buy her as Elizabeth Taylor, I didn't buy the fact that she was madly in love to the point of damaging her career. She Just seemed off on screen. Not to mention the slim to none resemblance between her and the real Elizabeth, you'd think she'll put more effort into acting her role to compensate for that fact but no. I was pretty disappointed, the only thing she seemed to do was memorize lines and repeat them on screen with just a tad bit of emotions coming across. Even in her purposed outbursts she just seemed like a walking corpse that the writers weren't even interested in to begin with so they gave her horrendous lines and a very one dimensional character to portray.The Other actors aren't that great either but since they're not the main once they can get away with their zombie walks and poor acting skills. The One Playing Burton was acceptable but that's only because he was surrounded with such lame actors so he stood out as you can say. He tried his best for his defense too bad there was little he could do since the writing itself wasn't that helpful.The Movie itself was tasteless. Most of the time the viewers are told that this and that is happening. For Example, that Richard is cheating on his wife with another married woman which is Elizabeth and are deemed sinful in the eyes of the public but it just seems to come so easy for them afterwards. It's like no one really cares whether they were having an affair or not in such times when things like these were rare. The whole sense of impending danger, the whole sense of scandal is lost in this film.Watching it is like reading an article on the internet about Elizabeth and Richards relationship. That's all I can say. You might as well just read a 5 minute article instead of wasting your time watching this movie cause that's all you're gonna get in the end. The audience don't get to connect with the characters, we don't even get to meet them. We just see Lindsay Lohan presumably yelling, screaming, throwing fits of anger, crying, laughing, smoking, complaining, talking, swimming, kissing and whatever else she's doing on the film. And then the actors are just there. I could care less whatever happens to the characters at the end I don't even want to know. Even if the director decided to twist the story a little bit and have Elizabeth and Richard Commit suicide like Romeo and Juliet instead of divorcing I still wouldn't care.I Guess, I should give credit for the writers and producers for taking such a passionate love affair and making it such a boring, tedious and whiny one.And Lindsay Lohan please next time don't accept a role if you're not gonna act it properly. I'm sure the director didn't intend for you to be a wallflower with nice clothes and make up. You Actually have to act out your role you know.I don't know, if you wanna waste your time then watch this movie other than that skip it completely. I Know I'm sounding a tad too harsh but it's my honest opinion."
There is something strangely fascinating about the casting of a downward spiraling Lindsay Lohan as screen icon (and two time Oscar winner) Elizabeth Taylor. Lohan is an easy target, to be sure, so I entered into the Lifetime original movie \"Liz & Dick\" with a reasonably open mind. It's true that this TV movie was lambasted critically, but it also became one of cable's biggest ratings hits of 2012. So, if nothing else, the Lohan factor created a certain curiosity. In that way, Lifetime came out the winner. That said, I might not have expected greatness, depth, or insight out of \"Liz & Dick,\" but I did anticipate a bit of fun. With a history of cheesy and over-the-top movies, I thought this might be a genuine guilty pleasure. Highlighting the tempestuous relationship between Taylor and Richard Burton (played by Grant Bowler, now on SyFy's Defiance), there was lots of room for campy fun. Alas, this never comes to fruition. Too superficial to be truly enlightening and too serious to be much fun, \"Liz & Dick\" doesn't make much of a mark at all.The movie is centered, for the most part, around the Cleopatra shoot that put Burton and Taylor together for the first time. Not much in the way of introduction is done for either, so hopefully you know something about each career-wise to put the story into context. Taylor is a diva, Burton a charming boozer. Both are married, but are somehow drawn to one another. Looking at the movie, however, there is nothing to establish this as a grand passion or a legitimate romance. There is a mild opposites attract flirtation and suddenly they are dissolving their marriages. They get together only because they're supposed to, to heck with demonstrating any real drama or relationship building. This by-the-numbers biography is so vague and unenlightening, they try to add content by staging interludes where Taylor and Burton reminisce in spare interview sequences.If you are familiar with Burton and Taylor, \"Liz & Dick\" offers absolutely no new insight into the pair. Chances are that if you have a preexisting knowledge of this film era and a love of movies, you are already smarter than the film's screenplay. I feel like this was made as an introduction to those who have zero exposure to the actual back story. But if that's the case, the movie doesn't dig deeply enough into the dynamics of the relationship or provide anything that defines this couple as the Hollywood royalty that they were. As for the performances, the great Theresa Russell is completely wasted as Taylor's mother. Bowler is likable enough, I suppose, but doesn't have much to work with. And Lohan lacks impact as a woman that could captivate the world. Truthfully, though, it is the tepid screenplay that makes \"Liz & Dick\" so dull. As I said, this didn't have to be great but it should have been fun! KGHarris, 5/13."
I didn't know anything about this woman or her many marriages, but it shows the selfishness and self-centeredness that movie stars can attain, the empty lives that they can lead, and the torment that they can cause others."
I am truly amazed that I sat through this entire movie. However, you need to realize that I went into it knowing that it would be a train wreck, but it was far worse than I expected. \"Liz and Dick\" is a bloody massacre. For the record, I am actually a member of Team LiLo. As a child star, she showed great potential as a solid B-actress (remember \"The Parent Trap,\" Freaky Friday,\" and of course the iconic \"Mean Girls?\"). Then Lindsay Lohan grew up, went to rehab 50 times, got arrested 105 times, and unfortunately she hasn't shown a whole lot of promise since then. I actually feel bad for her because she was so horribly miscast in this role. Lifetime obviously was desperate for viewers, and they cast LiLo as Elizabeth Taylor because they knew people like me would watch. And I did. And LiLo totally bombed.In fairness, the entire movie is an epic disaster (the only saving graces are the costumes, so props to the wardrobe mistress). First, let's talk about Lindsay. Ignore the fact that my cat looks more like Liz Taylor than LiLo does (as I recall, Liz's entire body wasn't covered in freckles). Unfortunately, LiLo put absolutely zero effort into preparing for this role. What you see for two hours is LiLo wearing a bunch of dark wigs, speaking in her regular LiLo voice. There was no attempt to master Liz's signature dialect, or the way she carried herself, or absolutely anything at all. Heck, she didn't even try to ACT most of the time. Everything was completely half-assed. Even when she was playing Angry Drunk Elizabeth and smashing bottles against the wall, her throws were just PITIFUL. It was insulting. The dude playing Richard Burton is only slightly better because he actually tries to act, but just happens to be a really bad actor (decked out in an even worse hairpiece). The sets are awful. The script is languid. And parts of the movie make no sense whatsoever. (Like, they constantly poke fun at Liz for being chubby, but I read that LiLo is so vain that she refused to wear any kind of fat suit for the film, so Richard is poking fun at fat Liz who is wearing skintight leather pants and can't weigh more than 105 pounds. Rewrite, anyone?)Everything. Is. SO. AWFUL. If you go into the film expecting to be entertained by watching really bad Lifetime television, like I was, you may end up pleasantly surprised in that \"Liz and Dick\" is ten times worse than anything you could have possible imagined it to be. My husband likened it to watching a high school theatre production, but I think that analogy is insulting to high school actors everywhere. Bottom line: Dame Elizabeth is rolling in her grave right now. I am glad she didn't live to witness this monstrosity."
This is a cheap bad film with bad acting about a Hollywood icon.  Save your 99 cents. You'd be better off watching an episode of the-its so bad its hard to watch- 'Honey Boo-boo'"
yeah okay, so it's not a masterpiece.  But it's a nice story that showcases the love between Liz Taylor and Richard Burton.  I loved it and will watch again, and after the scathing reviews on here, it turned out to be a pleasant surprise."
Liz and Dick were the Brad and Angelina of their era...on steroids. The tabloids kept us inform of all the dirt in their life. This was a tabloid view at best.The film is told in part as a flashback with narration by Liz (Lindsey Lohan) and Dick (Grant Bowler) starting with the filming of \"Cleopatra.\" I thought Lindsey Lohan would be right for the role, although she played it without class and style. Oh, they did get the contacts right. I kept waiting for that moment to tie the film together, to make everything I was watching on the screen suddenly become meaningful. It didn't happen. Grant Bowler had the lines down, but face it...he doesn't command the stage presence of Richard Burton.The screenplay was horrible. I don't think the film could have been any worse if John Belushi had played both title roles."
Movie is bad, but story of Elizabeth (as she preferred to be called) and Richard (as he preferred to be called) is a slight look into their story, as blurred as it may be.Lindsey not a very good actress but seems to have a connection with Elizabeth (this role).Its not worthy of any awards or a movie screen but if you love The Burton's you may want to see this."
i found the movie entertaining.  My knowledge of the relationship between Liz Taylor and Richard Burton was very limited. I enjoyed watching the movie and seeing how they got together and what an unique relationship it was. A must for Taylor and Burton fans."
I added it to my library for my daughter but I must admit that I rather enjoy the show myself. It is a cute show Marvin is always into something!"
I am really enjoying Marvin Marvin.Marvin is very awkward and doesn't understand how to behave like a human being.I have Asperger's Disorder, and often misunderstand how to behave like my peers.Marvin is from another planet.Sometimes I feel like I'm from another planet.This is a delightful collection. I can't wait until Season 3 hits Amazon Prime.Marvin is from another planet, his parents sent him to Earth, and he does have powers beyond (oops, I'm starting to quote Superman here), but yes, he does have powers beyond those of us men.He gets into a lot of amusing predicaments, all while his adoptive family do their best to protect him.If you have trouble feeling sorry for the weird kid at school, watch this show with an open mind. Maybe that kid is trying as hard as he can, and maybe he doesn't understand why you think he's weird.Give him a chance. You might be glad you did.John"
our daughter said it's better than any other disney or nick show she's seen. wishes it went further than 2 seasons."
Didn't really like the show.  We tend to watch only G through PG-13 so sometimes we start watching a show because of the rating and decide it is not for us when we get into it. This is what happened with this paticular movie.  Wish you had more selection in these catagories.I will never watch an R-rated movie and there seems to be rather a lot of them, on Prime"
This show is fun to watch and Marvin is a very funny character. He is the human form of Alf!"
by Se&ntilde;orita Rosita (b. 2003): stupid parents and cool kids, you've seen something like this before (Good Luck, Charlie) except MM's actors are not as talented and MM's writers are not as clever. Lucas Cruikshank (Marvin) is exceptionally annoying."
This is a really great series. The bears are friendly and each episode has friendly lessons about sharing and caring. My 3 year olds love it."
The carebear series teaches the young children about feelings and how to express them. All this in an entertaining story."
My grandson loves these shows. He really likes them when he has to rest. They teach him good values too! He is very active and anything that will hold his attention,is a good thing."
I am giving this five starts because that is what my four-year-old told me to give it.  I listen from the other room and very rarely, I watch Care Bears with her and it's entertaining.  She seems to love it.  Her other favorites are Big Comfy Couch, I can't think of the others, Dora, of course but there really are too many for me to report if I were a parent with a conscience."
Daughter loves Care Bears.  This cartoon is always safe for small children and good morL lessons. Video quality is excellent"
Everything he does is amazing. Chris is great,great actor,great singer,author. What an awesome person. He is just the best. Great."
After seeing the trailer, I thought that this might be a somewhat dark and depressing film, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend it to teens and older audiences! Chris Colfer has a very promising career ahead, judging from \"Struck by Lightning.\" And it's nice to see the class creeps get theirs in this flashback movie."
Be warned: some folks sense of humor can be maudlin.  And, as anyone can tell humor, humor is indeed a difficult concept.  It's certainly one that doesn't always translate (or transmit) well from person to person: what one person finds funny, another finds depressing.  Such is life, and such is the case with STRUCK BY LIGHTNING, GLEE's Chris Colfer's debut project.  Colfer wrote and headlined the picture, and, while I've no problems whatsoever with his acting chops, methinks his script could've used a bit more maturity in order to graduate from class.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last two paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)Here, let me spoil it for you: high school senior Carson Phillips (played by Colfer) is dead.  In case you missed it in the title, he's the one who's been struck by lightning.Now, before you get all high and mighty on me, let me remind you that (A) my second paragraph already spelled out the fact that there would be spoilers and (B) if you're at all interested in this film, then you'll know only a few minutes in much the same: Phillips is dead, and he's narrating his story for the audience in flashback because - as a precocious and world-weary spirit at his ripe young age - he has lessons he feels need to be imparted to you, the viewer.See what I did there?  I did exactly what Colfer does with the `moral to his story': he delivers the impact right outta the gate, and then he spends 84 minutes proselytizing about how life ain't fair, how high school sucks, how parents are incompetent, and how you'd better live a life of dreams before it's too late.  And I did it in only a handful of paragraphs.  Now, I've save you 84 minutes you can use for actually achieving some of your life's goals.  You can thank me later.That's what I mean about `humor.'  What works in STRUCK are the niceties - the little things - the quirks of young relationships; the stereotypical talking heads that populate a young person's life (especially the school guidance counselor who's more interested in securing a complimentary, free juice cup than she is concerned about your future); and the like.  Colfer hasn't quite experienced a full life, and, unfortunately, his script revolves around the very basic observations of a relatively young man.  That isn't a bad thing; it's just limiting.  That's why STRUCK is also populated by bad or tragically flawed adults that take the shape of a wryly comic but still abusive mother (has Allison Janney skills for anything else?), a dismissive father (Dermot Mulroney), and a school receptionist who's possibly part pedophile.There are plenty of other television stars packed in here - to the gills! - including Christina Hendricks, Sarah Hyland, and Angela Kinsey.  To Colfer's credit, he does give everyone a good moment or two, which gives the picture a nice touch.  Unfortunately, the fully advertised premise of the film - that Carson is intent on extorting his fellow high schoolers in order to get what he wants - doesn't begin until halfway through the run-time, and, as a result, STRUCK feels like it was struck by lightning all a little too late.An impressive first attempt, but I'll be expecting better the next time out.STRUCK BY LIGHTNING is produced by Permut Presentations, Camellia Entertainment, Evil Media Empire, and Inphenate.  DVD distribution is being handled by New Video.  As for the technical specifications, the film is extremely well-made with crisp images, fairly predictable cinematography, and excellent sound work.  As for the special features, there are a few, including a behind-the-scene short, an interview with Colfer and director Brian Dannelly, bloopers (17 minutes worth!), and a few deleted scenes.  It's a nice package - all of them are worth a look - so everyone involved should be commended.RECOMMENDED.  STRUCK BY LIGHTNING is a far cry from the zeitgeist works of John Hughes.  Hughes near-definitive take on being adolescent in such films as PRETTY IN PINK, SIXTEEN CANDLES, and THE BREAKFAST CLUB appear to be fairly safely mounted on their respective pedestals if Colfer's work is any indication; and that's actually quite sad.  Much of Colfer's script is winning - he admirably captures the sensibilities of the small-town boy with the big-city dreams and fairly consistently tweaks the basic high school archetypes (prom queen, cheerleader, athletes, druggies, nerds, etc.); the problem is - as most Hollywood creations do - he's also intent on smothering all of the good under the typical Tinseltown indictments of middle America (mom's a closeted substance abuser, dad's a deadbeat loser, principals don't give two squirts about students, etc.) the way a good Progressive/Liberal does.  Nice try, son, but maybe you should stick to singing.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at New Video provided me with a DVD copy of STRUCK BY LIGHTNING by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review."
Okay, not spectacular.  I like Chris Coffer but this fell a tad bit flat for me. Still, watchable. Wait for Netflix or Redbox."
Very good movie. The dark humor mixed with the disfunction of family life & high school will leave you laughing, a little sad and ready to watch the movie one more time. A must see."
Chris Colfer from TV's \"Glee\" is certainly making the most of his fame by expanding his resume as an author and a screenwriter, and I have to admire this tenacity and ambition.  As \"Glee\" winds down, the entire cast should be thinking about future career moves!  Colfer has become something of role model in recent years.  As an openly homosexual character on a popular television program, he has a platform that reaches millions of kids struggling with identity and/or bullying.  With this work, he has twice been nominated for an EMMY and even won a Golden Globe award.  \"Struck by Lightning\" is an adaptation of Colfer's popular teen novel, and its screenplay was penned by Colfer as well.  Director Brian Dannelly has assembled an extremely immense and TV friendly cast for this production and it's fun to see just who might pop up next.  Some of the notable actors in the ensemble include Allison Janney, Dermot Mulroney, Rebel Wilson, Polly Bergin, Sarah Hyland (Modern Family), Ashley Rickards (Awkward), Angela Kinsey (The Office), Christina Hendricks (Mad Men), Allie Grant (Suburgatory and Weeds), Graham Rogers (Revolution), Brad William Henke, and Ken Marino.The film tells the story of Carson Phillips (Colfer), who in the opening sequence is quite literally struck by lightning.  Through a series of flashbacks and a reflective voice over narration, Phillips recounts the days leading up to this event.  While he deals with an unstable mother (Janney) and a father (Mulroney) who seems to be moving on, he throws himself into making a better life for himself through education.  As the editor of the school paper, he is plagued by an unsupportive staff and an apathetic administration.  His college dreams may be off track unless he can come up with a noticeable project to pad his application.  Creating a literary magazine, he and his trusted sidekick (a remarkably restrained and quite good Rebel Wilson) use any means necessary to ensure the cooperation of all of the school's most influential students.  Meant to be a comic romp, the movie degenerates into a rather mean spirited adventure that actually seems to support reverse bullying.  As long as it isn't done by popular kids, does that make it defensible?There are plenty of things to like about \"Struck by Lightning.\"  First of all, the cast is first rate.  And the film has its amusing moments.  Ultimately, though, Colfer's character is not someone that you can really root for and admire.  He's not a lovable underdog, he's a judgmental bully.  He's smarter than everyone else in the movie, quick to condescend and make fun.  As such, he never elicited even one moment of sympathy from me.  I know that's the point and that there are life lessons to be learned by all.  You can make a terrific black comedy that is merciless (Heathers comes to mind), but \"Struck by Lightning\" seems to want to have it both ways.  As Colfer bullies everyone and blackmails them to his own reward, the movie embraces a meanness that is a perfectly acceptable choice.  But the movie also wants to have its share of \"warm and fuzzies.\"  After terrorizing everyone in his life, we're also supposed to embrace a positive message from the hero?  \"Struck by Lightning\" isn't a bad movie, by any stretch, it just sends a few mixed messages and one of them seems to support bullying as long as it's done by the right people for the right motives.  KGHarris, 5/13."
Like many other Glee fans I rented this because of Chris colfer. As Carson in this movie he still sounds like Kurt on Glee in his perceptions and witty comments. I liked the movie but hated that the main character died.The other characters were a lot like some of the kids on Gle (or maybe I just watch the show so much I think I teens are the way that are on thow.)  I haven't read the book yet but I pan to soon.It is funny in places, sad in others, but worth 90 minutes if your life to watch."
This is a very impressive film for a low budget indy. I think Chris Colfer show tremendous writing talent, especially when you consider he was only 18 when he wrote this story.This is something of a Slice of Life film, it is not intended to explain everything, it simply follows the main character as he skillfully, yet frustratingly, navigates the Jungle of High School near the end of his Senior year and up to the point of his death. Though that isn't a spoiler, the very first scene in the movie is his death. So, the entire movie is a flashback of the events leading up to that moment.Chris Colfer as the lead character is as charming as ever, yet do not expect this to be a remake of GLEE. No, this is a unique store of a very large ambitious mind trapped in a very small minded world. Chris Colfer as Carson Phillips in his own frustrating way touches the lives of those he encounters. But small minds can only grow just so far. In the end, the biggest mind is lost, and the small minds continue on in their small lives. That makes this a sad story because so much greatness is lost.If you like indy film this is certainly one worth watching."
Four-and-a-half stars, actually - but Amazon won't let you do half-stars.I loved STRUCK BY LIGHTNING. Starring Chris Colfer (Kurt from \"Glee\") - who also wrote the screenplay - the film starts off with a bang, literally, when high school senior Carson Phillips (Colfer) is struck dead by lightning within the first half-minute of the film. The rest of the film, told in flashback and narrated by Carson himself, depicts the highly intelligent social outcast as he struggles valiantly to get his staff to write for the school newspaper, even as he eagerly awaits word from Northwestern University - the only college he's wanted to attend since childhood, to pursue writing - so he can finally get out of the tiny town of Clover, where he has spent his entire life. And when he's told by a guidance counselor to start an on-campus literary magazine, to better get Northwestern's attention for their writing program, fate hands Carson a brilliant idea.Like any nerdling whose been picked on one too many times, Carson finally fires back - by getting dirt on every big shot in the school, then blackmailing each and every one of them to write a submission for his magazine. Incurring more hatred from his classmates doesn't matter - with a no-show father, a mother (played brilliantly by Allison Janney) addicted to booze and painkillers, and being surrounded by people with no ambition or dreams beyond the Clover city limits, Carson's blinders are fully on to escape.The film's message is so - SO - much deeper than you'd think; please watch this film with your brain fully engaged for full effect. This is a film about dreams, and how even those of us with the brightest of dreams may never make those dreams come true; the odds, frankly, are stacked against us. And yet, the film remains refreshing, positive, and inspiring. As I said, I loved it."
Chris Colfer wrote and stars in this film. I knew from the first time I saw his talent he was going to go far in this business, a lifetime of brilliance. Great story. I can say nothing more than to continue to comment on his suburb acting and now; writing.Excellant! Keep going Chris, we so look forward to your continued acting, singing and now writing."
Anyone who's seen Chris in an interview knows that he can be sarcastic and morbid.  He can also be incredibly funny, more than one would expect from watching him on glee.  This was a fantastic screenwriting debut for him, as well as his first turn in a lead role.  I hope to see more from him, especially his rumored asylum project."
I love Chris Colfer in Glee which is why I rented this movie but at was a little skeptical since it is based on high school. But after the first 5 minutes I was completely hooked. Allison Janney just steals the movie, she is incredible. But the whole cast is great. There are a lot of moments when you think &#34;Yup, that's definitely my high school&#34;This is an enjoyable movie. If you are avoiding watching it because &#34;You don't like Glee&#34; that is the wrong reason. This is nothing like Glee at all."
This tells the story of a smalltown boy who is the smartest kid in school and that makes him not only a &#8216;class A&#8217; nerd but also about as popular as a pork pie at a bar mitzvah. He runs the high school newspaper with fellow students who do not share his journalistic zeal, on the contrary they do squat to help him, so he ends up writing it all himself. He lives at home with an alcoholic mother who continually tells him she would be better off without him. His father ran out when he was a child and now only really contacts him when it is absolutely necessary, and it becomes necessary when he wants to remarry.He is desperate to escape and get to his ideal University so that he can one day become the top flight journo that he knows he can be. So in order to make his dreams come true he and fellow student Malerie Baggs (played by Rebel Wilson) decide to blackmail their fellow students to make the mag and literary review a success.This is a comedy and yes it is funny in places but this film has attracted criticism because of it baby faced singing star, Chris Colfer of &#8216;Glee&#8217; fame. He does not sing in any of this and fair play to him for broadening his artistic wings. He does a really good job without over stretching his tonsils and has proven he can do other things. Whilst not laugh out loud and no happy ending as we know he is dead from the opening scene )he gets struck by lightning), this is still a warm and rewarding watch."
Although the subject of the plot was depressing to think that mankind is so determined to make a dollar no matter what the consequences, the acting and presentation is excellent!"
Well it started slowly and never made a momentum.  I turned it off after 30 mints may be if you watch it longer it would make sense."
A DARK TRUTH is a polished, formulaic, badly paced, and quite predictable tale of corporate and governmental greed and evil. While it's understood that this film is supposedly based on a true story, the plot and conflict are half-baked and far-fetched (but not impossible). Moreover, the give-away dialogue is stilted and unnatural. The Ecuadorian Army must feel affronted by A DARK TRUTH's portrayal of its troops as both malignant and remarkably inept. Finally, the Toronto sequences are much more engaging and realistic than the Ecuadorian ones (filmed in the Dominican Republic), though unfortunately, the latter predominate here.Good performances by Whitaker and Coates. Best of all are both the character of Morgan Swinton and Deborah Unger's portrayal of her--too bad she's absent throughout most of the draggy mid-sections of the film."
Believable story that could be from BBC headlines!  Violent scenes proportional to story sequence with no extreme added special effects.  Addresses emerging issues concerning water rights in developing countries.  Ending sequence can have multiple meanings dependent upon viewers perceptions."
This movie was a nice surprise - all of the actors gave good performances and Garcia shines as usual. This is worth the time.."
I've found that message movies for the most part offer incredibly boring films that while trying to speak from the heart inevitably fail to entertain or hold your attention for long. Rarely does one succeed. For the most part these movies fail miserably and disappear from memory quickly. How many can say that they're fans of LIONS FOR LAMBS? You don't recall it? Not a surprise.For the most part message movies don't do much harm, though on rare occasions overzealous film makers tend to offer simplistic discussions promoting a topic they believe rather than an unbiased account. The majority of these movies seem to head straight to DVD rather than receive theatrical runs. That's not always a bad thing. Once in a while a decent movie comes out and gets into homes this way. Such is the case with A DARK TRUTH.Andy Garcia stars as Jack Begosian, an ex-CIA agent who now hosts his own political talk radio program. Trying to rebuild his life and steer clear of his past, Begosian must face his history when he is asked by one of the owners of a water purification company to investigate the particulars of a small village in South America. It seems that almost everyone there died of something wrong in the water. Begosian at first refuses but when he is told that the leader of a small group trying to get the truth out is Francisco Francis (Forest Whittaker) he agrees. It seems that Begosian owes a debt to Francis but we're not aware of what that is until later.On the run from corrupt leaders and military officials Francis and his group move through the jungle simply trying to avoid capture. Amazingly Begosian has no problem finding them though. He approaches them and offers them help at about the same time the military shows to take out as many as they can. On the run Begosian learns what the actual problem is and that Francis has the proof that will show the world what happened.The message here becomes one of corporate greed and manipulation. The evil corporate giant that has contracts around the world in water purification and management has failed in the small town mentioned before. Rather than seek out a solution to the problem they instead have tried to erase it so they can continue to market their product around the world and increase their wealth. Why they wouldn't seek out a solution to the problem so they can continue to profit from a good product doesn't matter. What matters is portraying corporations as all evil, all bad and all willing to kill to keep information from reaching the public.So yes, the film becomes predictable for the most part. It still is well made and acted and offers some mild entertainment. Just don't get sucked into the message. Are there terrible corporations in this world who will exploit the masses for a buck? I have little doubt. But cookie cutting movies will most likely not be the thing that leads to change. Still the movie offers a mild distraction and decent enough production values to make it worth watching."
Jack Begosian (Andy Garcia) is a former CIA operative who has retired to Toronto and hosts an all-night talk-radio show.  Hey, why not?  For nearly all the movie he anguishes about something in his CIA past, but never tells us any specifics.  At the same time, way down in Ecuador, Francisco Francis (Forest Whitaker) and his wife Mia (rifle toting Eva Longoria) are being chased by the army for undermining a Canadian water purification project headed by evil capitalist Bruce Swinton (Kim Coates).It seems that the huge water corporation screwed things up and allowed typhus to enter the water system, killing many locals.  If that wasn't bad enough, a corrupt general is executing any and all who try to escape.  Tipped off by a suicidal escapee, Swinton's sister, and major stockholder, Morgan (Deborah Kara Unger) convinces Jack with some big bucks to exfiltrate the Francis family, shedding light on the dirty business.  Jack reluctantly accepts the assignment realizing it will give him an opportunity to correct what happened when he was last in South America.  Oh, and the big bucks.While much of the photography is excellent, writer and director Damian Lee bungle the production with a ridiculous script.  Unger doesn't help much with her dour characterization that never changes from a zoned out aristocrat.  Garcia is much better, especially given the words he has to work with.  Kevin Durand is a hired assassin who changes direction, one that is easily foreseen.  Even with its heart in the right place, the film is preachy to a fault."
This is not a bad movie.  It's very watchable, decent amount of action spread throughout the movie, plot is kind of meh but serviceable.  Acting and pace was altogether good.Typical B action/drama where the bad guys are really bad and the good guys are not so good but altogether it works for the purposes of the story.  4.25 stars because of some pretty large plot holes and some glaring loose ends."
what's the old saying- the truth hurts. something like this happens all over the world. I don't like it but it does."
Well, let's give it points for trying, but A Dark Truth, a new Canadian produced echo-thriller unfortunately can't get it's act together. It's self important and semi-pretenses, but it can't be said that it doesn't means well. Few movies address the issue of water rights in South America, and dare I say, even fewer action movies do. So, trying must account for something, but the sad truth is that A Dark Truth is a bust that never manages to succeed in it`s intent, but it's intentions are noble enoughThe nearly always reliable Andy Garcia, recently and bewildering returning to leading man status, stars as Jack Begoison, a former CIA operative turned talk radio host. He lives in Canada, which might explain why his radio show isn't a bunch of crazy rants about the supervise political message of Dr. Seus' the Lorax or that the Dark Knight Rises is an attack on a prominent Republican candidate. Although, one caller does ask about aliens in the white house. All of this has next to nothing to do with the movie, so let's get back to that.From writer/director Damien Lee, who has more than twenty films to his directing  credit, movies such as Abraxas, Guardian of the Universe (starring Jesse Ventura) and Terminal Rush (with \"Rowdy\" Roddy Piper), among other movies you haven't seen and other titles you`ll scoff at,. Lee seems to be prolific in the video/DVD world, I hesitate to say efficient, but I don't think I have ever seen a movie he has made before. However, I feel safe in assuming this movie inadequacies are due to his rather dubious skills.A Dark Truth comes across looking very bad. It's not well made, rather dull in it's cinematography and editing. It's writing is more an assembling of clich&eacute;s than an actually story, and some of the performances are rather lifeless. It's the kind of theatrical film that only the first week of January can deliver.It can only be surmised that actors, a talented lot like Garcia, Eva Longoria, Forest Whitaker, Deborah Kara Unger, Kim Coates and Steven Bauer came on board this film because they believed in it's message. Which is more understandable than wanting to say I just made a movie for the director ofAbraxas. Unfortunately, the message is lost in this muddled mess and all that's left is a sad looking and less than entertaining jungle adventure. Whitaker seems asleep most of the time and Coates for the first time makes for a dull villain, it's a shame when Bauer gives the best performance.About the half way point, A Dark Truth, abandons it's original serious minded intent and becomes a rather indolent and generic action flick. The action scenes are badly filmed, too boat. Then it precedes to go on for too long fast tracking itself into a preachy On Deadly Ground style bummer. A Dark Truth may long to be a message film, but it ends up being the kind of movie that Tom Berenger used to make. I think few will see it, and even fewer will take anything useful from it.see my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com"
Good film however, not good enough for theater release. Ok for video. It was good to see Andy Garcia and Forrest Witaker."
The film deals with the age old conflict of control of natural resources. In this case an international company called Clear-Bec runs water filtration systems. It makes deals with governments to take over the waterways used by the poor indigenous population, then turn around and sell them what has been free. Old progressives are familiar with this type of thing from Susan George's \"How the Other Half Dies\" (1976).In this particular case, the water in an Ecuadorian village becomes polluted with sewage and leads to a typhus epidemic which wipes out a village. Part of the damage control was to have the military ensure there were no witnesses. The incident is brought to the attention of Morgan Swinton (Deborah Kara Unger) part owner of the evil corporation. She has a conscience and wants to get to the bottom of the incident against the wishes of her brother and the rest of the company.She hires radio talk show host and former CIA agent Jack Begosian (Andy Garcia) who used to work on the other side of these types of issues. For him it is a chance for redemption and to bury those demons. His goal is to bring back the only witness, an activist who has the secret files of what happened, Francisco Francis (Forest Whitaker).The film is about a fictional corporation doing things that are not beyond the realm of reason, until they bring the fight home, then I had to scratch my head. Personally I would have liked to seen a dramatization of a certain soft drink company who we all know and love and their involvement with the assassination of union leaders in Columbia.Andy Garcia and Forest Whitaker are typically animated characters in stories. In this movie they are rather subdued and defined more by their philosophical ramblings than actions. The plot was fairly simple without any real twist. The final shoot out I found grossly unbelievable. I never got to experience the pain of the affected people, nor did I develop any type connection with the main character whose past, which was fundamental to understanding him, was not fully explained. Not as good as Sean Connery in the Amazon Rain Forest.Parental Guide: No F-bombs, sex, or nudity. Killing, some blood not overly graphic."
&#34;When you can't affect change from within, I mean positive change, you have an obligation if you're at all conscious to get out and try other things.&#34; Jack Begosian (Garcia) is a former CIA operative who is now a talk show host talking about important issues. Bruce Swinton (Coates) is the head of a large corporation who has just found out about a huge problem with his company and a local African community. When his sister wants him to tell the truth he fights her and she hires Jack to go in and expose what is going on in the country. This is a very important movie that should be seen by more people then will actually see it. Very engrossing and informative and worth seeing. The only real problem I have is that it plays almost more like a Dateline or 60 Minutes type story then a movie. I'm not saying that that is a bad thing but that's what I was reminded of. The acting is great and I recommend this but be ready for this type of movie. Overall, a very important movie that may have the possibility to change things. I give it a B+."
this is the type of shows they should have on today. not who can fart the loudest! its a show not real life but at least it has substance!"
This is an 80's family sitcom. Mostly entertaining, while exploring family values and issues of the day. It's great to have on in the background."
Family Ties was a pretty decent comedy.  Michael J. Fox's character, Alex, was the epitome of the Reagan Administration.  He was Mr. Wall Street, Mr. Conservative and Mr. Business.  Parents Steven (Michael Gross) and Elyse (Meredith Baxter-Birney [at the time]) Keaton were the liberal throwbacks from the 60s.Toss in two other children, Jennifer (Tina Yothers) and Mallory (Justine Bateman) and eventually, for 71 episodes, Andy (Brian Bonsall) and you've got the ingredients for a good laugh."
I don't always agree with their philosophies but I enjoy the comedy and acting.  I also like the interaction between parents and children."
I used to watch this show years ago, Michael J Fox was fantastic in it. And the plots are family occurrences that anybody can relate to."
This show made Fox a household name. He was the eldest of 3 children, born to a hippie Mom and Dad. His character was Alex P. Keaton, and he is only in high school, but seemingly much older. He was fascinated with business and economics and usually wore a suit or tie. The show is dated, but still worth watching and still very funny in this day and age."
Scary situations: real life. One gets into the feelings both the victim\\s and 911 operators are feeling when this is happening."
Maybe even 2.5 stars. Lots of repeating-hello I don't need to watch the same thing 4 times. Terrible camera work. Bought 1 episode. Won't by another."
I love true crime and reality shows. This show was interesting and I enjoyed it but it is not one of my favorites."
I found each episode very interesting. I like the way they use the actual 911 recordings and then commentary from those involved in each incident. I would watch every episode available!"
I got a lot more out of this show than I expected. It had me a nervous wreck through each episode, my husband as well which is saying alot for any show. I have no clue why they never made more episodes, the show is amazingly good. They should really consider bringing it back. The few episodes released leaving you wanting more. It is so good I know I will re-watch them quite a few times."
It was like it was in real time. Made you want to help the victim. I was exciting and enlightening. What people will do to survive and the heroes that come to help, or are there on the phone, all letting them know they are not alone. Would like to see more of these stories."
I gave it five stars because I thank it is a very good show to watch. it has real 911 calls that are acted out to see. I recommend this to everyone."
I like this show a lot. It's really suspenseful. I wish there were more episodes per season. Can't wait to see more."
Why are things like this on tv?We don't have enough senseless violence in this country? Enough people who get off on others' misery?"
My three year old daughter LOVES these guys and has now for the past year.  Teaches her quite a bit about animals."
An absolute favorite of my two grandchildren (age 4 and 6)! A fun way to learn about nature and it's inhabitants . . . easy to follow information with an interesting format. Parent and grandchild approved, definitely recommended for children 4 years and older.If you are a parent or grandparent, this program offers 'quality video time' that can be shared!"
My 4 year old Grandson loves watching Wild Kratts on TV so this was a no-brainer for the car.  Thank You."
My 3 year old daughter loves this show (she is also a fan of Zaboomafoo that I wish Amazon would carry).  As a mom I love the fun way they teach about animals, habitats and compassion - and that the smartest characters in the show are two women!  My daughter thinks the Kratt brothers are funny and has learned so much about animals, often choosing library books based on recent episodes."
Watching real live animals and seeing how they grow is interesting in many different ways.This movie is amazing my daughters watched it again and again."
Our whole family loves this show. We've been watching it for a while now, and unlike other children's preschool shows, it hasn't gotten annoying for the adults to watch. :-)"
My kids age range from 4 to 10 years old and they all love this show.  It teaches them about animals, their habitat, and abilities.  Often I learn about animals I've never heard of and my children love telling me about what kind of &#34;creature power&#34; they want."
If your child loves animals, then this is a great show for them.  Our boys love this show and have learned so much, actually I have learned alot as well!  No issues with streaming and commerical free."
If you are looking for something light and fun to watch, this would be good for  a binge session when it is too hot to be outside."
This ensemble cast is so good together that it is hard to believe that they don't actually live together in Cleveland sharing an array of hilarious experience as each character looks for love and how to reinvent themselves anew after their lives in LA had left them feeling stuck and unattractive. It is easy to love the comedy with the sharp dialogue as well as the situation comedy and the extra bonus of great guest stars who appear on the show as a regular feature adding an extra surprise for every episode. I love this series it really makes me laugh out loud during every episode!And who can resist the charm and stand out performance by Betty White as oldest woman in the group who is not from LA but who has a really colorful background herself!"
A very well written comedy, perhaps with some cheesieness, but still an enjoyable, light comedy with Betty White moments of sheer brilliance."
I am into season four, and I still thing it is one of the funniest shows on TV. Unfortunately, I do not have cable TV, so this is my only opportunity to see the show. Thank you Amazon.If you are a Betty White fan, you have to watch this series. At 90 years old she still is a spunky as ever. While the rest of the cast is excellent, Betty steals the show."
Whenever I need a good laugh all I need to do is watch this show. I can't think of any show funnier than Hot in Cleveland."
This is one of the funniest shows currently on television, and it's great to be able to go to Amazon On Demand and pick up missed episodes."
Great writing with 4 different age women sharing the same house, facing the transitions of their life in a funny  lighthearted manner-not vulger like todays sit-coms; and can relate to all changes in the female body i,e, menapause, weight problems and the ability to laugh at silly situations."
The series and in particular this episode are hysterical.  My son came into the room that night to see why I was laughing so loudly.  And how they objectify (the fire man without the shirt!) the male is sooo funny...I so enjoy the tables turned.  The best part of the series...what I enjoy the most...is the cast of characters from my \"past\" appearing on the show.  The only major star left... one I want to see...is VALERIE HARPER...come on...get her into the series.  To the creators and cast...THANK YOU..."
What more could you ask for from 3 sluts and a &#34;use-ta-could&#34;? Seriously, these ladies (and I do mean ladies) play their roles flawlessly. My girlfriend and I watch them when it is bedtime and we would otherwise be falling asleep. Opening credits roll and next thing we know closing credits are rolling! There has to be something said for subliminal entertainment because we always wake up with a smile! Oh wait, TV had nothing to do with that!"
There are parts of this series that you will laugh so hard that your sides will ache!!!!  Four stars for all of the comedy veterans starring in this very funny show"
I do like the show, the actresses are great, and sometimes laugh out loud funny.  In previous seasons there were moments when I laughed so hard I cried.  This season not so much.  I don't watch network tv much because I hate watching the same commercial over and over again, even if I DVR the episode, so i wait to watch the entire season when it is available on amazon prime.  It seemed at times I had already seen a story line.  Same story line but different boy friend.  Over all I enjoy the show, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others, but probably need to remind the writers that the girls are all over 50 and keep the story lines appropriate."
I absolutely love this series and have so many laugh out louds experiences.  I'm glad to see that TVland is taking them on for another series!  Great taste TVland!!!"
Enjoying the shows.was able to start from season 1 and work my way up. LOVE THE SHOW! ! Got to love Betty White"
They have such a good time making the show, that we have a great time watching it.  The parade of guest stars is always fun, and the running jokes are classic.Great fun."
While the show can be a bit slapstck at times.  Who could not love the all star casts!  I great break from the &#34;ususal&#34; sitcoms out there."
The show continues to be entertaining and it set the ladies up to meet new people and shows of more of their talents."
...the ladies of &#34;Hot in Cleveland&#34; do it again!  Season 4 is just as funny and hilarious as Seasons 1-3.  The comic timing of all four of these gifted actresses is perfect.  Their talent is what makes this show so watchable and enjoyable.  Looking forward to Season 5 on Prime!"
Love this show!  It is really funny so I'm laughing throughout the show.  The cast is great and they work very well together. The streaming is great!  No downloading during the show.  The sound and picture quality is excellent."
I love all the cast members they play off each other very well and for a 30 minute comedy show you can't go wrong. it's ususally good for a few laughs."
I love this season, and I sometimes watch an episode more than once. The actors are all so good, and the storylines are always very interesting."
Well the cast is very appealing and the humor well executed. Maybe not for everyone but a good time for women of a certain age."
Don't watch this show unless you want to laugh.  Betty White makes this show what it is.  I find Valerie Bertinelli's character to be the least likeable.  If she could just shut up and stop falling all over her lines, I'd like the character a little more, but she is extremely annoying!  However, the brilliance of Betty White and Wendy Mallick certainly make up for Valerie's droning.  Georgia Engle makes a wonderful addition to the show, and the constant barrage of guest starts such as David Spade, Regis Philbin, Carol Burnett, Jean Smart, and Alan Dale will keep you entertained."
I rated this sitcom high because of the writing and acting. All involved love their work and It shoes. Fun, laughter, and guest stars from back in the day make this an enjoyable experience!"
Funny ladies a decade younger Golden Girls."
Love everything about this series. Looking forward to watching the new season. The cast and writing are great. That's all."
Loved the previous seasons.  Honestly, I didn't think season four would stand the test of time.  Watching the first few episodes proved me wrong."
HIC is a funny television show.  Each character brings something special to the story.  Rated G-ish.  They do talk about dating, and sleeping with men.  Man not be suitable for younger eyes.  Other than that it is clean."
This show is very addictive and wonderful.  All of the ladies are great actresses and you find yourself laughing out loud throughout the whole show.  Betty White is fantastic.  I use to think Mike and Molly was my favorite show, but after watching Hot in Cleveland - my mind has been changed."
Can't wait till I can get the next season! Love this show about friends from LA that move to Cleveland and the hilarious adventures. I'm around the same age as these women (not as beautiful) but can relate to some of their insecurities. Betty white character is a bonus! She is a hip, funny woman who brings the other four back to reality. This series is a must if you love slapstick comedies."
What a joy it is to watch this show. The writing  is sometimes brilliant. But the actors and all the old familiar guest stars make this the perfect comedy. I love seeing actors, whom TV stations deemed too old to draw an audience, show them what pros can do."
My wife and I love this show - it is funny, intelligent, great writing, great acting, great producing, and does not talk down to its viewers, the actors obviously love what they are doing and they work together so perfectly."
This movie was a lot of fun.  Better than expected.  I guess billy bob is a selling point?  But it really is our 3 anti-heroes that make this movie rock."
Better than I expected... A nice relationship between the the kid and the guy who saves him. It had a nice moral to it...in a twisted kinda way."
Saw this movie first because Travis Fimmel is in it. But I soon found this one of those movies that is obviously bad, but it is brilliant in it's awfulness. And can I just say that with all of the A-list talent, the three brothers are still the scene stealers of the film."
You have some interesting actors in this movie, however, the script is so unbelievable.  The movie never really comes together because the characters don't have any chemistry."
I've seen this DVD twice in the past two seeks and it just keeps getting better. The best way to describe it is to say its an old drive-in movie on steroids. Everything about it is just plain fun, including themed biker gangs and three anti-heroes who are both disgusting and lovable at the same time. I wish they'd make a sequel. And bravo to the film maker for having southern accents that are half way believable."
Mindless brutality has been done so many times it's tiresome.  Three Alabama \"rebel orphans\" take a freelance job to swipe a valuable kid from a crime kingpen.  After the heist they face armies of Texas bodyguards, armed biker chick prostitutes, spiked leather black guys, and Indian archers.  All that's missing is ninjas with throwing stars.  Even Billy Bob can't lift this cheese off the ground."
I rented this at a kiosk as just something to watch that I haven't seen the other day.  I figured it was going to be the typical low budget quick b-movie rental cash grab.  Oddly enough this movie was fairly well done.  It wasn't high budget but it didn't feel low budget either.Good acting all around, excellent action, and the typical muddled action plot (which is okay because it's pretty much convention to have a plot that doesn't really make sense in an action movie).  It's basically a movie that does what it's supposed to do (be watchable and fairly entertaining) and does it well.Worth a watch if you don't expect oscar worthy plot lines, dialog, and acting from an action movie.  It has a bunch of notable actors in (somewhat) limited roles.  Not sure how they could afford these actors though (looking it up) this movie cost $4,000,000 to make (apparently).  Doesn't look or feel that way."
This movie is nonstop laughs and action all of the way through, I rented this before it even came out on blu-ray from my local video store, and as soon as I returned it I preordered it that day. This movie is great, and if you like a gritty action movie mixed in with humor then you will love this movie."
love Travis Fimmel...anything with him in it is great..so glad it was available to buy. Like behind the scenes. yay"
Oh my God...I saw a preview for this movie and thought that it looked like my kind of movie. Explosions, guns, fun. It was all that and more, every performance was tremendous, funny, serious and just fun. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to just sit back and enjoy the ride."
This will probably be one of Billy Bob Thornton's final films as he has stated publicly that he is pretty much done with making films at this time in his life. I'm sorry to see him retire, but he certainly has left us with a wonderful legacy of films that are &#34;a little different&#34; than the usual fare. This is one of those films.There's a lot of violence in this film, right from the start, but it isn't gratuitous violence. The seemingly obvious plot soon reveals some very unexpected twists and surprises, which is great fun. Thornton isn't one of the main characters, but he is certainly unforgettable as a murderous, power-hungry tycoon who has diverse groups of thugs at his beck and call.The real stars of the film are the seemingly rotten-to-the-core brothers who will do anything for money. They set out to do a high-paying job for Thornton, but they are transformed when they learn the job is the kidnapping of a young man who has severe mental and physical disabilities. This transformation is great to watch. Don't get me wrong, the movie doesn't turn mushy as the carnage keeps things rolling at the pace of a roller coaster.The acting is excellent, as is the script. I saw this without having any idea what it was about, just looking for another good Thornton film ... and I definitely found one here. I ended up buying it as well."
I enjoyed this film, I am a big fan of action adventures. However, great for video; I am not sure it will do very well in theater viewing. Great actors are in this film and do well."
The Oodie brothers are three redneck hitmen living near Montgomery Alabama. They are in cahoots with the local sheriff (Andre Braugher). When Celeste (Eva Longoria) offers them $25,000 to retrieve her godson (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) from crime boss Carlos (Billy Bob Thornton) they free lance.The boys are Brick, the leader (Clayne Crawford); McQueen, nearly illiterate (Travis Fimmel) and Lincoln aka The Dixie Reaper (Daniel Cudmore). Carlos is the \"Wal- f@#$ing Mart of crime.\" Once the godson is taken, he sends out gangs to retrieve him, including a gang of biker prostitutes. Meanwhile the sheriff is being hounded by a \"Yankee ATF\" (Paul Wesley) who is putting the pieces together.This is a great shoot 'em grindhouse film. If you are not a grindhouse action fan, then don't bother with this film. This production includes colorful characters, a great soundtrack, and an improbable plot...everything we want in a grindhouse except Danny Trejo.Parental Guide: F-bombs, brief rear nudity, brief sex on a video."
&#34;If I can't have him no one can.&#34; When Celeste (Longoria) wants to get her son back from her abusive ex Carlod (Thornton) she turns to three redneck brothers. Taking him back was easy, avoiding the odd gangs that are after them proves to be a little tougher. This is yet another movie where my expectations were apparently way to high. Also this is another movie where they put two big stars on the poster, but not really in the movie. They are in it more then Bruce Willis seems to be in his movies lately but they both did about 3 days of work each. Other then that the movie is a little boring. Really full of action and comedy but I had a hard time getting into this. I'm not sure what was missing because I usually like movies like this but I really couldn't get into this. Overall, I was very disappointed by this, was hoping for something more exciting. I give it a C+"
A mysterious woman Celeste (Eva Longoria) hires three redneck outlaw brothers Brick (Clayne Crawford), Lincoln (Daniel Cudmore) and McQueen Oodie (Travis Fimmel) to rescue her kidnapped godson Rob (Thomas Brodie-Sangster). And she pays 5,000 dollars up front. The Oodie brothers, running out of money, are ready to accept. The problem is, though they are able to get the boy, an army of hired thugs stand in the way before their mission is completely over.\"The Baytown Outlaws\" directed and co-written by Barry Battles (his feature debut) starts out promisingly. And you know, the villain is played by always reliable Billy Bob Thornton. Sadly, the role doesn't give him much to work on. The same can be said about the character played by Zo Bell, though both players are doing their best. Eva Longoria doesn't have much to do.The film's bloody and over-the-top shoot-outs didn't bother me much. Neither did the stereotypical descriptions of the characters, which I think is intentional. Some may compare this with Tarantino and \"Mad Max\" movies. I am not sure the comparison is valid; violent as they are, directors like Quentin Tarantino and George Miller have distinct styles in dialogue and action, which are missing in \"The Baytown Outlaws.\" In fact, \"The Baytown Outlaws\" takes itself too seriously in its final act, posing philosophical questions which few of us would be interested in.With a weak subplot about a local sheriff (Andre Braugher) and an ATF agent (Paul Wesley), \"The Baytown Outlaws\" slowly loses its steam despite several interesting oddball characters. The movie is enjoyable, but it could have been more so with a better script."
Kumare is entertaining to a point.  I'd recommend it as a rental, not a purchase, as it won't require repeat viewings, but its worth a look!"
I can't say it was a useful propostion except for mixing up the labelling. He started out as part man but mostly guru and endes up as mostly man and part guru. When he was unveiling himself, it took a long time; he did not appear shaven and talking in an american voice in one shot. This was so his students could make the transition without going into shock and he assures them a part of him is \"still Kumara\".It would have been diabolical to have forced them to make their own sudden transitions because not all could have survived. The 10/14 received an empowering transformation that they have the power to be their own guru. The main problem seems to be that they need support and affirmation and they can't do it alone. Presumably going to church is not enough or it is too old-fashioned.There is a deeper question to this film. Is Kumara an atheist or an agnostic.? If he isn't  does he know he thinks like one? To an atheist it is obvious people create God,  not the other way around. It easy to translate the metaphor into what he did ; the higher Self was used to illustrate we create it all. The relationship with Ghandi is so one-on-one ,that it is a short cut on the God abstraction,which is why it never crops up and why there is so much dependence fom the students. But I do wonder if Ghandi is being reticient. ( also  true if he was an agnostic)I was impressed by how decent the seekers were and how important this value was. It transcends any foolhardy exposure, which they may have unwittingly brought on themselves.I got a kick out of seeing my own yoga group of choice flash on-screen. I have been where these students are withthe whole sublimation of identity into the yoga one. I crashed. The way into self is through an agnostic/atheist route,I found. Even the Bhuddists are not into God if you really go into the teachings."
Well worth anyone's time to watch!  Says so much about upper class culture in the American SW.  Don't miss it!"
This is actually a really good movie it looks at what drives a religion. It is like wow I would so do this. It is a must see ."
Interesting documentary about a guy who decided to put himself out there as a spiritual leader and, to his surprise, was warmly accepted.  But then, his conscience got the better of him and he had to confess.  I liked this film and the characters."
Storage 2487 minHorror/Sci-FiJune 29, 2012UKA bold move by Noel Clarke (Dr. Who) creating this unusual story, putting it into production, and acting in it too.  The movie starts with a group of people at a storage unit facility just outside London.  Noel and a buddy are driving there because his girlfriend has kicked him out and he needs to go through the storage and get his things.  A top secret military plane crashes near the storage facility and it locks everyone inside.  Unfortunately the land lines are out and cellphones aren't getting service.  That wouldn't be so bad but there seems to be something else inside that is killing people, and in a very grotesque way.  I am not sure why the critics are so hard on this movie.  It has a different approach to the creature movie, and I think it is well done.  This is certainly a notch above the typical B SciFI movies.  Good casting, acting, and directing.  It has tight camera work, good makeup, nice special effects, and great music.  I truly enjoy this kind of movie and i hope that Noel will make more like this.  Rent the Storage 24 HD, but if you liked Super 8, plan to buy the Blu-ray because it has rewatchability.Director: Johannes RobertsWriters: Noel Clarke, Davie FairbanksStars: Noel Clarke, Colin O'Donoghue, Antonia Campbell-HughesRecommendations:Super 8 [HD],Alien, andPredatorsCA Luster"
Six people become trapped in a storage facility with a deadly alien creature hot on their trail in STORAGE 24. STORAGE 24 commits high treason against Horror fans by sticking to a bland and predictable storyline that rarely strays from modern convention. Not one of its unlikeable characters ever come close to resembling a hero, as we are left to suffer through their petty drama in the hopes that each of them will be soon be dispatched. Johannes Roberts fails to inject any energy or suspense in to the picture, with the minimal amounts of action being weighed down by each dialog-heavy (but substance-free) scene. The only minor success is in the creature design, itself, whose sinewy, insect-like appearance scores a few points for originality. Otherwise, STORAGE 24 is a downright boring viewing experience that fails to elicit any form of response in the viewer.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies"
Good fun and creature that's cool looking and good UK fun.this may not be for everyone but for people that like cheese horror and guy a suit effects then this is for you , fans of Sean of the dead ,ect"
I could not stand any of these characters at all just annoying low life people that just did dumb things for no reason at all. If it wasn't because of that it would be an alright alien movie. The alien was kinda cool looking and the effects weren't too bad. T
We thought this was creative and a lot of fun. As an extra bonus it has Noel Clark  (Rose's boyfriend from the Doctor Who series). I love a good creature feature and this really fits the bill."
Movies like this frustrate me. You see how good it could have been and cringe over the bad decisions that kept it from being so. It's easy being a Monday morning quarterback, but that's why reviews are written.Here's the scoop. Charlie is down in the dumps over the fact his girlfriend, Shelley, has given him his walking papers. He goes to a public storage facility, with his bud Mark, to grab a few items of his that will put the capper on their break-up. Unfortunately Shelley is also there with a couple of her friends doing the same thing. A military cargo plane crashes, screwing up all functions and communications in the facility. It has also loosed a hideous creature which is hell bent on killing the lot of them. Since they are locked in, they only way out is through the monster.It's odd that the thing working best in this 'monster' movie is the unfolding of the relationships of those involved. The monster stuff is really not all that good. The creature itself appears to be of the rubber suit variety. The designers just wanted to make an ugly looking thing and didn't concern themselves with biology. It's not one of the better looking monsters I've ever seen in a movie. Then there's the stupid stuff. Ventilation ducts running between the storage units? How secure is THAT?! And there's a guy living in one of the units with a wall of televisions lit up. I doubt it. There are also some really cheap, over-used jump scares. And how many times are we going to see someone fumble for their keys when there is imminent doom present? Yup. Some really stupid stuff going on here.There are some good performances happening and the directing is good enough. The ending is a bit on the cool side as well. Were it not for the mind numbing stupidity present here, this could have been a real contender."
I went into this movie with no expectations and was pleasantly surprised. The acting was good enough, and the writing had some twists that kept it fresh. I'm not shouting from the rooftops about this movie, but I definitely liked it enough to watch it twice, and that is saying something!"
We go to London for this latest creature feature based flick, where the contents of a secret military plane are scattered about the city. Despite the city being locked down some people totally oblivious to this fact enter a storage facility and become trapped (come on you were expecting a movie called \"Storage 24\" to NOT take place in a storage building?). At first things don't seem all bad but soon it becomes clear that there is something inside with them and it's on the prowl, that's really about it folks.The early part with the plane crashing and the aftermath that occured was actually pretty well done. Sadly after the decent opening portions it boils down to a run and hide flick, the people inside try to avoid this creature, which for the budget doesn't look horrible in short shots but the longer ones of it do show how goofy it looks. There's a lot and I mean a lot of \"Don't go in there\" or \"Don't separate\" moments with all involved, but of course for the sake of the movie they all do stupid things that lead to their demise.There's not a lot of scary parts, even the ones that involve the monster, in fact creepiest part was when one of the actors stumbles into a storage unit holding a bunch of creepy looking mannequins . I suppose the dark storage building was supposed to lend some good atmosphere to this typical plot, but there's a lot of uneeded drama and bickering between some of the key characters that bogs portions of the film down.Others have compared how bad \"Storage 24\" is with \"Skyline\", which I can understand but to me \"Skyline\" was much more irritating. \"Storage 24\" is a pretty basic and badly acted monster movie but nothing more, \"Skyline\" seemed like it was aiming for something more and even a possible sequel from how it ended. * out of 4 stars."
At least that's what they attempted.  But it doesn't really scare and it doesn't really make any sense.  Now, I'm thinking my rating may have been too high.  Is it a government conspiracy?  Is it a love story?  Is it an extra-terrestrial takeover? Is it a story about a phobia of toy dogs?  Yeah, it was watchable.  And this could have been a really good movie had the writers taken one of those ideas (maybe not the toy dog phobia) and stuck with it.  Bascially something falls from the sky into a storage center.  Conviently, the people at the center are locked into it because of a malfunctioning chain link gate.  And now the story gets falls off the rails.  Starting with the silly woman walking her dog who decides to investigate the fallen metal container.  Men in Black in cars suddenly show up, only to never be seen again.  Oh, nothing happens to them, the writers decided not to use them anymore.  So we're introduced to the love broken guy from Dr. Who and his best friend, who he finds out later... well, you'll see.  Throw in an old coot who's squatting in one of the storage pods, a creepy basement, toy dogs and fireworks, air ducts (a la ALIEN), a twist in the love story, and a creature that looks like a cross between the Predator and a dinosaur.  Actually, something you might see in a more intelligent version of Dr Who.  And at the end, you're waiting for the good Doctor to show up to rescue you from whatever is the new plot that the writers have devised. Actually, it looks like something they stole from 2010's Skyline, which is an even worse alien invasion movie.  But it's too late for this plot because the credits start rolling. The cast deserves better than this and so do you."
If you know me, you know that I'm a sucker for a good creature-feature.  If a movie has any kind of monster or alien in it, chances are that I'll give it a look.  I love to see just how original effects-artists can be these days (or, in some cases, just how much they can take from other artists' ideas).  Not to mention, creature-features usually come with a nice dose of suspense as well.  With STORAGE 24, we get a nice combination of both and, while it's not perfect, it is certainly entertaining to watch.When talking about this sub-genre of horror, I have to note that I LOVE alien flicks the most out of all creature-feature films.  There's just something about their unknown origins and how anything about them could potentially kill us that pulls me in.  Call me weird, I know...but I will never get tired of them (I hope).As for STORAGE 24, I have to give major credit to actor/writer Noel Clarke.  I enjoyed him in Doctor Who, so when I saw that he was in this film, I knew I had to give it a look.  And later, when I found out he wrote it, I was like \"Wow...talk about talent!\"  As I mentioned, this film isn't perfect, but it's fun, and that's what counts.The film is shot well and looks go
A claustrophobic setting provides an eerie setting for this effective British indie.  Co-writer Noel Clarke leads a good cast as a group of people find themselves trapped in a storage unit after the mysterious crash of a government aircraft.  STORAGE 24 is tense, often clever film that has some scary moments and uses its low budget quite well.  The creature is pretty frightening and the film's finale will leave you wondering...government experiment or....?  No spoilers here!Overall, I enjoyed STORAGE 24."
STORAGE 24 - I checked it out last night on Netflix streaming. For being a `creature' flick...it wasn't THAT bad.The movie takes place in London - Yep...hot chicks with accents. SOLD! (lol) The movie starts off with an explosion - plane crashes and there's a metal box on the ground - - - by the look of it - - \"Something\" was in this metal box. Night time comes and we meet a group of people and a few strangers who happen to be stopping by a storage facility - - picture a U-Haul Self Storage place...but BIGGER...wayyyyy bigger. As we continue to watch - we see that there's drama between these folks. One dude has recently been dumped by his girlfriend - that's why he's there with his best friend...to pick up HIS stuff from the storage unit. The bad thing is - - his x girl friend is there at the unit as well - with HER friends. AWKWARD. Well - if that wasn't enough...the power of the facility is tripping because of the plane accident and well...THERE'S A CREATURE RUNNING AROUND...READY TO KILL. So the group of `not so' friends have to team up - - survive AND escape.Like I said before - STORAGE 24 wasn't that bad of a movie - people in my circle made it sound a lot worse. (lol) Yes...the creature looks a little cheesy in some parts. But it works. I thought the blood/kill scenes were cool.Is it worth a watch? Yeah, why not."
This low budget British horror flick has been sitting in my DVR for a couple months now and I finally got around to checking it out.  Filmed for all but a few seconds inside a 24 hour storage facility in the outskirts of London, the film borrows from many earlier ones and manages to create some suspense here and there.Shocked by a loud explosion, later determined to be a plane crash near the facility, the electricity becomes erratic eventually locking a handful inside the storage building.  When things start to go bump in the night, we start the countdown to grueling deaths, one by one.  Evidently the plane that crashed was a military cargo plane carrying some top secret containers.  Using their ingenuity and a few \"weapons\" they find inside the individual storage units, the little group must go to battle with an unknown enemy.  Pretty corny and not terribly scary but not that bad either."
Alien creatures attacking people is standard fare for movie-makers in Hollywood.  As computing power becomes cheaper, we see more movies of this genre being made outside the US.  Examples include District 9, The Darkest Hour, and this film based in London, Storage 24.  Released to minimal fanfare, this film is based is part action, part suspense, and part horror.  The story is simple enough; a cargo craft crashes in downtown London, releasing an alien creature which gets into a rental storage facility.  Inside the facility are a group of individuals, some friends, some workers, who are trapped.  One by one the alien kills them until the people finally band together and fight back.  After this, the people manage to escape facility, only to discover that all of London is under invasion by more of these aliens.The plot bears similarities to other recent alien invasion films, such as Super 8 for example.  The cast is composed of unknowns, but they do a good job in this movie.  The special effects are decent, though not exceptional.  Overall, a good, but not great film."
Storage 24 does a pretty good job of creating tension and suspense. The effects are decidedly on the low budget side. Plays like a well done SyFy movie."
I felt like the producers were attempting to remake ALIENS without the big budget or a scary enough creature.  My dogs fell asleep on this one.  They'll usually watch just about anything.  Not tonight! BOOORRRIIIINNNNGGGGG!"
For a small British film this is just amazing and stands up to Hollywood movies any day, written by the talented Noel Clarke who also stars, the story is simple yet brilliant with a group of people stuck in a security storage facility after it locks down due to a power malfunction caused by a massive explosion in the middle of London, a military plane crashed carrying what turns out to be an alien, a deadly alien that likes human flesh. The entire cast is great, the effects are top notch, the monster effects are old school man in a suit but look awesome and very original and scary, there are a few cool gore moments and stand out scenes, this is a gem of a film and must be seen, if you love sci-fi then this will certainly bring a smile to your face especially the very last scene of the film. Brilliant!!"
The only thing I can say positive about Storage 24 is that the alien monster is great. It's an old fashion rubber monster man-in-a-suit kind of thing. But in this modern age, such a cheesy effect is bound to turn more people off than to win them over. And this is without a single doubt the best part of this agonizingly bad, cheaply made grade B with a minus British made mix of sci-fi and horror. A barrage of misogyny and stupidity that follows is bound to please only least demanding of paying customers, which I hope there are few.It all starts off with the slight twinkle of promise as an unexplained alien monster is on the loose inside of a storage unit. Also on the loose is a hand full of employees and patrons who are inexplicably trapped inside the storage facility with our guest from another world.So far, so good, but that's all about to change. because in no time at all, Storage 24 becomes a terrible prime time soap with a slimy monster who seems to change size given the requirements of any given scene. Sometimes he's human size, others he seems to tower above them. And this is only the beginning of this movies faults.Storage 24 was written by actors Noel Clarke and Marc Small, along with Davie Fairbanks, it is surprising in it's lack of good roles for just about anybody. The characters are simple one dimensional, obnoxious and unlikable. All the female roles are self-center, treacheras bitches. The men, self-loathing cowards.The acting is just shy of dismal. Not one of the cast members manage to give any substance to their roles, a few of them look like they would rather be home watching telly, which you can`t blame them. Leading lady Antonio Campbell-Hughes is a new kind of low for any actor who is not a professional athlete or musician making there way intro film.Given this material, one could imagine a very funny movie from Simon Pegg, Nick Frost and Edgar Wright, but alas, it is not meant  to be. Storage 24 is ungodly stupid, uninspired and worst painfully dull. Little more than a sub par retread of many other similar movies, some better, few not. The one that Storage 24 most resembles is that great summer turkey the Watch, perhaps my least favorite movie of last year. Yes, the kind of movie we all want to see more of. Showing that it isn't just us yanks who are creatively bankrupt.There is an appalling lack of interest here and zero energy to sustain the long 87 minute running time. Director Johannes Roberts, behind the gladly unseen DTD flicks like Hellbender and Forest of the Damned, clearly has no eye for the camera. Shot in a single location, not only does that let you know it's cheap, it just looks it and feels it even more. Roberts has given us an amateur hour and a half here. You wont be able to believe such a movie is still released into American cinemas. Even going in with low expectations,  you will be astonished at how low they would have had to have been.In my original review for Movie Zone, I gave this stinker a half of a star, but amazon wont let me do that. They should allow me an exception, they don't understand the pain I went through sitting through this.read my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com"
Nowadays Creature Features are so few and far between that when one comes along, we who love them do an unabashed 'Happy Dance&#34;.  Personally, I just finished mine.  Storage 24 was a whole lot of fun with just the right amount of yucky intestines and prerequisite face-eating, translation means it's not remarkably gory.  First off, it begins plausibly enough with a  plane crash in London which messes with the electronics in the area and then goes merrily along at a steady pace.  I didn't once feel: &#34;Okay, this is dragging.&#34;, no, it kept moving and kept drawing me in.  The humans involved are all very well fleshed out character wise, and they also make you care about them. They are real people reacting to a horrific situation.  The dialogue I thought was excellent, they spoke as we do, they reacted the way you or I would, and that just adds so much to the viewing experience for me.  The creature was awesome and grabbed a good amount of face time and it's not so darkly lit that you can't see.This is a fun little movie, and now, of you're a prime member you can watch FREE.  What more can a person ask for?  Dim the lights, snuggle up against your honey and enjoy!"
The story is poor, the acting is fair, the monster is laughable, and even the broader scope of there being an alien invasion of Earth rather than this being an isolated incident is not enough to make this film interesting. Don't bother!"
I had seen a trailer for this on the IO9 sci fi blog site and it looked interesting. I have always been a fan of what used to be known as &#34;B&#34; movies both sci fi and horror and that's what I would consider this to be. Good action but rather weak character development which isn't necessarily a bad thing, I wasn't expecting Shakespeare and it was a decent enough popcorn movie. I tend to buy a lot of movies for my collection but this isn't one of them. It's worth a look the first time but I am not tempted to watch it a second time."
Charley (Noel Clarke) is being dumped by his gf Shelly (Antonia Campbell-Hughes) who has been secretly seeing his best friend Mark (Colin O'Donoghue). She is at the storage warehouse sorting out belongings along with friends Nikki (Laura Haddock) and Chris (Jamie Thomas King). To make the day worse for the emotional Charlie, a military cargo plane has crashed in London causing a power surge which has locked the place down. And oh yes, there is a 9 foot killer alien-predator on the loose in the same warehouse.This is a light weight predator/alien film. You do get to see the creature from about midpoint and the effects aren't bad. The group has to not only cope with fighting the alien, but must deal with hurt feelings as well as other people who pop into the script. Fairly decent sci-fi horror for those who have been going through withdraws since \"Prometheus\".Parental Guide: f-bomb. No real sex. Brief magazine nudity in beginning."
[Contains mild spoilers]A military cargo plane crashes in Battersea. London, and because of the power failure, a group of people is trapped inside \"Storage 24,\" including Charlie (Noel Clarke, who also co-wrote) and his ex-girlfriend Shelly (Antonia Campbell-Hughes), as well as their friends Mark (Colin O'Donoghue) and Nikki (Laura Haddock). But it seems there is someone or something in the facilities, too, that is not very friendly to them.You have heard the same story somewhere before. You have seen a young lady with a dog that keeps barking at something in the dark. You have seen some gooey substance dripping from above. Imagine what follows these scenes and that's exactly what you get in \"Storage 24,\" a B sci-fi horror film that does these things in a lazier and less impressive way than, say, \"Alien,\" almost to the point of a parody.But the film's greatest problem is neither the familiar premise nor the cheesy effects; it is those annoying characters about whom I didn't care. I honestly cheered for the poor \"intruder\" that at least didn't keep whining throughout the story.In short, \"Storage 24\" is \"Skyline\" without special effects, or \"Attack the Block\" without humor."
It was good! Clearly we've been spoiled by high budget movies,but given what they had to work with, I definitely enjoyed this one. The Alien was creepy and the director used the right amount of suspense before finally revealing it.Its construction was different and intriguing. The length of the movie was just right.I found the characters believable and the ending was good too. For a B grade movie,this was top of the line and very entertaining.Amazon has a lot of crappy movies ,but this WAS NOT ONE OF THE THEM!"
The story line is neat and alluring but the acting at certain moments is almost B level. Overall, it's a nice family movie."
This was another great DVD in the Good Witch series. I mean who doesn't love the holidays and a love story to boot. On top of this you get mystery and an adventure. This is a wonderful movie with a great story and on top of this the actors do a great job at portraying their characters. This series is one that warms the heart and reinvigorates the faith you have in people. If you have never seen this movie, you should!*I received this for review - all opinions are my own*"
Catherine Bell was a really fine actress in JAG; but here in The Good Witch series of 6 movies to date she is SUPERB.  The rest of the cast is just as great and so far each of the movies that have been made available thru Amazon has been full of family style adventures.  It is a shame that as of right now there are only three of the six movies available here at Amazon and it is with great expectations that I await the next installment of The Good Witch series.  Please cast your vote and maybe we can get Amazon to see their way towards seeking them out.  Thank you for reading and pressing forth with getting family fun filled adventures available"
2010's THE GOOD WITCH'S GIFT marks the third entry in Hallmark's fabulously whimsical series as we catch up with Middleton's most mysterious resident, Cassandra Nightingale (Catherine Bell), and her friends, the Russell family. The story opens one week before Christmas, and Cassie and her fianc&eacute;, Chief of Police Jake Russell (Chris Potter), have finally set a date for their wedding. Surprisingly, it's the methodical Jake who suggests that they get hitched on Christmas eve.Cassie, as is her wont, goes with the flow, although seven days is a seriously daunting time frame to put together a wedding. It might take a miracle. It might require... magic. Or, at the least, lots of not panicking. Can Cassie keep a cool head and mow down each obstacle that surfaces?Lessee, bad investments have reduced the town's mayor and his meddling wife into broke-arse people and compel the mayor's wife, Martha Tinsdale (Catherine Disher), to go job hunting. When she decides to become a wedding planner, guess who she targets as her first client?Chief Russell is also preoccupied with the return of an ex-con (James McGowan) whom he had arrested more than ten years ago for a bank robbery. Is he in Middleton only to see his estranged family or to exact revenge on the Chief? And what about the $100,000's worth of loot that was never recovered? It shouldn't surprise anyone when Cassie takes an interest in the ex-con. She has that generous heart.As ever, Chief Russell's kids, Lori and Brandon, have their own issues to resolve. Cassie entrusts Lori (Hannah Endicott-Douglas) with the safekeeping of her heirloom wedding ring, except that the ring promptly disappears. Brandon's (Matthew Knight) girlfriend is saddled with a bad reputation, seeing as her dad is that very same bank robber one paragraph back. And with the wedding looming ever closer, the kids' grandfather is feeling unwanted and is contemplating moving far away.The fun, as always, lies in watching Cassie Nightingale \"cast\" her spells and, in a 'round about way, come up with a solution to each dilemma. Third film into the series, we're still not convinced that Cassie really does possess magical powers. Up to this point each miracle she's concocted can be assigned to her near infallible intuition, her grasp of psychology, and her sheer common sense. Naturally, because Cassie is Cassie, she wraps it all up in cryptic remarks. She's never claimed to be a witch. Everyone just assumes it. Still, there are moments when you get the sense that a bemused Chief Russell must feel as out of sorts as Darrin Stephens did in BEWITCHED.It's a wonderful cast yet again. Catherine Bell and Chris Potter share a romantic spark, oh, maybe not immediately combustible but it's a cozy familiarity, as if they'd been going out for a while. The Good Witch series, quirky and warm and playful, still surprises me with its ability to make me feel good. I love its message of tolerance and kindness and allowing people second chances. Cassandra Nightingale embodies all these traits. Even the mayor's catty wife finally realizes this and at last gives up actively conspiring against Cassie. She immediately becomes less interesting. Sorry.I'm only surprised that the wedding doesn't take place at the Grey House.Someday all the Good Witch movies will be available on DVD, and then check out my massive cartwheels. In chronological order, the six films so far in the Good Witch series:-Good Witch, The- THE GOOD WITCH'S GARDEN- THE GOOD WITCH'S GIFT- THE GOOD WITCH'S FAMILY- THE GOOD WITCH'S CHARM- THE GOOD WITCH'S DESTINY (upcoming in 2013)"
Good family movie. Gives a silver lining to a difficult situation. It is good comedy and drama.  My family and i really enjoyed this movie."
It is a warm family movie full of surprises. Most of the actors seemed quite natural. Would like to get the other movies in the series."
I love watching The Good witch and was glad that the good witch's gift is coming to DVD.I do hope everyone would also like to watch the series would believe in magic as well."
The plot for this movie is not a trite as some of the Hallmark movies for Christmas.  I like the storyline and, of course, Kevin Sorbo is great in anything (JMO)."
Movie about an Ad man who has lost touch with the meaning of Xmas. With the help of a little Xmas magic from Santa, anyone looking at him, thinks he's Santa, but he only views himself unchanged in the mirror.  He winds up in a homeless shelter and working as a dept. store santa, and it's here he starts to learn about what is happening in the real world and the hard times people go through and finds his inner Xmas spirit and helps one very sad little girl along the way.  Good family watching for the holiday season."
When Kevin Sorbo was spotting me in the gym the other day, he wouldn't shut up about The Santa Suit, a Christmas movie he made for the Hallmark Channel some few years ago (2010). I'd just broken my collar bone recently so I figured I needed that spotter on the incline bench press, so I let dude natter on. I didn't tell him that I'd seen the movie and had thought it pretty good.While using the bow flex, he told me the plot: In The Santa Suit, Sorbo learns about compassion and charity and good will towards men. Sorbo is Drake Hunter, mercenary CEO of a toy company who, even during the season of giving, is all about the bottom line. Drake has run Hunter Toys for the past five years, since his dad passed away. And in those five years, he's habitually mistreated his staff, he's condoned horrific working conditions. He regards Santa Claus as the greatest promotional image in history. Note his impatience when his impassioned personal assistant, Marge (Rosemary Dunsmore), who's been with the toy company for thirty years, blurts out: \"Christmas is about being over the top. You sing songs you don't sing the rest of the year. You hang parasitic moss on the ceiling so you can kiss someone you love underneath it.\" Oh, it was a sad day when Christmas went corporate.Sorbo talked on while he kept the heavy bag steady (several times he asked me to take it easy; I got a wicked left hook): The premise doesn't coalesce until Drake attends a quality report meeting from the R & D Dept. There, he eyeballs the prospective mall Santas and eyeballs one in particular, him what's calling himself \"Kriss Krandall\" and bemoaning the toy company's calculating methods. What are the odds that Kriss Krandall is the real deal? And that he sets out to enchant Drake Hunter? Suddenly, Drake finds that no one recognizes him, that when others look at him, they instead see the beardy face and unsvelte figure of one of them mall Santas. Drake, whose body mass index is 20, is chagrined. It takes a while for this newreality to set in for him.Thought insane by his employees, thrown out of his own demesne, mistaken for a vagrant, he makes his way to a homeless shelter where cheery social worker Nancy Baxter (Jodie Dowdall) finds him a gig as a Santa for the Dobson's Toy Store at the mall. It's there and it's when in the company of Nancy, who adores Christmas, and that one uncommunicative little girl who keeps dropping in at Dobson's (and can't quite say what she wants for Christmas) that Drake at last stumbles onto the spirit of Christmas and so sheds his cynicism. And maybe even his weird co-worker, Sebastian the Lebanese mall elf (Darrell Faria), plays a part in Drake's transformation. Faria is the movie's darkly comic presence, an over-the-top aspiring actor who sees his mall elf more as an opportunity to indulge in Dark Elf cosplay, complete with wicked tears of blood. Except in Santa's Village, bloody tears on a Santa's helper is a big nuh-uh. Drake's parting advise to Sebastian as they go to greet the children: \"Don't make them cry or scream.\" Heh.I like The Santa Suit, not that I confessed this to Sorbo. It presents all the sappy ingredients of a holiday picture, but it's well done and well acted. Sorbo toes that line between restraint and trotting out his comic skills, of which we saw glimpses back when he was playing Hercules. The only issue I have with the film is in how Drake's spell is lifted because of something he does (and then tries to excuse because he owns the company). To me, that was a jarring moment. Maybe you'll see what I mean. Anyway, it's a funny movie with enough warmhearted bits and a nice holiday message, and I do recommend it. Maybe I should've said as much to Sorbo before we parted ways. But he wanted to get on the thigh abductor machine and I had to tell him not to be ridiculous. When I left him he was on the yoga mat trying out the Happy Baby Pose. Kevin Sorbo, you so crazy."
This is a good movie that the whole family can watch. Kevin Sorbo is really good in it. Excellent movie!!"
I love the premise of this story of a modern day Scrooge with out the Scrooge overtones and computer generated special effects. Gemma the little girl is great."
I love learning that what we were taught in school is no longer correct. So it opens up more doors to how many cultures traveled to this wonderful land. And all the different time periods."
&#8220;History is always written by the winners. When two cultures clash, the loser is obliterated, and the winner writes the history books - books which glorify their own cause and disparage the conquered foe. As Napoleon once said, 'What is history, but a fable agreed upon?&#8221;  &#8213; Dan Brown, The Da Vinci CodeHistory, as we know it, WAS written by the victors. This series inserts information between history's written lines.Do I believe everything they present as 'written in stone', to be instantly believed and taken at face value?  Nope!  But it does cause the brain cells to spark!  It gets one to thinking for themselves, not just following blindly along behind the authors of history's writings.I'd give it four stars, but this guy needs to clean up his language more than a little bit..."
I was curious what this show was about, but found it to only be mildly intriguing, and more hype than anything else."
A show that makes you think. This is one of the few shows that I watch repeatedly! Every time I watch, something seems to make better sense, or a develop a different view! Awesome, buy the season! Highest Regard"
I like the ideas presented in this show and think there is a lot of evidence to back up some of the claims.  I like that he's willing to consider far out ideas and then go look for proof and will admit that the proof is not overwhelming in some cases."
Awesome show! Not just conjecture but a real effort to find the truth. I Love this show and hope it's around to explore many more mysteries of America's past!"
This is by far my new favorite program - I love it.  I always loved history, but always had lots of questions and this program has got me reading history again. A good added bonus for my Kindle."
When I initially found this show I was very excited, finally someone with credentials that is pursuing alternative history. What a real let down. The topics are great, but the show needs some tweeking. First, find a new host, aside from his trying so hard to throw in scientific language and observation, he looks amateur. Second, anyone watching the show probably has a good understanding of geology and other sciences, we do not need all the dramatic music and spiffy techy overlays, it really cheapens it. As far as this episode, did anyone else catch at the end where the host just flip flops and sides with the MN archeologist on the bones not being from a giant? Talk about throwing Roger under the bus! Even if the bones where laid out next to one another that would not bring a 5 ft skeleton to almost 9 feet, in addition, Roger kept stating how big in circumference they were, this would not be for a small skeleton! Giants or not, this show, no matter how interesting the episode themes are, loses steam in the end as it takes a really awesome concept and cheapens it and adds a host who at best is not very scientific."
Do not waste your money or time watching this fake \"mystery-documentary\". This show is another in the recent trend of tricking people into buying a program with the enticement that they are going to see a documentary about a subject that is new or at least out of the mainstream but are instead shown 44 minutes of an unqualified host getting on planes, driving in cars, hiking and camping out, sometimes talking to supposed indigenous people and lots of talking to other unqualified \"experts\" about how mainstream (translation: real experts) don't agree with what they say in the script. It's obvious that the host and his gaggle of fake experts don't believe a word of the gibberish they spout. This program's host is one of the poorest actors. None of the hosts of these fraudulent \"mystery-documentaries\" do a very good job of convincing you that they actually believe the nonsense they recite from the script. This program's host is utterly unconvincing, obviously unqualified and unacceptably foul-mouthed. He obviously thinks he's being edgy when he cusses which kills any likability. This series was conceived by a gang of unscrupulous people who wanted to get in on the 'Ancient Aliens' misrepresentation bonanza. And no, it's not \"good fun\". It is not funny that people are making and selling these fabricated \"mystery-documentaries\"."
good show very interesting I would recommend watching it history is both interesting and important so give this a shot"
LIKE THE SHOW, GOOD TO SEE SOME HISTORY ABOUT OUR COUNTRY!! I LIKE THE HOST, HE'S NO MORE SELF ABSORBED THAN ANY OTHER TV / REALITY SHOW/ GAME SHOW HOST ETC. THAT'S WHAT THEY CALL HOLLYWOOD, I THINK HE DOES A GOOD JOB!!! KEEP IT UP, HOPE HE GETS A NEW SEASON, AT LEAST IT'S NOT ANOTHER HOUSEWIFE SHOW!!!!"
Tim really is a jerk.  When you have someone as great as Clate, you find a way to keep him.  The project probably cost one million dollars.  And they ended up with $17,000.  That is a huge failure, they lost more than 98% of their money.  They totally tore up everything, like the hill they washed away and the jungle they made a road through.  And for what?  For less than a pound of gold?  The real gold is the TV royalties!  If you're going to contrive a show, at least do it well."
Good show so far.We are on episode 6.Wondering how they think sometimes though.There are alot of common sense things they just don't do or think of."
I hope, if there is a season 2, it is better than the first.  Don't get me wrong.  This show is kind of cool, but not unique.  The characters?  I'm not a huge fan of these guys.  They work harder than I could, but I just didn't feel the connection with them.  Tim, the boss, is not the most likable guy.  Anyway, the show is worth watching for the first few episodes, but not a whole lot progresses.  You will get the idea of the struggles and failures and successes they encounter.  Then skip to the 3rd to last episode where something actually happens.  Then skip to the last episode for the final result.  You will save a lot of time by doing it.  And, if they have a season 2, you will know whether or not you'd be interested in seeing it.  I would.  I think they could come back be get more gold next time around.  I hope.  I'd hate to watch another season where all they do is struggle and fail."
After watching several of these gold-hunter shows, I've come to thank God repeatedly that I don't work for some stupid jerk boss (like the jackass in this show) who thinks its ok to run people into the ground, endanger their lives, violate safety practices at every turn, (OSHA/MSHA would have a field day if this happened in the US!!!)  and flat out doesn't care if they live or die.  I pray these workers find suitable employment elsewhere."
This is another gold mining reality tv show. It gets three stars because its slightly better than most reality shows these days. Not great. But maybe a cut above. Its *less* fake than many other shows.A construction outfit from Alabama goes down to Guyana in South America to strike it rich gold mining. The people come across as mostly competent and authentic. And seeing what happens when they get put in a totally different situation from their normal work is mildly interesting. They also did mostly what they said they were going to do. There was the usual \"drama\" and maybe it seemed better just by comparision to other reality shows these days.The lesson at the end, as with all of these shows, is that gold mining is never easy and there isn't much money to be made by small-time operations. But all the same, it was good to see these people try to do something rather than sit around."
I have to admire the guts and Moxie of these guys but if I had to spell \"Bama Gold Miners\" in one word it would be ignorant. Ignorant is not the same as stupid. Ignorant means lacking knowledge or education and the way these boys got into this adventure sure shows it. It doesn't appear that they had a clear plan of action or a sense of team structure.  Many of their decisions turned out to be just plain unworkable and the lack of repair parts and tools indicates a lack of planning.  Also, walking barefoot through the jungle with a large cut on the bottom of the foot just shows a lack of common sense. Although this show is obviously contrived and puts me in a place where I can't suspend disbelief I still found it interesting. Along with the miners and the film crew there obviously was a large support crew to help them out.  I can't understand how they could build all of the buildings they had on site without a large crew of carpenters to build the buildings, boardwalks, etc. and electricians to wire up and electrify the camp. Although each of the guys only made about $2,000, I hope the pay from the producers added to the gold value was enough to get them by. Since there is a Season Two it appears that things went well enough to induce the team to try again. I hope they are successful because they are now less ignorant due to the knowledge they have gained based on their experiences in Season One."
Not sure what other topic could possibly be turned into a reality show.....This ones pretty ridiculous. I have to admit it becomes entertaining, even with the ridiculously OVER dramatization by the narrator/VoiceOver dude...What annoys me is the fact that the well being of the Amazon is completely disregarded by the greed of gold by way of a lazy, fat Alabama man.100+ year old Trees are bulldozed by the dozen, the ground is excavated and left in shambles and the incredibly eroding, polluting envirmentally polluting cost of mining is never addressed.  I hope the producers of this ridiculous show had to pay millions to the locals who will be left with the clean up of the un repairable mess this fools leave behind in the name of entertainment"
The bottom subtitles blend in so much with the image on the screen, they are impossible to read. Disappointing. I couldn't watch it. But the art looked great for the five minutes I watched. The subtitles need a solid background to you can read them (and quickly)."
It reminds me so much of the game &#34;Machinarium&#34; and the other games that Amanita Studios did. Quite beautiful.As to the story, it is somewhat interesting, and, yes, &#34;Ghost in the Shell&#34; does come to mind among other films that explore this field of possibility. However, this film is a bit of a lightweight in the deep-thought department. A nice one to put in a roster of introductory films to technological-based enlightenment and the like, for example.A caveat, though, this one is pretty grown up, so maybe hold off on showing it to your young ones."
Do you have any more movies like this one? I was instantly captivated by the graphics. Every scene throughout the movie was magnificent! I adore this movie!! I want to see more, more, more of these! Thank you for a wonderful time!"
A very solid offering from a slightly freer Russia than the Russia I grew up with twenty years ago and before.  This is the story of a young woman who seeks to improve herself with a cheap gimmick that causes all kinds of problems.  Suddenly the government and the police are after her, and suddenly she can do things that she wasn't aware she could do.Part Matrix, part Brainstorm, but all Russian, this very innovative animated film has a very sleek look and finish to it.  Production design, character design, action sequences, and even the dialogue are all top notch, and what's even more is that even though it is a Russian product we don't get the usual dour dismal fatalistic and pessimistic outlook on life that permeates classic Russian literature, film and story telling.  This is a vibrant, gritty, and dynamic production with, dare I say it, an optimistic outlook for the characters and story.A total turnaround from previous films I've seen from what used to be the Soviet Union.  If you're an avid sci-fi fan, then do yourself a favor and give this film a chance.  You won't be sorry.Enjoy."
I do not think that the movie is sexist, but time to time it is very sexualized. The plot and symbols can be very complex, so if someone thought there is a hole in the plot, they should be more specific because their probably is not a hole. This movie is full of holes on purpose. Connect the holes and you will find the living drug machine in you. Not for children! Great movie!"
an immediate caveat - i'm an absolute junkie for the horror-comedy genre, and have found very few films in this category unsatisfying.  anyone familiar with the genre knows most of the films are not exactly A-level quality, and usually feature lesser (if at all) known cast, lower budget special effects, and the like.  This film is no different, but its surprisingly well done.  again, many films in the category feature at least one really bad element (like a horrible actor, some awkward dialogue, etc.).  none of that is here; the story concept is actually cute (a zombie blood-carrying mosquito bites a non-zombie), the acting is solid, and the production values are quite high.  run to buy this movie."
This movie is a simple zombedy flick that is fun, but you can't take it seriously.  It does feature actress from 'being human' and one from 'primeval new world' as well. They both do a good job as you would expect. The male leads are newbies and they are good as well. Steven Hchattie , the old pro actor  is in this and he plays a angry zombie hunter who is completely out of his gourd.  This is not a real zombie flick of course , but a zombedy , in which a man is bitten by a zombie misquito , and he becomes a brain loving zombie. Like all zombedies the violence is bad but done in a tongue in cheek way. Shotgun blasts leave nice round holes etc in heads and such. The movie is silly , and does feature nudity and a swollen brain like penis shot. But the main focus here is on comedy and it is mildly funny for sure.  The action is mainly taking place at a nice retreat cottage , and that's ok for a low budgeter like this one. However this is NOT a c movie , which are made by non pros with no experience, this is a professional film done by veterans on a low budget. The effects are good in this flick as well. This is similar to many other silly horror comedies , in which the monster is sympathetic and people around him , still try to treat him like the man he was. It looks better in hd and there is a blu ray of this out there."
\"A Little Bit Zombie\" is what happens when fans of a movie make a movie.  Look, we all love \"Evil Dead\" - or to be precise, we all really love \"Evil Dead II\" because anyone who watches the first installment and expects the hilarious humor of the sequel is in for the shock of their lives - but there's a fine line between an homage and a lame copy.  Unfortunately \"A Little Bit Zombie\" is a little bit in the latter category.The plot, such as it is, centers on HR manager Steve (Kristopher Turner) who is marrying salon stylist and high maintenance fianc&eacute;e Tina (Crystal Lowe).  There's just one problem: Steve's sister and maid of honor Sarah (Kristen Hager) hates Tina, and it's easy to see why.  Fortunately, Steve's best friend Craig (Shawn Roberts) is also Sarah's husband and is there to provide moral support. Things take a turn for the hilarious when Steve is bitten by a zombie mosquito and slowly begins to turn into a cannibalistic brain-eater.  Hunted by a magic orb-wielding hottie Penelope (Emilie Ullerup) and crotchety shotgun-wielding Max (Stephen McHattie), it seems our fun foursome are about to experience a very bad weekend in the woods.The cast is a problem. Turner is passable as a normal guy just trying doing his best to avoid nibbling on his friends' brains, but Lowe is pretty bad in a role that requires her to carry much of the humor.  Her inability to keep up with Hager of \"Being Human\" fame is apparent - the roles could easily have been reversed, as there's more chemistry between Hager and Turner than there is between Turner and Lowe.  Ew.The zombie hunters aren't much better. McHattie plays Max as a psychopath who will blow anything up at a moment's notice, which is probably supposed to be funnier than it is.  For a great example of McHattie's talent put to good use against zombies, see \"Pontypool.\" Blonde bombshell Ullerup speaks her lines with her usual wide-eyed wooden acting - if you've seen her turn as Ashley Magnus in \"Sanctuary,\" you know what to expect here.Fortunately, \"A Little Bit Zombie\" doesn't take itself too seriously.  Yes, the homages to \"Evil Dead\" are over the top, from the shed scene to the chuckle-worthy evil-point-of-view-cam, but the film's heart is in the right place even if it the script doesn't hit most of the comedy beats. The ending is appropriately off-key and at least ironic enough to make it worth sticking with the film.\"A Little Bit Zombie\" isn't very gory, isn't very funny, and isn't very good - but then it isn't trying to be.  It's just a little bit of all three that makes it a passable entry in the zombie humor genre."
Loved a lot about this little low budget horror film, but I wish it had had a little more of an ending. It gives you hope the lead character might be cured of his condition, but then it kind of falls flat at that point. Shawn Roberts was a hoot. This is definitely not a politically correct horror movie, by the way."
A Little Bit Zombie (Casey Walker, 2012)Okay, I admit it: I'm a sucker for stupid zombedies. You make a silly movie and you put some corporeal undead in it, and baby, I am there, with bells on. And I'm not going to tell you that A Little Bit Zombie is the best of its breed, but if you're looking for a zombedy and you've seem all the classics one too many times, dialing this one up will not disappoint you in the least.Veteran TV director Walker's first theatrical feature gives us soon-to-be-married couple Steve (Without a Paddle: Nature's Calling's Kristopher Turner) and Tina (Insomnia's Crystal Lowe), who have rounded up their wedding party and dragged them to a remote cabin so obsessive Tina can put everyone through their paces. Problem is, there's a zombie outbreak in the area. Professional zombie hunters Max (The Dark's Stephen McHattie) and Penelope (jPod's Emilie Ullerup) think they've got it contained, but a mosquito bit one of the zombies just before it got dispatched, and when it subsequently bites Steve, he starts feeling a bit peaked, looking worse, and developing a craving for brains (which, conveniently, can be fed by local grocer Cap'n Cletus [X-Men's George Buza], who happens to be a cerebrum gourmand himself). When Max finds out about Steve's \"condition\", he's all for dispatching the groom-to-be with a shotgun to the skull, while research student Penelope believes Steve could be the means to cure the zombie plague once and for all.It's predictable, it's dumb, and it's funny. If you're a fan of the zombedy, this is going to be a hit; if you're not, you can safely pass on it without feeling like you're missing much, but some surprisingly good acting (Buza's scenes are comedy gold, every one of them), solid comic timing on everyone's parts, and the always-welcome presence of Stephen McHattie, who's just started getting noticed as the fearsome talent he is in the past five years or so, make this one worth your time. ***"
Max (Stephen McHattie) and Penelope (TV star Emilie Ullerup) are zombie hunters. They use a directional orb which detects the presence of the undead. Meanwhile two couples are spending a pre-wedding vacation in a cabin. Steve (Kristopher Turner) is an HR rep, a nice guy with a touch of geek. He is going to marry Tina, (Crystal Lowe) a character which reminded me of a flaky Samantha Bee from \"The Daily Show.\" Steve's sister Sarah (Kristen Hager) is going to be the matron of honor. The two women do not get along. Sarah's husband Craig (Shawn Roberts), a down to earth guy, rounds out the foursome.If you look at the cover and read the title you can surmise Steve becomes a zombie, but not a complete zombie. He is a \"resistive host\" but still craves human brains.The film is more of a comedy with a zombie background. George Buza played his minor role well. The film was fun to watch as the two couples attempt to get along when Steve becomes an issue. \"Family takes care of family.\"Parental Guide: F-bomb. C-word. No sex or nudity. Adult talk. Cat fight."
Watch this with tissues.  This had everything.  Fun, tears, heartfelt moments, and a new understanding of how life can take a turn and end up out of your control.  Enjoyed this very much and would highly recommend."
The movie was very well produced and directed.  It was taken from true events.  The movie held my interest from beginning to end. There were moments in the movie that I found disturbing and very thought provoking, however, as a whole, I really enjoyed this movie tremendously.  Tatum O'Neil gave an outstanding performance.  I do recommend this movie and gave it a 5 star rating."
A heartfelt movie that will bring joy to your heart and sadness at the same time. A must see family movie!"
All one need look at is the prevalence of Oprah Winfrey evolving into her own network (OWN, indeed!) to realize that women&#8217;s issue matter in the burgeoning world of pop culture.  And I say that as a man!  Women have their own unique struggles, they have their own unique baggage, much of which gets passed down from generation to generation.  They cross that threshold from childhood to adulthood.  They bear children.  They send their boys and girls off to fight wars.  They experience their own hateful form of peer pressure from girl-to-girl that probably gives them nightmares on up in through menopause.Despite the fact that commercial advertising has told you that you&#8217;ve come a long way, baby, maybe we as a society haven&#8217;t gone far enough?  That&#8217;s some of what&#8217;s in the heart of SAVING GRACE B. JONES, a period piece tearjerker brought to you by living legend, Connie Stevens.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the type of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)For nearly 20 years, Grace (played by the incomparable Tatum O&#8217;Neal) has resided in the care of a state asylum for the insane.  Her brother, Landy (the reliable Michael Biehn), finally secures her release, and he&#8217;s bound and determined to bring her home to live with his wife, Bea (Penelope Ann Miller) and child.  However, secrets never die in Small Town America, and while the townfolks are more involved with stopping the mounting flood waters Grace won&#8217;t hold back her own dire emotions in this tale laced with jilted love and misplaced affection.The good?  I love seeing Michael Biehn in practically anything, and his turn as the small-town baker here is pretty solid.  (Granted, he&#8217;ll never quite look the part, but he does what he&#8217;s paid to do!)  Also, I could sit and watch Penelope Ann Miller read the label of a mayonnaise jar because I&#8217;m that interested in watching her work.  Lastly, there&#8217;s a great roundtable of young actresses in this that are clearly destined to have some very good careers.  Writer/director Connie Stevens has put together a winning ensemble around Tatum O&#8217;Neal that looks and sounds pretty spiffy.The bad?  Well, it just wasn&#8217;t all that interesting.  Maybe that says more about me as a viewer and a critic than it does the film, but, for all of the posturing, whining, and moaning in this Peyton Place kinda/sorta wannabe, I just didn&#8217;t feel all that motivated.  Inspired.  Or interested.Now, that may speak to Connie Stevens&#8217; weaknesses as a storyteller.  In a career that spanning nearly seven decades (you read that right), she&#8217;s best known as a luscious blonde with terrific comic timing.  FYI: this is only her second screenplay, and it&#8217;s based on a true story.  I tend to think that something was lost in the adaptation process that maybe a more learned, more experienced scriptwriter could&#8217;ve positively affected &#8211; namely, emotional journeys that resonate for all of the characters and not so few.  Of course, I&#8217;m not questioning the relevance of the subject matter, as even today societies around the world continue to struggle with how to confront mental illness.  By this film&#8217;s tragic conclusion, I thought I was losing my mind trying to keep it all together.As much as I wanted to enjoy GRACE, in the end I thought it was a bit of a narrative mess, not unlike Grace&#8217;s own fragile mind.  Not enough of it made perfect sense, but I couldn&#8217;t force myself to look away, even when I tried.  Exceptional performances across the board just weren&#8217;t enough to make this world come alive the way it should.SAVING GRACE B. JONES (2009) is produced by Shane Productions.  DVD distribution is being handled by Arc Entertainment.  As for the technical specifications?  This is one smartly shot period drama (1940&#8217;s/1950&#8217;s), and it works very well from start to finish though there was one sequence wherein it was blatantly obvious actor Scott Wilson&#8217;s dialogue was dubbed in post-production.  Lastly, I&#8217;d be remiss in my duties if I failed to point out that the film and actresses were highly decorated as part of the 2012 New York City International Film Festival, and the feature won &#8216;Best Dramatic Feature&#8217; at the 2011 Los Angeles Women&#8217;s International Film Festival.  Kudos to all involved.  Unfortunately, the disc offers no special features to speak of.INTERESTING but it&#8217;s honestly still HARD TO RECOMMEND.  At 116 minutes, SAVING GRACE B. JONES is just too darn long.  It&#8217;s clear to see why this is a favorite of critics &#8211; it indicts small-town America for something the entire world has difficulty with, and that&#8217;s recognizing not only how to deal with deep-rooted psychological problems but also how to deal with them &#8211; and critics love to see America brought to its knees.  At best, JONES is the kind of film that might be worthy of film club study; otherwise, it&#8217;s pretty easy to see why this one took so long to find a distributor to the masses at large.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at Arc Entertainment provided me with a DVD copy of SAVING GRACE B. JONES by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review; and their contribution to me in no way, shape, or form influenced my opinion of it."
At first I thought this was going to be a Lifetime/Hallmark channel type of movie but it surprised me by actually having decent acting and a good storyline. Having a mentally ill family member back in the 50's could not have been easy since there were not many options for treatment other than institutions. This family has to deal with a mentally unstable woman who disrupts the life's of everyone who comes into contact with her. It is supposedly base on a true story but I'm sure it was embellished quite a bit. Still a good movie."
This was an unknown film to me but I watched based on the only other reviewer.  Don't miss this heart-wrenching movie.  Tatum O'Neal is phenomenal in this part.  The whole cast is sensational.  I'm in awe of this film and those who made it, namely Connie Stevens who is the narrator and the small girl in the film.  Don't miss watching this, I just can't believe how magnificent it was from beginning to end.  Again, Tatum delivered an Oscar-worthy performance - just, well remarkable."
Wow .... a gripping and interesting Movie all the way to the end. and watch out for the surprise ending. didn't see that coming !ok not the usual guy movie but I got into it lol so watch it with your significant other ..."
I remember her when she was a blond Hollywood starlet.  And at age 74, she decides to go into directing, and what a powerful first film!  It's one of those movies that keeps you on the edge of your seat, with so much happening in a small Missouri town one summer and a crazy woman dropped into the midst of it.  Tatum O'Neal is astounding as the mentally ill Grace who's brought home from a mental asylum after 17 years by her loyal brother Landy to live with his family because he doesn't believe she should be locked up.  But within a very short time, with the best of intentions, she wreaks havoc on his family and the town.  The wild fox Landy tries to protect who lives behind his bakery provides a nifty metaphor for Grace's life. You can't help but feel tremendous sympathy and sadness for Grace despite all she's done.Back in the 50s, there were no effective treatments for mental illness except incarceration.  I remember as a child visiting my uncle, who was a carpenter at a mental asylum, and seeing and hearing the inmates yelling and screaming from behind bars as we drove up.  It was brutal, but that's what happened to you if you couldn't handle life.  Inevitably, being institutionalized like a common felon added to whatever mental issues you started out with."
I loved this movie.  It deals with family love and loss, mental illness and those that are affected by it in loving someone ill.  I cried for Grace, for Landy and for Bea throughout the entire movie.  Very dark and may be too disturbing for some."
My wife and I found this movie to be quite boring.  It seemed like it would never end."
Apparently this movie is based on a true story. It is a depressing story and one that in my opinion,did not need to be told."
PLOT SPOILER REVIEW.This is based on a true story: Connie Stevens once read a Steinbeck novel. The beginning of the film introduces Carrie, a 10 year old girl (Rylee Fansler) whose function is to supply some needless narration. She is not a major character in the film and I kept wondering how she was going to fit into the scope of things with Grace (Tatum O'Neal).Landy (Michael Biehn) has the patience of a saint as he takes in Carrie and decides now would be a good time to get his &#34;crazy&#34; sister to come home against the wishes of the asylum. Grace causes issues, not unlike a Steinbeck novel we all know and love. The film introduces religion into the film which didn't seem to have a point, as did the film itself.The film was long and slow. It was like watching the rain come down...which we did. The adult performances were spectacular. Michael Biehn was  unrecognizable from his normal &#34;B' acting role. Tatum was Oscar worthy consideration. The girls left something to be desired. Too bad Dakota Fanning had to grow up.Overall, this was a tiresome film by Connie Stevens, who I enjoy more in front of the camera than behind.No F-bombs or nudity. Brief sex/love scene."
compelling story, stellar cast. tatum's performance was perfect! a superbly acted hometown drama. kudos to michael & penelope, too. simply riveting!"
These two performers continue to turn out crisp, fast-paced witty episodes. I only wish Network TV was of such quality, oh well. Love these two nuts and their take on Portland culture, makes me want to visit Portland and Slabtown, where I used to work."
Talentless and bland, just like Portland itself. Constantly trying to hook onto some form of kitsch or pop-culture to make itself relevant and consistently failing to do so. If you watch this program while actually thinking, you begin to come to the conclusion that the earth is very much overpopulated and the cultivation of the excess should immediately start with C and D list celebs so they do not further detract from humanity as a whole with pablum such as this."
Having lived in Portsmouth, NH (essentially a smaller Portland, OR), this show has always had a special place in my heart, because I can so readily recognize the characters and stereotypes that are spoofed on. I keep thinking that Fred and Carries must be about to run out ideas soon, but fortunately, I've been wrong! Season Three is just as hilarious as the first two seasons, perhaps even more so. The first episode, where Fred goes \"pasta crazy\" is one of the funniest things I've ever seen in my life. They also take on things that should be mundane, but by spoofing on how ridiculous the concepts actually are (like splitting a birthday dinner bill among a large group of acquaintances), they turn it into something unique and hilarious. I loved the reappearance of many of the shows' regular characters, such as the mayor (who tosses a laser printer into the river to prove that he's environmentally friendly, is ostracized by the community, and then ends up living with a bunch of goats- and no, I don't consider that a spoiler, because it's just so ridiculous). Filmed in 20 minutes bursts of skit-loving madness, these episodes fly right by, and each of is a great pleasure to watch. Thank you, Fred and Carrie!"
Portlandia runs hot and cold, as does most contemporary sketch comedy. As I have remarked in reviews of the previous seasons, the fundamental problem with the show is the same problem with contemporary comedy: the emphasis is on the situation rather than the joke. Fifty years ago, humor revolved around set-up and punch line. In the 21st Century, it's all set-up. The situation itself is supposed to be funny. That leads to performers tending to not hone elements of timing, and to writers not showing productive originality. Everyone just plays out the same characters and situations over and over again, figuring that if it's funny, more will translate to &#34;more funny.&#34; Unfortunately, it usually doesn't. The program does score some delicious comedic victories when it becomes less Portland-specific and when the humor becomes verbal rather than vaguely situation. Unfortunately, those moments are somewhat few and far between. However, there are enough to keep one's interest and, living in Portland, I do enjoy recognizing local landmarks in high quality cinematography. It's not as good -- or as cool -- as it thinks it is, however. I'll admit, though, that it has gotten better with age."
As we're already into Season Three of the IFC hit series \"Portlandia,\" I'll just let you know what comes with the DVD release before I speak about the show itself.  Most likely, you are already familiar with the idea behind the Carrie Brownstein and Fred Armisen sketch show, so this will save you some time if you are only interested in whether or not the DVD/Blu-ray are worth the investment.The two disc set features the ten regular episodes of Season Three plus the Winter Special that aired a few weeks before the season began properly on IFC.  In essence, therefore, there are eleven self-contained shows for approximately 4 hours of programming in total.Included on DVD/Blu-ray:Winter Special: Winter in PortlandiaRegular episodes: (1) Take Back MTV, (2) Missionaries, (3) Nina's Birthday, (4) Squiggleman, (5) Off the Grid, (6) The Temp, (7) Soft Opening, (8) Alexandra, (9) No-Fo-O-Fo-Bridge and (10) BlackoutBonus Features: 2 Deleted Scenes and tours of Portland with recurring guest star and comedian Kumail Nanjiani.\"Portlandia,\" first and foremost, starts with a fantastic idea. Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein have created a comedy that speaks to a very specific portion of the population. In a perfect recreation of indie hipster angst, the show skewers a world in which people are consumed by political correctness. The beauty of \"Portlandia\" is that it both embraces the self-importance, superiority, and silliness of this extreme sect while poking gentle fun with it. It really is spot-on in showcasing this dichotomy and Portland stands as an ideal muse for illustrating this too cool for school mentality. The self-aware characters (Armisen and Browstein play a stable of recurring bits) are so proper, in fact, they are often undone by trying to be idealized models of this elevated consciousness. It's an inspired idea!  And when it works, it hits very real highs. People relate to the show because they are or know people exactly like the ones represented.  After three seasons, I've found much of \"Portlandia\" hilarious.  Truthfully, though, not every bit works and/or some carry on a beat too long for my personal taste.The show, itself, has always attracted a fair share of interesting guest stars.  Among those with recurring roles, Kyle MacLachlan still slays me as the mayor while Jeff Goldblum and Kumail Nanjiani reprise their earlier appearances.  A big addition for Season Three, Oscar nominee Chloe Sevigny pops up as a new roommate for Fred and Carrie.  Just what they needed!  In addition, the season boasts cameos by Juliette Lewis, Patton Oswalt, No Doubt, Martina Navratilova, George Wendt, Rose Byrne, Matt Lucas, Jim Gaffigan, and Roseanne Barr among other familiar faces.  Part of the appeal, for me, is to see who might pop up and you know everyone is just having a grand old time hanging out.  Just like the spirit of Portland.  Here's the deal, though.  If you liked the earlier seasons, this is more to enjoy.  If the show doesn't speak to you, nothing here will change your mind.  I was more than happy to spend another season with the eccentrics of \"Portlandia.\"  KGHarris, 7/13."
This show is always funny! You should always watch it, especially if you know lots of annoying hipster people, or used to be one. People that live in trendy areas and won't stop it with the pop culture, following trends, watching, reading, listening to, and discussing every freaking thing until you think your brain will explode, and then you'll kill them, and end up on DATELINE: A special report.What? Just kidding! Maybe you'll just become a writer and write an ironic fiction book about it, which all the hipsters will discuss, and read, and blog about it. Which is so annoying. Which is what this show makes fun of. But it's not cool to make fun of people, because that's not very PC. But that's another episode of this show."
I love Portlandia because it spoofs many of the folks in my social set......including me.  I get to laugh at myself since I have live near UC Davis and yep we have everything from almond milk to rice milk.  I am a \"gotta get the gear\" person.  I have environmental guilt.  The relationship issues are something I experience with my friends.  But I still love the life style.  This is soap opera and sketch comedy at its best."
Its pretty good but not the best Standup I've seen. I think it could stand to be less nostalgic about itself, comes off somewhat pretentitous. The club owner's need to introduce herself into every act is tiring as well. Lady if you want to do standup, get on the stage. Leave the comics alone to do thier thing."
I really enjoyed watching these episodes. Comedians stopping by and saying &#34;wow this is what happened to me and guess what I it kind of funny because I look at everything as being a little humorous."
I viewed this because of Alec Mapa being on the bill. He is amazingly funny. Andy Dick's set was unflinchingly and painfully revealing, which really is the appeal of this unvarnished, truly improvisational club. We learn a lot about some of our favorite funny folks as they fly without a net, making funny as they go along with whatever comes into their brains. Some are successful, some are not. This is one form of comedy--out of the internal, psychic pain of the human condition, many find comfort and solace in being on stage and &#34;kvetching.&#34; As I say, sometimes it is funny, sometimes you have to cry at the pain the individual is revealing so publicly. I know Beth Lapides is the host, but she injects herself, way too much during sets for my taste. It's like, introduce the talent, chat with them off camera, but don't inject yourself into their set in such a gratuitous manner--yuck!"
Sometimes comedy smorgasboards are uneven, or worse than that, uniformly bad. I'm happy to say that these short vignettes from these comedians are exactly the opposite, at least for the two sessions I've watched. Give it a try! :)"
This was not funny at all. It is just an excuse for people to cus for no reason and pretend there is a legitimate reason for it."
As a long time scrooge mcduck fan, I loved this series.  There is much to recommend this series to adults who will see many clever references to news items and famous people that the younger set will not get."
I'm having fun watching this with my kids.  A bit more mean spirited than I remember, but that goes to show how selective memory can be.  Hope more seasons are added."
Its a show the whole family can enjoy, I certainly enjoyed watching it with my wife and three year old daughter."
I liked watching it growing up and now I am enjoying it with my kids.  I hope amazon will continue to add more older Disney cartoons to their library."
It reminds me a bit of scooby-doo where theres a mystery and the &#34;meddling&#34; kids get involved and solve the problem. Good message and funny."
I loved finding this and several other little gems that take me strait back to after school, and siting too close to the TV. Well it's just as much fun now maybe more."
I remember my daughters watching this when they were little and now my granddaughter loves to watch Ducktales.  She enjoys watching as she says the 'Duck', she is 2 and half."
What a tease, only season 1?  My kids are hooked, now we're watching rescue rangers! Love all the old Disney shows, so much better than the new format of &#34;learning&#34; shows."
This is an okay show--my 4-year-old and 7-year-old enjoy most of the stories (though there have been complaints that one or two are too scary--they still watch them all of course).  The only reason I don't give it a higher rating is that there is very little of educational value here, and the animation is, frankly, cheap.  It will keep them busy but there's better things to watch if you can find them."
The lesser scene involved a man who beat up another man supposedly because the second man did wrong by his brother.  If I understand the scenario correctly, one man was East Asian and the other Pacific Islander.  Politically, the groups are lumped together as \"API.\"  However, this may be an actual sign of interethnic tensions.  The Asian guy has a white girlfriend and luckily the interracial coupling is never presented as problematic.Now onto the zebra.  It's not everyday that one sees a zebra in the US outside of a zoo.  This does show the wide vareity of issues a cop must address, but this was not a crime.  As I watched it, I kept saying, \"I hope the zebra's owner has to pay for all this.\"  There are rules about owning wild animals and I don't think the taxpayers should have to shoulder that bill.  Later, they get the zebra inside a horse buggie, but the buggie already has a \"typical\" horse in it.  None of the cops mention it, but I was thinking, \"If the zebra and horse are of the opposite sex, one of them could give birth to a zorse or a hebra after this setup!\"  The zebra jumped into a pool at one point and the chlorine didn't seem to upset it, by the way."
Right now I am counting on Amazon for quality VOD programs.  I am will to pay a fair price for a show that has value and from which I learn a lot such as \"The Americans\". But instead of enjoying my show, I have to deal Fox's lousy commercials.  \"The Americans\"  gets interrupted with \"Justified\", \"Archer\", and \"Bran X\" ads, and I could not think of more annoying adverts than those.  I gave \"Justified\" a chance by buying season 1, but it did not stick.  I also gave \"Brand X\" a try by watching one episode at Fox's site, but I just don't like to show. Finally, Archer is just horrible and stupid and the ads make it worse.  Please Fox, just make good shows and people will pay.  Stop wasting our time and attacking our senses with your profusely loud and annoying ads."
It's clean fun and a lot of tough lessons to learn from others. It also helps appreciate police officers and those that risk their lives to keep us safe. I love cops!"
I've been a fan of COPS since its inception in 1989. Incredibly long-run of really excellent insights into the job of law enforcement and what the LEO's have to deal with each shift. I have found no more compelling program than COPS!  25 Seasons!It has been an excellent vessel for transmitting information from LEO to the common joe about what goes on in the night as we sleep. Or during the day for that matter. Crime is a serious problem in most of the USA and these are the men and women who routinely risk their life and limb to protect the rest of us.I find the police take downs the best part of COPS. I wish they were more aggressive in their presentation, but I understand that they developed a winning formula that often avoids the overly hard realities of police work.  This is sad because I spent six years working closely with city and state officers. I have a first hand perspective on crime and criminals, and neither is pretty.And it's hilarious that people 1 STAR this program because they are offended by the presence of commercials. No, you are not paying a premium price so you don't have to see commercials, you are paying a nominal fee to have access because you cannot afford cable. Some state that greed is bad, yet they are the ones wanting everything for free. LOL! The welfare state of our nation continues on, unabated."
there are some pretty good episodes in this season, but the only thing is it is the same exact one's they show on cable, I hate that I spend money on this, its season 25 and they only have like seasons 19-25, what the hell happened to the first 18 seasons then??? that's ridiculous seriouslyevery week I remember one of my new or old favorite tv shows that I want to watch so I come onto amazon to buy the season....after this bull though, im done, not going to be buying anything from amazon streaming anymore now.amazon wants to be so stupid and cheap to have seasons 19-25 but not the first 18, that's what happens when your cheap!! people leave and take their money with them"
A great show with excellent acting on Olyphants&#8217; part and a deep convincing story which makes you chose sides. I am looking forward to the rest of this season."
Always can count on Timothy Olyphant for a great performance. The bad guys are good bad guys. The turns and twists really set you up for edge of your seat excitement."
Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!."
Brings respect and honor back to the \"cops & robbers\" tango. Their is a mutual respect between the Marshall and the crime syndicate. A possible movie should happen."
Can't believe it took me so long to watch Justified. I watched all the seasons back to back because I couldn't stop. It's addictive!"
Consistently, one of the best dramas on TV-well acted, with plot lines that are more realistic than many might believe. Highly recommend."
Constantly exploring the fading line between right and wrong  the good guys and bad guys hash it out with guns knives bottles fists and acerbic wit. The dialogue in this show is to die for, for the characters often literally."
Easy to get addicted to watching this program.  Great acting.  Since I'm unfamiliar with  the way of life in Kentucky, I can't draw any conclusions as to how realistic this program is - - except that in the first program, a US Marshall makes an offer that the crook simply cannot refuse.  Its nice to see the good guys prevail in a conflict every now and then, even if the 'good guy' gets into a boat load of trouble as a consequence."
Every season is fun to watch and has a different twist.  The characters are interesting and all seem to have their niche.  Can't wait for the next season."
Excellent season.  Love that Raylan and Boyd have separate story lines right now.  Can't wait to see them back together also.  Like that there's not just one bad guy this season."
Great entertainment, interesting characters. I very much look forward to each episode. There could be more writing and production like this"
Great one-liners...Lots of Action...Crazy Characters...Plots that pull you in...This series will make you wish for 90 min episodes. and a full length movie..."
Great script, wonderfully slow, wry, witty dialogue. Rough but elegant understatment against a bluegrass background. The theme song says it all:&#34;Gangstagrass.&#34; Is Raylan a good guy or a bad guy with a badge? Good question. But either way, dang, he don't walk, he ebbs and flows. One of my favorite shows. Thought we lost him when Deadwood shut down. Was so happy to see Timpthy Olyphant front and center on this show. The show must have been made for him his part fits him so well."
Great show!  The characters seemed to mature this season.  Gripping drama, never disappointed as the story unfolds.  After watching the first 3 seasons on Amazon Prime, I bought this season to watch on a house sitting vacation - started Saturday morning - from episode to the next - awesome!"
Great writing, acting, direction.  It's tremendous fun to watch.One of my friends was stuck at home after an operation and binge watched all the seasons.  He said it was &#34;The Sopranos with hill-billy accents!&#34;Watch this!What more can I say?"
I absolutely love this show.  Most of the movies and new shows have these SISSY actors like Leonardo Decaprio, Brad Pitt or some other wussies. The main character in this reminds me of some old school John Wayne, Clint Eastwood style gunslinger. My favorite show on TV now."
If you have ever lived in well many clanish area's of the USA you can see these characters must be based on real people."
If you haven't seen this series on Amazon (free to Prime members), then get with it.  Old fashioned lawman in modern times who is a complex guy in his personal life.  This series is a sleeper with 3seasons on Prime and one available at a reasonable price for the chance to see the last season quickly.  This is a GREAT series"
If you like Timothy Olyphant than you will love this show. Its fun, raw, lots of action, fighting, almost old western type of who is the fastest gun?  Story lines are good, they keep you going,Olyphant is a Marshal, hard nose, and the chemistry between all the people are great.  And the fact they got Timothy Olyphant is in it is a stroke of genius.  This guy is a \"Big Screen Guy\", so he will not be doing this for ten years.  So they should push the envelope as hard and as fast as they can now.  The show will not survive without him.  He will eventually go back to Film.  But you cant go wrong if guns, fighting, sex, action, and all of the above is your kind of thing.  I love the show. Give it a try. But start with the first two shows of season 1.  If you are not into then?  then maybe it's not for you. I was hooked in the first show.  love it!"
If you still haven't seen this great show on FX you don't know what you are missing. You even have to root for Boyd sometimes.And he's the bad guy, with some redeeming qualities.This is not your run of the mill cop show. Far from it. Season finale was so good I am counting the months until Season 5. Long live Raylan."
I have really enjoed the series.  I was impressed by the smooth pace however, sometimes violent outcomes but a great storyand some last minutes surprises."
I liked it, music, characters, the whole thing. I watched all of them and will continue to watch if they come out with more. It's just a really solid tv series. They could back off of the violence some. That would be good."
I like that there won't be a &#34;bad guy du season&#34; should keep it interesting. Cant wait for the rest of the episodes."
I Love It!  as usual.  Timothy Olyphant is number one in my book.  Original storyline and definitely my favorite tele show."
I love the series, Got every season so far and can't wait to see the entire 4th season. I like Boyd Crowder he and Ava always seem to be one step ahead,,,, But you just have to love Raylan. My kind of Marshal.. I also like the entire cast, Nick Searcy is just great, Of course you have to be to put up with Raylan Givens."
I love this character-driven drama packed with strong charismatic personalities that are dangerous, intriguing and oh-so-charmingly lovable. In each story line there's a taught realness to the razor edge each man or woman walks along through the gray areas of human experience. The viewer is left to reflect on their own conclusions about good and evil, and I like that. I keep asking myself if these bigger-than-life characters mirror people I've known and met . . . unfortunately they do. My own life has been full of twists, bizarre coincidences and shocking revelations. Strangely, even though the characters in this show are bigger than life, I relate to the struggles of the individuals in this show. And besides, Timothy Olyphant is so purdy on camera, I would be happy just watching his Raylan Givens walk around on screen for 40 minutes wearing that cowboy hat even if he didn't say a word. Walton Goggins, on the other hand, is all about dialogue - his Boyd Crowder is perfectly played as a disarmingly unsophisticated small-town criminal genius who knows his scripture. I get the impression that Boyd is like the ocean - a force you'd best not turn your back on."
I love this series. The writing is sharp and there's a lot of humor. The characters, no matter how limited their screen time, are fully rounded. Love the writing, the way it's filmed, and the acting. This season is a departure from the previous three in that instead of some mega-villain, it's more of a mystery. Worth watching"
I'm a big fan of Timothy Olyphant (since Deadwood) and love this show.  I like the occasional humor and that they use some of the actors from Deadwood.  I'm looking forward to the next season"
In line with the other seasons, Season 4 is well written and the cast is stellar.  This season, Raylen appears to be pushing the line of law officer versus criminal to its breaking point.  Will Ava's secret be discovered?  Will she go to jail?  Will Boyd win his battle against the rich criminals &#34;on the hill&#34;?  Will Raylen become a daddy and live happily ever after?  Will Raylen finally make peace with his daddy?  Will Raylen get to Drew Thompson before Boyd?  Will Raylen or Boyd get to Drew Thompson before the boys from Detroit get him? Will Ellen May find freedom and safety or wind up in a mine shaft like so many before her? These are just a few of the questions that are answered by the time Season 4 wraps up.  It's a busy season and the final moments are sure not to disappoint."
Interested in how backwoods country-folk criminals act???  Well this ain't it but it doesn't mean it's not a good show.  Timothy Olyphant who stars in the lead and is now a co-producer is great as the lead!  I don't think the 4th season is as good as the first three but that might be because of the departure of Natalie Zea (Monahans, Texas girl!!).  Is it worth the money??  If you liked the first 3 seasons, you're in for more of the same kind of stuff but now it's not as new to you."
I ordered this episode of Justified through Amazon's video on demand service since I recently got rid of cable.  Justified is a great show and this episode proves why.  Funny one liners and lots of great action.  FX's best tv show and one of the top three on television currently and maybe top 5 of all time."
I really enjoyed this show. I was so sorry that there are no more episodes. Great price for a great season."
I really enjoy Justified - I initially watched the first season on Amazon and couldn't get enough - so now I'm through season 4.  This is a great show"
I really have enjoyed the way this season has started off, if your a fan of the show I would highly recommend it.  If you've never seen the show you will have a hard time just jumping right in."
I started to watch this series on my kindle and was hooked.  Great acting and very good characters - I hope the great writing and storylines last."
I started watching this from the very first episode and have loved each season. I will continue to watch it as long as it is on."
I started watching this show late but got hooked and it is such a great show with some comedy and great story lines, everyone should watch it, youll be happy you did"
I thought the show would get repetitive but instead the plots are just as intriguing and twisty.  Love Walter Goggin."
Its a good show. I missed an episode on tv so I had to rent  it from Amazon. Easy and quick to uy/rent from Amazon. Timothy Olyphant is handsome/hot.  :o)"
It's difficult to follow up season after season with something that's just interesting to watch.  You can almost sense the principal actors and writers getting tired of what they are doing.  Sometimes, you can see they are just down-right bored and simply collecting a nice paycheck.That's not true with this show.  Through solid writing, direction, acting and producing, they are still taking steps to leave their main characters in situations where the viewer asks him or herself, &#34;Is this where this character is going to get killed off?&#34;  Because really, that's what it's about.  This is no easy task to accomplish.Because we've already seen it all before, in reality tv, etc...  So, what intrests us, or concerns us, is will the characters that we know and care about be there next week for us."
It's difficult to review the whole season 4 when only 1 episode is available to watch (at the time of this review). Justified seasons 1,2,3 were great, so I would not expect anything less with season 4."
It's like crack. You cannot stop watching it. On par with Sons of Anarchy. A train wreck you can't look away from."
I've watched this show from the beginning and it is always mesmerizing. Love the stories, the whole cast meshes beautifully. It is a little rough and tumble (sometimes, a lot) but that just adds to the story line and helps define the characters. While our hero, Raylan Givens (Timothy Olyphant) is my favorite character, I have found I have come to like some of the bad guys as well. Boyd and Ava Crowder come to mind. Take a look!"
I was at the edge of my seat from the first episode until the last.  Drama, drama and more drama, the entire cast makes this season worth watching."
I wouldn't rate the fourth season any differently than I rated the first. I'm enjoying this series more than any other cop show I've ever seen on television, even NCIS, which led the pack until I discovered Justified. I love this show."
Just because the lead actor is easy on the eyes, is not the real reason you'll want to watch this show. Watching him walk the line between childhood localities while following the law and maintaining his self respect is mesmerizing. It has good character and plot development, plus it's about a world you've never known before. Enjoy!"
Justified has a great cast an opportunity to be as good as the day it started, but the stories remain too similar and the characters are not moving forward with as much gusto as I would like. With that being said I am still enthralled by each new episode."
Justified is my favorite TV series.  The characters are well developed and you learn a little more about them each episode.  There are twist and turns each week and you never know who you can trust from one week to another.  Very well written and acted series."
Justified is one of the best series around. Set in Kentucky with a rogue Deputy and great characters, I look forward to the series continuing."
Justified never let's you down, the action and suspense just keeps on coming. My wife and I watched seasons 1-4 in about 2 weeks, they were that good. Now it's like nothing on TV to watch until season 5 comes out. Can't wait."
Love all the seasons so far and hope for more.  Raylan is the man and I love the villains, all of them!  Keep it coming!"
Loved it, great show ........... watched it for hours at a time.  Like reading a good book that you can't put down or want to end.  REALLY looking forward  to future seasons."
Love it!Great show, filled with awesome characters that feel like they from a Sergio Leone movie and fell out into modern day Kentucky. Do yourself a favor. Go back to Season 1 Episode 1 and watch the WHOLE DAMN SERIES!!!!!"
Love Justified. I hate when they cut out Meg and her Boys in season 3 but still enjoy watching every week.."
Love this program waiting for the next season to start. The quality is excellent as always and there are no commercials, so it makes it nice."
Man this is great, although most of story moves around the ace star but all other characters are greatly chosen and performed."
My husband and I have been fans since Season 1.We enjoy Justified because this show is always fresh.Just enough of all the ingredients to be on the edge of your seat exciting...We think it is Riveting and Unpredictable!"
My husband watches this he bought the last series and will watch in January when it comes on TV he loved it."
my son got me watching this show . am now hooked! once in a while a little off track but not enough to keep you coming back.raylan , boyd and art are three awesome characters"
My wife and I are absolutely in love with this series. It features everything from outstanding writing and direction to great acting and compelling characters. This has filled the slot that 24 used to fill in our television priorities. It is obviously a bit more western, but equally enjoyable."
Now don't get me wrong but anybody that looks that good and has that much money and sleeps with women that are well...just his type then he is a scoundrel which is just fine...."
Once again, my son introduced me to the enjoyable benefits of cable searies over the regular network TV. &#34;Justified&#34; far exceeds the fodder on regular network TV. Catching up for the new season."
Once you have watched the first three seasons, this fourth season is a must.  The relationships & dynamics continues along with the character's complicated relationships that is so fun to watch."
One of my favorite series with great characters, action and fun and witty dialog.  The bad guys loose and the good guys win. We are hooked on the series.  Sometimes it takes just the right feature for an actor to gain notoriety, Timothy Olyphant has been around a while, but he has found a great fit in the roll he plays on Justified that I think will gain him the respect he has earned in this series."
One of the best cop dramas in a long, long time. Elmore Leonard's creations are gutsy, realistic and imbued with surprise after surprise. Excellent from Season 1 until this season!!"
Only a few things are better than the tension in the relationship between Raylan and Boyd.  Even without the story, the mystery, the interesting minor characters, you can still be riveted by the Shakesperan connection between the two!  But! You DO have the story, the mystery, the characters and the fallibility of all with cool placement and history.Watch it!"
Pure entertainment on so many levels.  This show is funny, action-packed, has quirky dialogue and a top notch cast, allows for complex character development, unique story archs and local color plus one cool tall drink of a leading man.  I cannot understand why have so few TV viewers have even heard of this show?I have the previous seasons on DVD and this is the second season I'm purchasing new episode by new episode through Amazon streaming."
Raylin Givens, where were you when I needed you?  Raylin has calmed down a lot since the beginning of this series.  Now he only shoots somebody every third show or so.  Walton Coggins still manages to hang onto life, gotta be a bad guy in there somewhere."
Reminds me of westerns I saw as a boy in the late forties and fifties only considerably darker.  Viewing a few of the episodes makes for an enjoyable evening.  Just like those old movies the hero in the white hat gets his man!  Delightful, harmless entertainment!"
Season 4 is just as exciting and well-written as the preceding three!  Timothy Olyphant is absolutely convincing as Raylan Givens."
Season Finale is a tear jerker; be prepared.  You will get hooked on the characters; amazing cast; kudos to the casting director!"
Season one and two were really over the top, lots of VIOLENCE.  Guess the censors have put a curb on that, not so much last season and even less this year, unless you call getting bean bagged violent.  I've been shot once myself so the effect was right on, though I question a man's ability to move around much after being shot five times.  Still, I love this series and hope it lasts longer than 5 seasons."
Still enjoying  Justified would like it much better if it was included in free prime time, whetted our appetite for the series so have to pay Sigh.!"
The &#34;Justified&#34; Series is unusual and intriguing in its context and characters. Top-notch acting and videography! An amazing feat of cinema art!"
The characters are rich and vivid.  I love the writing.  I think it is one of the bestshows out there.  Raylan and Boyd are quite good characters.  Something newevery season and it takes you to some places you just don't know still exist."
The Deadwood star has once more given us a striking performance. The Elmore Leonard based series has assembled an outstanding cast that obviously enjoys working together. Besides, it's worth watching just for Olyphant's walk."
The is quite possibly the best season beginnings yet. well scripted and well acted from start to finish. I'm looking forward to another season of one of the best shows ever made."
The noise continues in Kentucky. Seeing how Raylan is, makes you want every policemen to be like him. Big Timothy Oliphant fan (since &#34;Deadwood&#34;) and it's nice that he's landed a multi-year gig. Rock on..."
The wonderful thing about Justified is it has something for everyone, plenty of action, smart dialogue, humor and story arcs that take you many places but always lead you back to the Harland county."
The writing remains excellent, but I would like to know how Raylon's developing child is doing? Is it a boy or girl? When will she/he arrive? Is he involved with the pregnancy?"
This &#34;Justified&#34; episode was great, however..the .Amazon Instant Video cut out after 3 minutes, continuously.Watching on my iPad, it would suddenly revert to my home screen and I had to reboot the whole show...every 3 minutes (only for you Boyd ad Raylan!).Netflix did not have the same trouble so it was some Amazon glitch.Just FYI."
This is a real attention getter. ;Olyphnat plays the role with ease. Boyd, is tricky enough to keep anyone's interest holding tight and if you like this sort of film at all you will be pleased. At times the violence is a bit rough. I was kept interested all the way though."
This is just a fantastic series and Season 4 has been the best so far. They've taken a fairly good character created by Elmore Leonard and developed it into one of the most interesting and engaging characters on television today."
This is the best cop show on tv. I'm not a big fan of men in hats but Timothy Oliphant aka Raylon Givens makes a cowboy hat look good. As they say he's the coolest cop on tv."
This is the best show on TV.  The writers tie so many different events together.  It's a smart show filled with action, suspense, and comic relief.  Season 4 will keep you hanging on for more."
This series is smart, complex, and consistently engrossing.  My one complaint is the sound quality, especially for the women characters.  They often speak downward and the articulation/sound pick up is lost or mumbled.  This is a complaint across all seasons.Overall, this is the fastest 42 minutes on TV."
This series keeps getting better and better! It is a no-holds-barred exemplified set of actions we all wish we could do to settle our problems, annoyances and the cretins around us."
This show gets better and better. Each season I am amazed at the quality of writing and acting. This season does not disappoint. If I could recommend just two shows they would be The Walking Dead and Justified."
this show gets better every season. cant wait till we can get season five.  i have my husband hooked now, he has told his friends at work and they are all hooked,  and we love the way the cast mesh's together and its not the same story every week every season.  KUDO'S  for an awesome show that isnt overboard"
This show is a window into a part of American culture, in a region that I knew almost nothing about.  It helps that the acting is just great.  I'd love to see more good shows shot in the &#34;heartland&#34; and fewer in LA."
This show is so much fun and has lots of interesting characters that anyone who watches it will not be sorry they did so. Timothy Olyphant is Excellent in the title role as a US Marshall. He is fun and leads a cast of wonderful characters that will make you want to watch the whole series, every episode and come back for more. I Love This Show!!!"
This show rocks! You simply  can't go wrong with Timothy Olephant, so consider yourself warned, this series is extremely addictive!"
This show started out with not much substance but the acting is wonderful, storyline progresses well.It just gets better and I can't wait for the new season."
This was a show that I am waiting for season 5 to come out. I was disappointed that I could not continue watching any longer and had to wait."
This whole series is interesting and entertaining with good characters and good acting. Worth the Prime  price, FREE. Hope the whole season series will be free soon."
Timothy and Walton are outstanding together, followed by Nick Searcy all three are a fabulous actor trio. I would recommend to watch this series with its interesting story lines."
Timothy olyphant is amazing in this role- he is Raylang Givens. The character Boyd Crowder is phenomenal. This show has improved with every season."
Timothy Olyphant is an amazing actor.  He has proven this many times.  But, the way he puts on the skin of Raylan Givens is mesmerizing.  I only hope that the writers can keep giving us the scary outlaws, character arcs, and challenges to Raylan's morality without ruining my favorite cowboy hat-wearing Marshall.  This man embodies my love of a Southern man whilst protecting the innocent and sometimes stepping over the line of the law.  Spectacular writing and first rate acting make this show a must see!"
Timothy Olyphant is so cool in this role.  He really gets into the character.  Hope they do other seasons and they go on Prime."
Timothy Olyphant keeps outdoing himself as each season progresses - such a cool customer! Walton Goggins is fascinating as Boyd Crowder - the scenes from earlier seasons when he played a preacher were excellent. My only complaint with the series is the keep killing off the really good bad guys!"
Very good story lines, good one liners, good comedy and drama.  The casting is excellent.  We watch all seasons 1-4"
well, justified is back and I am a happy camper. People, first episodes of new seasons are no way to judge the season or the show unless you are &#34;made in Jersey&#34; which tanked. It sets the story line and the beat of the season and sometimes even sets t
We needed to catch up because we absolutely are addicted to Justified and NEEDED to see every episode.  You will find out that you want to catch every episode."
What a great series, so well written and acted. I can't wait for Season 5 to start in January of next year."
What else is there to say. It's all about Timothy Olyphant. He looks great in a cowboy hat. I prefer his hair shorter though."
While I will admit it took the first three seasons to build up the characters and the back stories in this season, the story, plot line, and character development are phenomenal and better than any other season. The dialogue is well written and witty, the character dynamics are portrayed beautifully by a superb cast, and the winding story keep you intrigued with every twist and turn! I'd explain what happens in this season, but it is best to watch it for yourself! I'm excited for season five, but I'm a little nervous as this season has left some big shoes to fill."
Wow, what can I say this is one of the best written show on the tube, the cast is great and the chemistry between the major players are awesome! Looking forward for more exciting plots! 2 thumbs up!!"
I found the characters interesting and marginally plausible, but the story line was long....and unless you watched every episode carefully, you could lose the significance of some parts.  I watched the season in fairly rapid succession, but somehow lost or missed the reason that a particular person was being sought and the balance of the season had that as a central theme.  Said another way, you really need to watch the entire season and cannot easily come in at any point after that if you wish to understand what is going on.  Yes, each episode had sub-plots that had entertainment value, but the central plot was easily lost or diminished if you didn't have the full picture and seeing each and every episode was vital to that."
too boring ... after 4 or 5 episodes ... gave up and just watched the last one which i fast forwarded through anywayThe stories are just dumb and dumber ... actually ended up rooting for Ava and Boyd .These &#34;good guy&#34; people are too mean including Winnona AND the religious freak who conned the public herself."
I always enjoy this show for the tight dialogue and action. But I think they may have painted themselves into a corner. Last season started out well but soon settled into a gab-fest that needed a program to tell who the players were. Perhaps they need to start expanding the scope of the show out from Hootin' Holler or whatever hill-billy hamlet they are located in. Some of the other Marshals are rather one-dimensional and used only when they need a &#34;brooding veteran&#34; or &#34;sassy black woman.&#34; It came to the point that when Boyd Crowder came on the screen, I knew I could go to the kitchen or bathroom because he takes so long to say anything. Timothy Olyphant is excellent but may be coasting a little close to a Clint Eastwood parody. And finally: Lose the hat. It has served it's dramatic purpose and is out of place in that locale. We get it. Raylon is a loner and a rebel. But he can be that without that silly hat."
The first three seasons were gripping, yet this one just tried too hard to pull you in. I mean, it wasn't about Marshall business as the other three episodes, but more of a let's get another season on the roster to make more $. It was nice to see more of Tim act, but the BEST actor was Coggins! He's the star of all seasons, due to his invective, invidious, and gallantry; i think more of us can connect with him from a practical sense. Coggins deserves an Oscar."
I have in the past really liked Timothy Olyphant (like in Deadwood), and I found earlier seasons of Justified kinda entertaining. Olyphant has the ability to play a straight-arrow hero in a unique and wonderful way. The trouble with Justified is that he has become less and less heroic. He doesn't stand for anything, anymore. He seems just like the low-lifes he pursues, except he's got a badge. Nothing important is at stake - just whether the addicts of Harlan County get their fix. I say leave them alone with their devices, Raylan. Oh, and do we have to put up with a whole new helping of overdone evangelical crap? We've already seen all this in the first season. False preaching can only divert us for so long. I wish they would transplant Raylan Givens to some city where some dastardly plot is afoot that actually matters to somebody. Get him out of the backwoods, please! And make him a bit serious, not just a facetious lout who can't stay out of trouble."
AWSOME SHOW, I HAVE WATCHED ALL THE SEASONS AND WAS SURPRISE THAT SEASON 4 REQUIRES A PAYMENT OF 1.99 FOR EACH SHOW, VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COST WHEN THE OTHER WERE PART OF THE AMAZON PRIME COST."
I just love how the characters develop from season to season.  I love the cliffhangers at the end of the shows.  Always leave me wanting more."
unlike wine most tv series don't get better with age. This is a classsic example where a simple plot gets way side tracked and therefore the whole story suffers."
The wear and tear of attempting writers seems to show by the end of the third season on any show. I think our favorite character is running out of steam --- becoming too real -- becoming the steriotypical cop who crosses a line."
This series, so far, is OK, but nothing compared to the first 3. In the first 3 series each episode of complete and resolved, but this series so far leaves you &#34;hanging&#34; and having to wait for the next episode to find out &#34;what happened&#34;. Also, characters are not as strong(and actors and actresses) either. So far, wouldn't recommended buying the entire series, as I did with each of the first three. Will have to wait and see."
Raylan - US Marshall, gets sent back home because of a &#34;Justified&#34; shooting that he did that was viewed as socially questionable by the Marshall Service.Boyd - Bad boy with questionable morals that Raylan knew while he was working the mines.Plot - Bad guys galore, tons of shooting and other more bizarre ways to get killed.First 3 seasons, I would rate right up there as excellent.  Over the top violence, decently handled, a &#34;Big Bad&#34; every season that served the purpose and there was a nice levity to Raylan's approach to dealing out justice.  Low tolerance for stupidity and a &#34;get the job done&#34; attitude.Superman?  No not Raylan, as he has been known to get the crap beat out of himself on several occasions in the series.  Made some believable dumb decisions.  But it's been entertaining.This season....  Well, it's like they've been cruising downhill depending on prior momentum to keep it going.  Lack of Big Baddie, pacing has been off and the big thing this season, so far seems to be a carrier bag that dropped from the sky many years ago that was filled with cocaine.Raylan seemed to have his own episodes, Boyd his own and the two didn't cross.Boyd this season is portrayed much less ambiguously and more straight out do whatever needs to be done to help along his drug and other nefarious business.  Still some of the humor in the relationship of the two exists, but a lot of the complexity that they had given Boyd and that I had really enjoyed, seems to have evaporated.This one to my mind is on my &#34;critical care&#34; list, sticking with it in hopes that it's going to get it's act together, but the fun that I've had with it in the past just isn't there.Acting still good, I blame the scripts."
I think Justified is, for the most part very entertaining.  Timothy Olyphant is one of my favorite actors.  He does a great job playing his character."
Have been waiting patiently for this season and was rewarded.  Raylan and crew prove again that there is a little good in the worst of people and a little bad in the best of people.  Well, maybe except a few really, really bad ones!"
Highly recommend this to anyone great series can't wait for Season 5 to be on Prime!! Wish I would have watched the series sooner!!"
Very enjoyable season but the writers painted themselves in a corner and could not come up with a climatic ending. The entire season was interesting but that last episode is not justified."
Love each season as it continues down the path of catching the bad guys and even the good guys have to be bad sometimes to catch them.  Unethical, maybe, but you understand there's a method to the madness when you see the scum they have to deal with."
The show takes a different tone in Season 4 and I enjoy it very much. We have seen all the bad folks openly known to Raylon and what happens to them. This season takes a different less jovial turn. He seems a bit darker this season. Key characters are still there. When is Winona ever going to have that baby? Is Johnnie going to cross Boyd? Is Arlo going change his MO? Love it! I am loving this!"
Everyone wants to see the good guy win and the bad guy brought to justice. Remember John Wayne and Sean Connery. Well, this series is of that kind."
Great characters and great actors.  I feel bad about routing for the likes of Boyd Crowder, but I can't help myself.  Can't wait for the next season to be available on Amazon Prime."
I loved this season, maybe not as good as 2 & 3, but it was much better than season 1. Great show all together. Thought it was just going to be another cop drama. Nope, it stands out."
Oliphant and Goggans nail their characters .  No phoney baloney here.  Raylan is a loose cannon and will shoot you with his big toe if you tie him up.  Boyd is dangerous.....even his clothes scare me.  Great plots, good supporting cast and enough bad guys/gals to go around.If you wonder why film crews, camera crews, lighting crews, and editing crews get awards for their work......watch this series.  You think you are right there, not watching a movie.I miss Mags Bennett."
Hey, I understand the premise here...and I love the story lines and the great acting.I just get sick of being constantly bombarded with the bad language and sexual innuendos.  No, wait; they're NOT innuendos...they're slam you in the head, can't miss them if you tried, WHAM, we gotta get our quota of crude language and unmistakeable sexual acts or comments in for every show, no matter how unnecessary to moving the plot along.Yeah, I know; the show deals with the vile underbelly of society.  But, really?  Do we need to have the word &#34;whor**&#34; repeated like 20 times in every show??  Can't they use &#34;prostitute&#34; at least once in a while?I get the feeling that the language and sex stuff is thrown in, whenever the writers are too lazy to actually do some GOOD writing.IMHO, this really detracts from our enjoyment of the essential elements of the Justified story line.C'mon, producers, directors and writers on Justified:  clean it up!!!  Stop using cheap shocks and thrills, and give us more plot meat and better acting.  Just throwing in curse words and girls running around in panties, because you think EVERYONE in Kentucky talks like that, and the girls are all slutty...well, that's rather immature and quite unnecessary.YOU CAN DO BETTER, Justified!!!"
I loved this show. My wife did not &#34;get&#34; it, unfortunately, but I found the goings on in the &#34;holler&#34; to be just fascinating."
It's an interesting study in characters personality changes for good or bad and how people are friendly when they are opposites.  I am amazed at how awful some people are but also realize that there are people in the world that bad.  Also normal people can ge good and bad at the same time."
Loved this series.  Raylin and Boyd are perfect opposites, constantly at each other's throats.  One for justice, one for greed, but both with a sense of loyalty to each other.  Raylin is a modern, quick draw cowboy marshall, Boyd is an outlaw boss who loves his fiance and money.  Both are very strong characters.  Can't wait until season 5 goes drops it's charges."
Continue to enjoy each season. Timothy Olyphant is fantastic in the lead role. Very good supporting cast and guest roles as well. Recommend."
far fetched. action going in every which direction without a clear enough path. You make assumptions and then you don't se that part of the story line for a while... still a great show."
Delightfully told, great dialogue, and fascinating stories. I guarantee you won't &#34;see it coming&#34;!This is a series that is great because, even though the stories are woven throughout the season, you can miss an episode, or even start up in the middle of the season, and still be able to catch up pretty quickly.It's just a great ride!"
I love this program. I think the seasons keep getting better. I think the star of the show is get."
I love to hate the bad guys on Justified!!  Raylan gets himself in some situations that me feel anxious about how he's going to get out.  I always feel a roller coaster of emotions, because I am so invested in every episode.  I don't like all of the characters, which really means that the actors play their parts well.  I love Justified, and I'll always watch an episode more than once to make sure that I haven't missed anything!!"
Highly entertaining TV show - can't wait to see Season 5.  One of the best written and acted series that I have seen."
I have loved this show & all it's assorted characters ever since it first started. A very good mixture of crime drama, murder, sex & even every once in a while, a little comedy thrown in. All in all, a very top notch show!"
I am a late comer to Justified. I never even heard of it until about two weeks ago. I joined Amazon Prime and had finished all 7 seasons of \"The Closer,\" and was looking for something else to watch. I almost didn't pick Justified, because I normally don't like excess violence, and I just didn't think this one was my cup of tea. Boy, was I wrong. I watched the first three seasons \"free,\" on Amazon Prime. Then, of course, I had to buy Season 4, and then I watched the entire 4 seasons over again. I am surprised I like this show so much. I think my favorite part is the language; the oh so formal phrases, which of course, is purely Appalachian.As Nicki Augustine says to Boyd, \"Why do you use so many words when four would be enough?\" That is so much of the charm of this series. Then there is Raylan \"an emotional disaster,\" who keeps to himself, and yet Timothy is ever so able to portray the hurt that Raylan feels--often with the little tick in his chin. With all his toughness, he is vulnerable. I also find the relationship of Boyd and Raylan fascinating; so much alike with one taking the path of crime, and the other the path of a lawman. I can't wait for season 5; I only wish this series had more episodes. I was sorry to have finished it for the 2nd time. This is the only show I have ever watched FX series I have ever watched; I also had never read any Elmore Leonard, but have now just received \"Raylan,\" to read."
I am itching to see Season 5. The problem with binge viewing is that when you reach the end of the line it's hard to wait until the next series hits the pipeline."
Some of the finest writing and acting you'll find anywhere on TV. Period.Very little language, no nudity, the occasional crude comment, but oh, is there ever a lot of violence!"
Justified Season 4 builds on the excellent development of Seasons 1, 2 and 3.The characters (much like in Elmore Leonard's books) are very well developed, interesting and always surprising.Rayan and Boyd form a hub around which side stories and plots evolve and interweave.  Women characters are particularly well done for a &#34;cop show&#34;Excellent program moving to season 5"
Great language and music.  Characters are developed very well and the one liners are priceless.  Love the chief and Raylins family"
Love the casting, the stories and everything about it.  The characters are exceptionally good and we are even sad when the bad guys get killed.  Some of them are so good at being bad."
I was disappointed in Season 3 - too much mob _ _ _ _, But here we are kicking and playing with the U.S. Marshals again.  Next to Raylan Givens, Boyd Crowder is great fun ! ! ! Southern KY is always a rockin'.  I am excited when I see characters from &#34;Deadwood&#34; pop up on Justified.  Jim Beaver is one of TVs enjoyable characters from Deadwood to Supernatural and on to bits in Dexter, The Middle, The Mentalist and he was really great in Harper's Island - Very cool actor !  Timothy Olyphant had a singular role in Deadwood.  I just didn't think he would be able to pull out another strong character in Justified.  But he has done very well and he makes this show a number one hit.  . . .Who else do I remember that he brought back into Justified from Deadwood  oh yeah the preacher from Deadwood had a bit role at some point in Justified . . . and Gerald McRaney (he got shot in Justified, astonishing I know.) . . . . Maybe that is all - I can't remember any others but it is possible there are more.  Regardless - Justified has a heavy hitting cast !  Season 4 has FIVE STARS for me."
This is great.  The continuation of a great series.  Worth the watch.  Not necessarily for the whole family but it has it all.  Comedy, drama, action and a little lovin.  The cast has been well chosen and they keep you watching."
I really liked watching Season 4 of Justified. I watched it in a marathon over the weekend. The only thing missing in Season 4 is Natalie Zea being in it full-time. She should be on it full-time. Her character and Rayland are a great mix. Love, passion, excitement and she tells him how it is. She does not hold back! She keeps him in line and understands him even though she doesn't like him being in harm's way. Bring her back full-time!"
I have friends that live in Kentucky. This gives me a little incite on what happens there, and Tim has a good handle on some of it. The moonshine business is deeply seated as well as the pot industry. But, the drug scene has dug in as well and that will ( and is) causing many problems for that State in reality. I love the show but see what the effect has on that community. Good to watch but then in many ways it's real."
Again, lots of violence with not too much of a change in the story line.  Expected more out of the series."
My husband and I watched the first three seasons of Justified and were sorry to see the end of those Prime seasons.  We were delighted to see Season 4 offered.  The story of Raylan and the Kentucky clans continues, with Ava and Boyd Crowder developing a serious personal relationship in addition to all of their &#34;business&#34; transactions.  The story heats up when Ava's past crimes come back to haunt her.  Good entertainment."
I think Justified is one of the best shows on the air right now. Timothy Olyphant's character is great, along with his other cast members. Justified is one of a few shows that has retained my interest over the years."
This season is more like season 1 and 2. I thought it was fun to watch. I like it when the Marshall goes after the bad guys, but I don't like violence for the sake of violence. They changed the format this season and I thought it was greatly improved. It wasn't quite so predictable but yet the the plot was neatly done. A lot of loose ends were tied in this season."
Rarely does a film, much less a tv show, come up with a hero who is equally matched by the villain of the piece.  Even better, neither of them is wholly heroic or wholly villainous, just like most real people. Thus, our hero,Raylan (Timothy Olyphant), the US Marshall, has a perfect foil, Boyd (Walton Goggins). Both of them come from former A+ shows in which they were not the leads. TO had a big role in DEADWOOD and WG had a big role in THE SHIELD.This episode opens the fourth season of this wonderful show and immediately you are thrown into authentic America. The virtue of setting this in Harlan, Kentucky is that this is an area of the country which has not become the same as everywhere else.  These people stick close to their roots.  They all know one another and the backwoods of Kentucky. They were all seemingly born with a gun in their hands and some criminality in their genes. They have their own dialect and if you talk like they do in NYC or LA, you will stick out like a Martian here.This episode has all the great quirks we've grown to love in this show: a guy in a bear suit with a local prostitute, a criminal in Raylan's trunk, then his car gets stolen, Boyd contending with one of his drug dealers who has gotten caught up in revivalist religion, and Raylan's venomous father, now in prison, who seems to have secreted things in the walls of his house.This show appears on virtually every top ten list which is posted online and deservedly so."
I want to say I can't say enough great things about this show, but I think I have already reviewed it.  We are Justified addicts."
Well, an impoverished state of the Union has to do something. These hillbillies are not stupid and they do what has to be done."
Most awesome show on the planet!  Timothy Olyphant is perfect to play Raylan Givens. Art is funny as heck! Love it"
I gobble all the episodes up as soon as they appear on my Prime membership.  Can't say enough good things about this series.  Well acted, great characters, etc."
The quality of the writing, acting and effects is as good as, if not better, than the previous seasons and this season ends with a hook that will ensure that I tune in the next season when it's available."
I can't get past this guy's Canadian accent; of course, you never hear it in this series. But I recall watching a director's commentary on deadwood and was floored at how silly he sounded. Having said that, this is a pretty good series and while it reduces to the typical love affair, broken heart, sad news, story that most series due by the fourth season, I have to say that this series managed to hold things together more than most. A worthwhile watch."
Some very strong character development from all the actors. It is a pleasure to watch something that doesn't bill itself as &#34;reality TV&#34; yet continues to make me believe in what's happening.  Keep up the good work!"
Used to watch on FX when we had satellite but now we watch only on Amazon Prime. Nice to be able to watch as many or as few episodes as you want.Growing tired of the lead character Wayland and his awful girlfriend. Really he could do better.Boyd and his girlfriend, Ava,  have always been my favorite characters.I am from and live in the South so I love a Southern flavored show even though I didn't grow up in this part of the South."
Love all the twists and turns of this series, plus the writers come up with some really great dialogue. Highly recommend giving this series a try, you would be sorry."
My favorite show has produced a long-winded, hard to watch season that is seriously lacking in excitement.  Perhaps I expected to much?  I don't think so."
Raylen is my hero.  A modern day John Wayne.  We need more people like him.  If we did, crime would be virtually be non-existent.  Can't wait for Season 5 although it is not available for prime members currently."
Really liked this program very much -- although the language isn't suited for families.  The acting is great and the story lines are very good.  Thank you Amazon for providing this program."
Both my husband and I enjoy this show.  We feel they have great writers and have casted really well.  If you like dram and a little bit of the cowboy flavor, you will enjoy this show."
Have always enjoyed the Justified series.. Great writing and the actors pull it all together. You can tell when an acting team really enjoys their work.."
This show has seemed to get more and more violent each season.  The acting is really great, and I love Timothy Olyphant, which is why I keep watching it, but it can be really disturbing.  In light of all the violence that has been in the news as of late, it's getting kind of tough to feel okay about all the violence portrayed on TV and film.  I would enjoy the show a lot more if the violence was more left to the imagination, than to witness the constant brutality.  If you're not into violent shows, I would probably not recommend this.  If you can stomach it, and appreciate it for the actors, then I say go for it."
...with great acting, story lines, directing, music etc. A fav of ours, can't get enough of it! They NEED to give us faithful fans a 'Harlan Co. ' weekend marathon of episodes!!! ;^D"
I love Justified! It's my favorite show! But...it's not as good this season. Raylan seems...mean-spirited? Is he turning into Arlow? And Ava. Her character was assasinated two seasons back, when she hooked up with Boyd. But turning her into a cold-blooded Killer? Yuk. Boyd is the only one who has stayed true to character. I would encourage Graham Yost to go back, not forward. The characters are all getting ugly. I'm close to quitting my fave show."
although raylan walks a fine line,he is almost as soulless as boyd.yet season six is the last year.word of warning, may end without any completeness."
I missed seeing Justified on television but, was ecstatic when I found and starting watching this intense series. One of the best series I've found."
I likes it...reminds me of my childhood and stuff way back when I lived in the country and sold moonshine"
I love this show.  Keeps me enjoying it each season.  Never dull moment in this series.  I would recommend it to anyone to watch."
Great show great characters great writing.  I think it is great so I wrote great  5 times.  Don't you think that is great?"
I started watching this show when it first aired because I liked Timothy Olyphant from the HBO series Deadwood, in which I thought he was great. He plays a law officer, as he did in Deadwood, yet his character is slightly different and still edgy, Enjoy!"
glad they abandon the church subplot early, as it wasn't doing much for me.  As usual, Boyd remains the greatest character in the universe.  So much fun to watch his story evolve.A lot more happens with the red-bearded sherrif dude this season, which is great cause I loved him in Deadwood and I love him in this show as well.  Great season - I want more!!!"
When I watched the first episode of season 4 I thought Raylan lost his mojo, but that soon ended.  Season 4 is riveting--just love the chemistry between Boyd and Raylan--you can tell they had loads of fun making the series.  If you go to Youtube, you can find a lot of interesting things about Walton and Timothy and bloopers.  Just for the heck of it, (thank you Amazon for getting Deadwood on Prime) I watched the first episode of Deadwood.  I am sure I am recognizing many characters from Justified."
Love this show!  Liberal lacings of humor and really excellent actors make this series about a wildcard US Marshall in Harlan Kentucky a joy to watch."
Why is Justified so much fun to watch? On one level, it's just a rather violent cop show. Could it be the quirky Elmore Leonard-ish dialogue?  The unusual (for TV) small-town Kentucky setting?  Certainly Timothy Olyphant's portrayal of Raylan is a big part of the attraction, but the villains are just as much fun. Boyd, the recurring &#34;villain&#34; (sometimes he's a victim, and sometimes--improbably--a hero), is remarkably sympathetic. Part of the pleasure is how surprisingly resonant the series title is. Every character in this show is completely justified, in his or her own mind. People may have stupid reasons for acting as they do, but they do have reasons."
It holds my attention well and when the episode Is over I find myself wanting to start the next one right away to see what happens next.  It does not insult your intelligence by down playing the topics of the show  to low IQ persons.  I love shows like Bones, NCIS, NCIS LA,  Persons of Interest, Major Crimes, and the Mentalist.  This show does have adult themed topics."
While the Raylan Givens character makes the Justified world go round, I have to comment on Boyd Crowder. This has been a brilliantly played role from the beginning. As the childhood best friend and shadow to Givens, Crowder absolutely holds his own and then some. The second son of a local criminal Boss who did time in prison and came back born again, he is riveting. The episodes in which Crowder loses his faith were some of the best TV ever. Crowder has courage and, yes, decency, that plays off Givens role brilliantly. Now, firmly ensconced as the local criminal boss, when Crowder tells the rich criminal elite in his neighborhood that their lives might make them criminals, it doesn't make them outlaws--Crowder is the Outlaw--he takes his place alongside Clyde Barrow, Bonnie Parker, and the Sundance Kid as one of the best, most fascinating, most well written outlaw characters in movie/TV history."
This is a series that grabs you and holds. There are gray areas in everyone's life and interactions they have had in their family and in their past keeps the viewer intrigued."
I had to re-watch the seasons to get ready for new season and it's great can't wait for new season."
This isn't the type of tv show that I normally enjoy (killing, drugs, police investigation) so I imagine that if it is for you that you'll LOVE this show. I love this show DESPITE that. The 4 stars is just because it's not my normal &#34;thing&#34; so it's not one of those shows I can't wait to turn on.The great thing about this show is just how well developed all the characters are. You can't help, but like the main character, as well as many of the villains as well. The play between the main character and one of the villains that's been going back for the entire show is really entertaining."
just the same as season 1,2 and 3, you just get so hooked on these shows that you are hoping for another season, which I wonder if there will be a 5th season?"
What I especially like about this show: is the characters are just plain ole folks.  Not living in big expensive mansions or driving luxury cars.  Despite their criminal activity, they do it on a low key.  Some live out in the middle of nowhere and they stick together.  More shows need to limit the glitz, glamor, and sex and get back to basics.  This show has its' &#34;revenge&#34;, but with a lot less glamor on a lot less real estate."
Timothy Olyphant is the reason I watch this show.  He is such a great actor and I can't wait to see the ending season."
I just love this character, Raylon and all the characters of Harlan County. I would love to see he and Wynona back together with their new baby girl. But that would wrap it up too sweetly for this dark series about the drug buying, selling and using in the back country of Kentucky. There is a lot of killing so don't let your kids watch, and the sweet prostitute Ellie Mae who seems to continue to get away with her life and pulls at our heart strings along the way. She is too dumb to be conniving....ever hear of an &#34;innocent&#34; prostitute?I am just starting Season 5 and hoping it will be better than it has started out."
As one who does not typically like this genre; imagine my personal amazement that I became instantly hooked! I literally had to watch all 4 Seasons back-to-back! Tim Olyphant is one of my favorite actors and as far as can be relied upon, one of the few real family men & fathers left in Hollywood. Out if all his characters, U.S. Marshall Raylan Givens is one of his best to date! Finally, a show that does not have to add the excess sexual content, unnecessary violent activity (Ever been to Eastern KY? It's very accurate representation of the violent behavior of some.) hopefully the show will continue without disappointment!"
Although the acting is excellent, the story line has become more predictable and less appealing, with a higher level of violence dominating the series."
After watching this season we have remained hooked!  With 2 more seasons planned we look forward to the adventures of Raylon and the excellent costars and guest stars.  highly recommend this series."
Justified has been one of the premier programs on television for 3 season and going into the 4th season it show no signs of letting up on quality or entertainment value.  The characters are interesting (if not sometimes conflicted) and each week you are left with a \"OH NO, it's over until next week!\".  It is that good and trying to figure out what comes next is usually an exercise in futility and frustration, the writers for this show are top shelf talent.UPDATE: 20 MAR 2013 - The first 3 Seasons of Justified are now FREE if you have Amazon Prime, best deal in Instant Video TV in years."
Love the series.  Am watching the entire series.  Will continue to watch the entire series.Disappointed that 'Breaking Bad' is not available free or at a reasonable price."
I love Justified for its sharp writing and dialogue. The show is one of the best on TV right now and it gets better and better each season. In my opinion, Justified doesn't need any justification. It's simply the best!"
I always enjoy each episode and feel that the series is well written and well acted.  I thought Raylin was supposed to score a big promotion, but that was left dangling.  Looks like Wynona and baby are just on their own."
I sometimes have to rewind &#34;Say what?!&#34;. You need to pay attention because the pace quickens unexpectedly to a roaring blur. The show is a kaleidoscope of tender moments, sketchy alliances, deals, confrontation, powerful character interaction and just plain shootin'.  Each episode is packed with so much meat and so well crafted that you can jump in anywhere without needing a lot of background. Of course it's better to start at the beginning. It's fine entertainment."
This is my fourth review of this series. Nothing has changed. It is still great entertainment. The only problem I have with all of these seasons is that they could do it equally well without any obscene language. Thankfully they do not use the worst of them. Having said that, its my kind of show. The good guy (Raylin) always wins, although he may get beaten up badly in the process. There is also the problem of Boyd Crowder, the bad guy you feel guilty about liking. I think the writers have done a great job making this show. It has a personality all its own."
This show is like a modern day western. Great stories with fantastic acting. Start with the first season and work your way forward. You won't regret it."
I love this show.  Great writing, great acting.  I also love to binge watch a whole season of my favorite shows at a time.  Having season 4 on Amazon Prime has been wonderful!"
This is without a doubt one of the top shows on television right now. Top notch acting across the board, and great story lines. I love that Amazon includes this series on Prime, love this show. Awesome."
Season 4 has the feeling that the series writers do not have the edge that brought such a compelling story its popularity.  The signs of a slight dulling and writers are &#34;reaching&#34; exist in the introduction of Colt, a loose cannon that does not have a foundation in the genesis of the story.  Beware the fourth season, still good but things have changed and the show is looking for that thread that delivers the promise each episode will entertain and will not tire their audience."
Loved the story line, loved the characters, love to see his ex wife and baby back with him... Love the chief marshal..."
Rarely do you see a series with both excellent acting and an excellent script.  Congrats to both actors and writers."
I love this series. Justified is great. Timothy Olyphant is easy on the eyes and the supporting cast of law men and women are equally easy on the eyes too. I especially enjoy how these U.S. Marshall law folk make you laugh. As one of Elmore Leonard's biggest fans I look the forward to how his book characters are easily transformed to these tv characters seen and heard from the pages of america's best fiction writer"
This is one to watch and rewatch.  I enjoyed the plot twists and tangles.  The interaction between characters is wonderful.  You just know that if things had turned out slightly differently Boyd and Raylan would have either switched places or they would be partners in crime.  Beware though - there is a cliff hanger and you are going to want the next season."
Would love to see and learn more  about Rachael. She seems &#34;barely there&#34;. do something with her!  She's got the balls! Don't just keep her as another pretty face and Raylan's 2nd hand.  Is Raylan ready for another woman, since his baby's mama is being kept away?"
Interesting storyline.  And Timothy Olyphant is perfect for the roll he plays as a US Marshall with a less than perfect past, not to mention that Timothy is NOT hard on the eyes... Very sexy :) ... Check it out, the 1st 4 Seasons are free with Amazon Prime and the 5th season in currently running on FX Channel, and is an FX Channel Original TV Show."
I enjoy Justified especially the relationship between Rayland and the other characters in the cast. When Boyd and Rayland are together their dialogue is amazing.. I like the way the character of Boyd has been developed over the past seasons and in this season the character of Rayland is showing his faults more making him more true to life. Ava is given a bigger role in this season also which adds to the show."
as the other seasons, we have enjoyed season 4 and wish season 5 was Amazon Prime also...but guess we'll wait for it"
Really enjoyed the entire Justified TV program.  Excellent acting and writing.  This season centered on a mystery.  It was a surprise.  Waiting for Season 5 to appear on Amazon Prime."
This is our new favorite TV show. Lots of interesting characters and interesting story lines. Hats off to the FX network for this gem!!"
I've enjoyed the previous seasons, but perhaps not as much as Season 4.  The writing continues to be engaging, the storyline interesting, and the ever developing relationships intriguing.  Can't wait for Season 5!"
Good writing and decent acting can carry almost any TV series.  The (character) acting in this one is actually quite good, so I give it top marks.  Each season has a coherent story arc that transitions smoothly from the last.Having relatives in Harlan County, though, I can say that some of the accents are closer than others.  But who cares?"
While this may not bet the best season, I think season two wins those honors this season was very good.  Raylan and Boyd continue to be interesting and dynamic characters and the supporting cast are all good."
Some of the episodes and scenes seem like filler.  The concept of the Dixie Mafia and its relationship to the other crime organizations (local and Detroit) is not clear so you don't get a sense of why things are done.  The best interactions were the ones from past seasons between Boyd , Ma's family, Limehouse and Raylan and the Marshals.  It was a shame to lose Arlo."
Good acting on continuing series of redneck type characters.  Bad boy Boyd & marshall Raylan going at it is always enjoyable. The sho ws are quick with interesting plotlines. It looks like some of the episodes were directed by Olyphant who also plays the marshall. I liked the one episode of the hill people where marshall Raylan is capured & ends up rescuing not only himself but Boyd, a fellow captive, using his kinship with the head lady if the tribe.Good wirk people!"
Great acting with very believable characters as well as a story line that keeps you coming back for more. Look forward to next season."
Great acting and the characters do not get stale or boring. Very nice plots and something new around the corner."
Well written, well acted.  One actually like the bad guys until one reminds oneself that these personable guys and gals kill people, sell and distribute drugs, etc.  However you look at it, Timothy Olyphant is a cool dude and a lawman to the core."
Ok, this has all the foul things, violence, prostitution, drugs, etc.etc.  But Raylan, Boyd, Art and the rest of em are just so dang entertaining.  Mostly Raylan.Not much cussing.Can't wait tl season 5 is released to prime members...but can't see paying $2 per hour of t.v...."
A little more violence than I would prefer but I just exit the room until the 'noise' is over and it doesn't interfere with our commitment to see the next episode."
A single story arc informs the entire season, the search for Drew Thompson a gangster who supposedly died thirty years ago. In a county where few are truly law abiding including the law the best way to hide we discover 2/3&#8217;s of the way through the season is in plain sight. What continues to make this program worth watching is excellent acting, the endless parade of oddball hillbilly characters, and the sparkling dialogue. The show is as old as the hills and as modern as the latest technology."
This season did not get my attentions as did season one and two.I think it may have ran it's course, we will see."
The plot formula continues to work because of the clever writing, excellent acting, and the superb casting. I'm also impressed with the muted and subdued lighting."
A lot of shows get a big case of the yawns by the time Season 4 rolls around. Not so with Justified. It's just as fast-paced, action-packed, and funny as its predecessor Seasons 1 - 3. In fact, it's so good, I went through the entire Season in 3 days, something I have never done before. The intertwining character histories, wry humor, disposition of some old bad guys, introduction of some new ones, and the &#34;will they or won't they&#34; questions (on several levels) made me impatient to find out &#34;what happens next&#34;. Remember when the standard Season for a television series was 22 or 23 episodes? Justified makes me wish for those good ol' days."
I really enjoyed this show. Can't wait till the next season is put on prime so I can see what happens next."
There is a lot going on this season.  Brutal at times, but it continues to be a well written/acted series."
Raylan is a product of the blue collar South, and he has found a path through the evil by resisting it.  In this series, the story is less a struggle between a man and his background, than it is a fairly ordinary cops and robbers study, with the evil side characterized fairly stereotypically (Winn Duffy, the Detroit Mafia) and far too much gratuitous violence.  Raylan is losing his charm, bit by precious bit."
I found that I liked the various characters.  It can get violent and pretty bloody, but I just close my eyes!!!"
The acting...the writing...the whole shabang works wonderfully well and delivers great television.  This is not mindless cops and robbers action; this is scintillating action."
this is by far the best cop show on tv. its really more about the characters than anything else. the topics asuch as the drug trade and the area show are areas that many people will never see. there depiction of these area are quite good"
This TV show is not for everyone.  The whole &#34;Southern hillbilly&#34; thing will turn off a lot of potential viewers.  But Raylan is the macho lead character to beat, circa 2014.  Timothy Olyphant sets the bar for balls.  The writing, acting, cinematography, direction, plot arcs, are all state-of-the-TV-art.In one of the Season Four episodes, the Dixie Mafia kidnaps Raylan's pregnant ex-wife to force him to help them find and kill a guy they are after.Before Raylan shows up, his ex-wife tells the three armed kidnappers, something like: &#34;If you all just leave now, you'll live through the day.&#34;After Raylan shows up to where his ex-wife is, and the three gun thugs disarm him, as part of the back-and-forth conversation, he says something like: &#34;Safest thing you boys can do is lie face-down with your hands behind your necks.&#34;You won't be disappointed with the final outcome.@hg47"
The show gets a little rougher around the edges the longer it goes on but is still one of the best shows on cable TV."
Their are a lot of actors that were on dead wood, It has a great story line and a lot of action."
I love this show, it keeps me on the edge of my seat with every episod, can't wait to see seson 5"
Over the last several years, FX has been the preeminent basic cable station for original programming. Shows like NIP/TUCK, THE SHIELD, RESCUE ME, LOUIE, TERRIERS and newer shows like THE AMERICANS have been showcasing some of the best that television has to offer as far as more mature storytelling and shows that don't treat you like you're not an intelligent carbon-based life form (of course, there is the occasional ANGER MANAGEMENT, but no channel is perfect). Then there's JUSTIFIED, resting at the top of the heap, swaggering confidently like U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens (the brilliant Timothy Olyphant), taking no crap from anyone or anything and defying other shows to knock it down. And with the show completing its fourth season, it still proves that it's the show to beat.The fourth season begins with Givens, knowing that he and his ex-wife Winona (Natalie Zea) have a baby on the way, is looking to supplement his income by doing what he does best: catching fugitives. Unfortunately, this is very much frowned upon by the Marshal Service, particularly Raylan's superior Art (the always amazing Nick Searcy). Meanwhile, the eternally-scheming Boyd Crowder (Walton Goggins) and his lady-love Ava (Joelle Carter) are looking to get in deeper with the Dixie Mafia, represented in Harlan County by uber-weasel Wynn Duffy (Jere Burns), but their working girl Ellen May (Abby Miller) has fallen in with a good crowd, led by traveling revivalist Billy St. Cyr (Joseph Mazzello) and his more pragmatic sister Cassie (Lindsay Pulsipher), leading them to believe that Ellen May might start confessing some of her sins that could incriminate Ava. Thusly, Boyd brings in fellow Iraq War vet Colt Rhodes (Ron Eldard), who makes quite a few mistakes of his own as he acts as enforcer for Boyd's mini-mob. But some of these events are window dressing (or are they?) for the real mystery of the season. Many years before, a man named Drew Thompson stole a whole bunch of cocaine from Theo Tonin, the mystery mob boss in Detroit, that paved the way for organized crime to surface in Harlan. A frantic search that involves just about every character in the show begins for just who Drew Thompson really is. If Raylan can answer that question first, his career will be on the fast track; if Boyd can answer that question first, the Tonin family will be indebted to him, solidifying him as the local crime lord. On the side of law and order (or maybe just law), there's Raylan and his fellow marshals Rachel (Erica Tazel) and Tim (Jacob Pitts), and some assistance from the slightly-crooked sheriff Shelby Parlow (Jim Beaver), as well as the rotund wannabe lawman Constable Bob (Patton Oswalt). On the side of crime, there's Boyd, Ava, Colt, Wynn, the duplicitous Cousin Johnny (David Meunier), Raylan's imprisoned father Arlo (Raymond J. Barry), the Tonin family's enforcer Nicky Augustine (Mike O'Malley), and returning as a wild card here is Elstin Limehouse (Mykelti Williamson). Rest assured that when it all comes down to the wire and once the identity of Drew Thompson is revealed, all of these players are on the table, and only a few will walk away from the conflict.Showrunner Graham Yost and this world's creator, the great crime novelist Elmore Leonard, have expanded the universe for these characters to exist in during the course of this season, and have continued to craft astounding entertainment episode after episode. The drama, the intensity, the comedy, the characters, the interaction... all of these things coalesce in a way in this season than they have before. The whole show rests solidly on the shoulders of Olyphant, and those shoulders are broad. His performance never ever hits a false note, and Raylan Givens is a wholly unique character in the annals of crime television. He's actually not a very good person at all (evidenced several times throughout this season with Winona, with Art, with his co-workers, with really just about everyone on the show). He has no inclination toward nor concern for the bureaucracy of the service he's in; he's rude, arrogant, impulsive, and just really kind of a jerk. Strangely, it's all these things that make him so incredibly good at his job and such a rich character. Don't get me wrong; Raylan is incredibly likable, but when you pull back some of that cowboy veneer, he really just ends up doing whatever the hell he wants most of the time, which is something that does actually catch up with him in this season. The cast of the show is also pitch-perfect as Goggins and Carter are the Lord and Lady MacBeth of this program, with endless machinations that have them reaching higher than ever before, but that only gives them the opportunity to fall farther than ever before. Searcy is pure gold as Art continues as one of the great supporting characters currently on television. Tazel is perfect as the eternally put-upon Rachel, and Pitts puts in his best work on this show this season as he has his own personal arc that pits him directly against Colt. Speaking of Colt, Eldard is certainly one of the standouts of this season as he plays Colt with a deadly intelligence mixed with a junkie's desperation. Another standout is Jim Beaver as Shelby. He was one of the standouts on HBO's DEADWOOD (where he also worked alongside Olyphant), and this season proves that his performance there was no fluke. But the golden guest star award of this year of television is Patton Oswalt as Constable Bob. Not only is Oswalt one of the best and smartest comedians around today, he's also proving to be quite the excellent actor. He brings heart, levity, and a surprising amount of courage to this role, and will hopefully be recognized in some way for it.Not only are all the performances great, but the writing and directing for each episode is better than ever. The momentum of this season never lets up for a moment, even when there's a bit of a one-off which showcases Raylan getting revenge for a friend's murder, because while there are things going on in the periphery, they all end up tying together, and that sort of intensity is a very difficult thing to maintain over a thirteen-episode season. However, the staff of this show pull it off and bring the season to a fever pitch exactly as it needed to in some of the most exciting climaxes of a season of TV in recent memory.Let's face it; JUSTIFIED, which has been thankfully renewed for a fifth season, is likely pound-for-pound the best-written, best-acted, most interesting and most entertaining shows on basic cable right now, and this fourth season was the best this show has offered yet."
We've been looking for crime lords in all the wrong places! They're up country in their cabins selling their 'stuff' to penniless neighbors! The Marshal is coming to get them. I dearly love this series..."
This season is just as engaging, if not more so, than the previous three.  Although I cannot foresee future events, I am certain the plot will twist and it will get me by surprise."
Suddenly this series has decided to put in more profanity and nasty talk.  I found this offensive and unnecessary.  Perhaps OK for some, but not for me."
this is simply one of the best shows ever made for TV - great storylines, excellent acting and a true portrayal of W.VA lifestyles"
Raylan does bad things for good reasons all the time.  Well acted, great writing and unbelievable  characters.  Sorry to see it end after this season.  Would suggest going back and watching all of the episodes.  Wish it would continue."
I chose this rating of 5 starts because Timothy Opyphant is a great actor, and you always wonder how he's gonna get out of the predictiment he's in, but somehow he does.  I hate it when he gets beat up though.I would recommend this to adults only.  To much language and fighting for anyone younger."
it has a lot of internal toiles in all the actors that makes them face there morals. as well it makes them change no matter there intensions."
Action pack show that keeps you glued to the TV. Waiting for season 5 to be available for prime members."
I like most of the story line, although the story jumps all over the place. Most of the shows these days are written like soap operas. Its like all of the writers are smoking blunts. I like the actors and they are able to act their parts fairly well. Normally I don't watch shows that you cant follow because too many stories in one."
SUITS IS THE ONLY OTHER TV SHOW THATCOMES CLOSE TO THIS ONE.  YOU  FEEL LIKE YOU ARE PART OF THE GROUP.  THE STORY LINE IS ALWAYS SURPRISING AND THE ACTORS BAT HUNDRED FOR EVERY EPISODE.  SURE HOPE THIS GOES ON FOREVER.  I ALWAYS RECOMMEND THIS ONE TO MY FRIENDS.  IT JUST FLOWS LIKE A RIVER WITH CURVES AND ROUGH WATERS AND A LOT OF HUMOR.  I WILL BUY EVERY EPISODE THAT COMES OUT.  CONGRATULATIONS TO THE CREATERS, WRITERS AND THE SUPERB ACTORS.  THE STUNT PEOPLE SHOULD BE APPLAUDED ALSO.  THE ACTION IS TOTALLY UNENDING."
very entertaining, great characters, great actors, hits the nail on the head, yup that's Kentucky for sure......you just got to believe it....."
I enjoy the complexity of the characters and stories. I like the quirkiness but something about it bothers me and I can't put my finger on what it is."
Love this show...Great actors, good plot. Keeps you wanting more. just wish it didn't take so long to get added to  Amazon!"
This is one of the best series I've seen in years: sharp, intelligent, and great characters.  I hope it keeps coming back."
By far the best drama I have ever seen on TV.  The casting and story lines make me feel like I'm in some backwoods area of Kentucky.  Even the minor characters are amazingly believable.  The main bad guy is truly a BAD guy, but you find yourself liking him at times.  It can be extremely & suddenly violent, but in keeping with the story.  Plus I can now start at Season 1, Episode 1 and follow right along."
we cant get enough of Raylan and Boyd's adventures.  The cast is first rate and the dialog is so good.  Just cant wait for the next episode to see what manner of evilness Raylan has to outwit.  Some of his solutions are are so clever it makes you laugh.  Boyd is so devious, we loved Walter Goggins on The Shield but he is truly in his element in this show.  All the supporting players  are awesome."
Enjoy watching a very savay U S Marshal work his craft in one of the &#34;Under Bellys of society &#34;"
I really like the characters in this show, but thought this season was not quite as good as the first ones, although it still was good and I'd choose it again."
Love the characters and story line which keeos you guessing always! Only thing I don't like is the constant sex scenes. However, different from other sex scenes- you don't see quite as much.  No need- you get the idea."
I am loving the character development for Nick Searcy.  The writers have given him some of the best lines in the show and everything he says makes me laugh."
I have enjoyed justified for several seasons, a good mix of action, macho  mania, andhumor. Olyphant is the idea for this role based on  many shows of this type he has done, you willlike it."
Best tough guy character you could ask for. Excellent story lines and subplots, and the dialogue is outstanding. It's a shame Elmore Leonard is gone."
I liked the story line this season, i feel like it lived up to its promise. Last season was a little wonky, too many whiplash moments. the sneaky touch of patton oswald was a delightful surprise, and the the actor who played the county sherriff is always a delight to watch. It is fun to see so many Deadwood players parading thru this show, and sons of anarchy. the result is lots of quality acting. I like that they brought Rachael to the front a bit more, and the sniper (sorry, drawing a blank on names this moment). His storyline is fascinating. Keep it up folks!!"
Real characters from the darker side of the human existence.  Even the good have a little of their own bad behavior.  Just as in real life nobody is all good or all bad."
Gritty. Riveting. Interesting characters. Great multi-layered storyline. Keeps you wanting more. Love my Amazon Primme  providing excellent series for FREE!"
This show is seriously the best!  Except that Raylan should cut his hair!  It is somewhat distracting to h
I absolutely love this show. We don't have any cable or satellite and when I found all the episodes on Amazon I was thrilled. I love the characters and the story line."
You will be hooked after the very first episode.  Wow... you never know who is going to do what to whom!  I don't know that I have ever seen a series that continually has characters being terminated.  There is a subtle humor in the writing that really works and the acting is exactly what you would expect for the characters from the hills of Kentucky.  I say that with all due respect to growing up in very hard times."
I enjoy this series but was underwhelmed by Season 4.  That said, Episode 11 &#34;Decoy&#34; may be one of the best of the series."
The fourth season of &#8220;Justified&#8221; continues this show&#8217;s greatness with continued coming  great scripts and stories that offer good twists. This season focused more on the local characters and their  interesting eccentricities and traditions, which is more interesting than past times when the emphasis shifted to almost traditional out of town mob villains. The interwoven lives of the characters continues drawing interest. The continuing drama between the good of Raylan and the bad of Boyd continues making both most intriguing characters. For viewers who like a modern day battle between U.S. Marshals and a number of villainous characters who are also trying to put something over each other, this season will be a delight."
This continues to be an outstanding series. The acting is superb; the writing is excellent. A must see for serious viewers."
Loved Timothy Olyphant as the lead. hope to see him in more shows.The 4th season pulls together the other seasons. Hope there are more to come!"
Can't wait to see Season 5! Timothy Olyphant is great in his role as Marshall Givens - love his swagger and his attitude. The writers of this show are fantastic -- great one liners  and dry humor!"
As the seasons go on, the bad guys are worse and the violence more intense (which I don't like) but it's never gratuitous, and the bad guys are whole and fascinating characters (The Following is getting too dark for me, I think because I can't relate to the character of Joe Carroll or his 'followers' at all).  T.Olyphant is underrated as an actor because he's good looking, but he anchors this series solidly, with a sense of humor and a sexy swagger.  The casting is award-worthy and incredibly consistent, but the writing is the invisible magic that makes Justified irresistible."
My husband and I have really enjoyed the series.  It is sometimes gritty but always entertaining. We even had to look Harlan county, KY up on a map."
This series continues to develop interesting and complex characters.  It is dark and sometimes violent, and wanders off from the original premise of Elmore Leonard, but makes good adult viewing.  The characters in the story have some depth, make human decisions that may surprise the viewer, and the story wanders around the dangerous edges of human behavior.  Worth watching.  (Worth reading!)"
The entire Justified series is excellent and the fourth season is no different.  It draws you in with an excellent story and bits of comedy thrown in.  I plan to own the entire series."
Timoth Olyphant does a great acting job in this program. I love the humor, the story twists, the interaction between characters."
Continued story is great, as with season 3 it continues its trend towards more mature images, more nudity more harsh violence. Still worth a watch"
Justified is a great show. Timothy Olyphant is amazing. The show always keeps you guessing and never disappoints. Highly recommended"
Each character on the show demonstrates a sense of entitlement that justifies his or her motivations and actions. They sing a cacophonous chorus of &#34;me me me, now now now&#34;."
I love this program. I am now all caught up and cant wait for next season. Timothy Olyphant is a great actor, I didnt realize he played in so many more shows"
I really enjoyed Jim Beaver's character this season but for me this show never lived up to its promise and my interest is running out of steam. I think because it is so close to a network cop show with quirks, I'm not as interested in the show. I prefer character development and the characters are pretty shallow. Boyd isn't the most interesting of evil villains either. It doesn't seem to logical to let him out and the logical step from season 1 was to just put him in prison. I miss Deadwood."
I love this show !!! Timothy Olyphant is dreamy and I have loved him since Deadwood. The show is dark but at the same time entertaining, I just love the way they converse with one another, the writing is funny. I do miss Raylans relationship with his wife and him since their split."
Once you start watching these shows you get hooked-fast! Action and realistic too-love them-have watched all of these and hope there will be more."
Great show, I hope it stays on Amazon.  I thoroughly enjoy the humor and the interesting characters that are on the show."
Just as intriguing as the earlier seasons.  But some great characters are killed off this season...and are missed, nasty as they were.  Hard to imagine Arlo is pushing up daisies! No one could push Rayland's buttons like Arlo :("
I just can't get enough of Raylyn and his adventures.  Seasons 2 and 3 got me thru the cold weather now I'm up at night watching Season 4.  The twists and turns with new people and new stories tied to familiar characters just keeps me wanting to know &#34;what is going to happen next.&#34;  This is great entertainment and is better than the last season."
Love this show!  The characters, the dialogue, the situations, the resolutions!!  So great.  Boyd Crowder is one of the best TV characters to come along in a decade."
I was forced to watch &#34;Gunsmoke&#34; and &#34;Rawhide&#34; every week as a child. I hated it. I did not think I would voluntarily watch a tv western. This is not a 50's western. It has all the kitsch of the 50's with the topics of today. Timothy Olyphant  is a primo Sheriff.He has personality plus. All the characters are interesting misfits. I watched the first 3 season one after the other. I am doling outSeason 4. Unusually well written and entertaining in every way."
I have watched this good show. The DVDs arrive in good condition. Can't wait for the next season to start."
Not as good as the early seasons but still one of my favorites.  Probably don't have much life left in the series but Timothy Olyphant and the crew make the show anyhow!  Story line is weak to some extent."
Would have given a 5 stars,  but the profanity and sex scenes I don't feel comfortable watching with grandchildren and other family members!"
You never know what they will say or do, the show keeps you on your toes. My Husband I love watching this show for the great acting.  I hope they have a lot more seasons to come!!!"
Season Four is just as good as 1,2,and 3.  I have watched each episode in order, nightly and it is gripping!  The actors in this show are the best I've ever seen.  Highly recommended."
Though this show continues to have some of the best dialogue ever, I found several problems with Season 4.1. Patton Oswalt playing STUPID Constable Bob (or whatever his name was). He was so annoying, I started fast forwarding through his scenes.2. Why in the world did they create the character of Colton Rhodes? All he did was stand around doing nothing other than snorting drugs and acting like an idiot. He must be related to someone on the show who makes decisions. His whole story line was a waste of time.3. The Drew Thompson story went on WAY too long and the conclusion of it was silly.Any scene with Timothy Olyphant in it is great. He's a wonderful actor and has really embraced the Raylan character."
Riveting, great dialogue, plots and acting - this is a series you'll miss when it's gone, storytelling at its finest."
What an amazing show. Raylan is the best bad Marshall you can't help but to love.  Boyd and Raylan chemistry is amazing"
Highly recommend watching.Sorry to hear season five is the last.It will be difficult to replace with a new show, I hope they give it their best.If possible please consider extending the Show seasons, maybe up to Season 9."
Each season seems to get more violent and profane and I question if it is really necessary.  The staging is superb and Raylon is a true hero in his job, but we really don't have to see the steamy bedroom scenes to know that he is one sexy dude.  We swore off for a while to let them cool down but go back from time to time to see another edition.  Glad I don't have kids I'm trying to shield from all this obscenity.  Even so, it is still excellent drama."
Great dialogue, terrific acting, fun plot twists, memorable characters and some great, dark humor.  This is one of my favorite shows ever!"
It did not take long for me to get hooked on these handsome guys.  Boyd is something else, killing one minute and lovingly caring for Eva the next. Taylan has a hard surface is is so likable too! Love it, I'm ready for season 5!"
I love this series and hope that it will continue. Great it a series that keeps you on your toes."
Some episodes better than others.  The best are the Elmor Leonard stories.  Others don't quite measure up to his.  I'm hoping these stories don't have to resort to too many explicit bedroom scenes -(cause I don't need any lessons)and its usually because the story can't carry its own.  I also hope they build up the sharp-shooter partner in the Marshalls office more.  He is a good actor and that part has great potential.  (sorry, can't remember his real name).One other plus in this series is that the music doesn't compete with the speech but rather complements it.  Its also notable that these actors voices are clear; less mumbling, they know how to ennunciate."
My husband says he likes this more than Breaking Bad...I think it's just because it's over now and was tainted by the end. But we watch this together and really do like it a lot."
You'd think I would respect sleep a bit more.  I'm not so sure I &#34;love it&#34; but I'm obviously enthralled watching hours and hours of the series on end.  I have a quirk with such obsessions that applies to books and TV series.  I haven't watched the final episode.  And luckily my memory truly sucks, so after a few weeks I'll have to watch the last two or three episodes I watched before the season concluding episode. Perhaps I could do that until the middle of next season (Thanks FX, The ridiculous networks would have cancelled it long ago since it is popular) and then have short marathons again."
I very much like the characters and plots. True to the late Elmore Leonard's writing and subtle twists in plot lines."
I liked Justified since season one so four was basically more of the same. I'm not a hick from the back woods of anywhere and I don't care for &#34;duck dynasty&#34; but this a good viewing. My only negative is the producers are making the main character seem stupid when it comes to the relationship with the ex. Real men are kind of dumb when it comes to women and their emotions but eventually we get it so dumbing Raylin down takes away from his character in my opinion of course."
Loved this season just as much as seasons 1 through 3. I'm sure the current season is just as exciting. Now to catch up on the cutrent season. Love Amazon Prime. Hope I never run out of interesting programs and movies to watch. And also love all the other benefits of PRIME. It's the ultimate deal. Love Amazon."
Very well written and excellent cast. A  little too much sex and nudity for my taste, but I'm old fashioned.Series is more reflective of an earlier time in that area. Also, should be free for members."
I did not like the profane language.  This season was just as seductive as the episodes from the other seasons."
i stumbled upon this tv series. i enjoyed the very first episode and every one there after. i can hardly wait to see season 5 on amazon prime for free as a member i highly recommend this show"
and a great cast, it's remarkable how the show has taken off and the characters developed from the elmore leonard story &#34;fire in the hole&#34;.  am looking forward to season 5."
love it can't wait for the next season, start watching last year love the story line and is one of the show I recommend. Give A try you might like it."
It keeps getting better and better. Love this show. Wish it was not coming to an end, because it will be sorely missed. Good writing and good talent on TV just doesn't happen every day."
Timothy Olyphant, of Deadwood fame, is a US Marshall in Kentucky. Takes place in the still rural, back woods, parts of Kentucky were villains are abundant. He is quick to the draw but his actions are always &#34;Justified&#34;."
Season 4 has a mystery (the long plot). Strong character driven drama by FX. Can't wait for season 5. Enjoy."
Outstanding dialog, interesting plots and a few real surprises will keep it entertaining episode after episode. Watch it once and you will be hooked."
Justified Season 4 was just awesome.. we watched continued until we were finish with the season - Can't wait until we see Season 5.."
My son introduced me to Justtified when I came to Long Island for a visit...on 3/23/14 ...it is now April 7,2014....in 2 weeks I have watched all 4 seasons...I am in the middle of season 5 now....WOW....great acting!!!!"
I was a very reluctant watcher of this series since it presents a very dark side to American culture, especially in the so called South. However the characters are so well formed and the acting excellent, I started to enjoy it on its own merits and now love the series without thinking too much about how it might reflect on the real world.Timothy Olyphant is modern time US Marshal (actually a deputy Marshal in this series) and his minimalist approach is superb. Flawed, skilled, dumb and intelligent all at the same time, he seems a strange mythical character. Each season of Justifed is devoted to the taking down of a particularly dystopian group of people with a mixture violence, political maneuvering and just plain luck. The accompanying cast are excellent and the whole series fits together well. So far the writers have kept the plots complex enough to be interesting with twists and turns that are revealed as the season progresses. So long as they leave it this way and do not pander to people with a short attention span, this series will survive.My wife and I love this series now and have moved on to series 5 having started at season 1. Thoroughly recommended to people who like interesting characters, reasonable plots and are not put off by the violence and dark dystopian picture it paints of life in the rural south."
What to say....... Raylan justs keeps on gettin' better. Unfortunately, as things go in series, some of the better characters have met their demise and stories start to thin a bit.  Will watch till I can see through it."
Justified is one of the best Series that I've watched.  Every Episode and Season is GREAT!  I just wish that Justified Season 5 would become one of the Amazon Prime collections!  Maybe soon!"
Raylan, is so fine. It's worth just to looking at him. Really interesting a must see. Series quite addictive. Great show!"
goes to show you how protecting someone can get them or you in trouble anyway. Did not see this end coming"
I love to watch this show. It has good actors and a natural style plot. My wife even likes to watch this show with me."
For a show running into its fifth inning, &#34;Justified&#34; continues to fulfill its promise: the characters (big and small) are fully rounded, the story keeps you pumped with interest and excitement, and the dialogue is just some of the most intelligent and fun-to-listen-to words coming out of good actors' mouths since the Golden Age of Hollywood. As an FYI: This season is perhaps a bit more violent than earlier ones - both physical, vicarious and black comedy. There is also a lot of sly, self-directed humor: this show is not above kidding itself. It is also filled with very human characters, with deeply affecting moments that make you care about them. The leads and regulars are, as always, excellent -- but the two relative new-coming main characters (both seen in minor spots in earlier seasons) turn in performances that deserve awards. WELL worth the time spent watching."
I watched all 5 seasons while recovering from an illness, streaming without commercials and i enjoyed all the characters, writing, acting, plot twists.. Excellent show and cannot wait for next season!"
I love this series!! Acting is excellent and you will get so connected to the people .I look forward to next season!"
THE SEGUE FROM EPISODE TO EPISODE IS SEAMLESS. THE ACTING IS CONSISTENTLY EXCELLENT, AND THENEW CHARACTERS ARE VERY GOOD. I'VE BEEN ENJOYING EVERY MINUTE."
This one series is very entertaining. Each week brings something different. I am waiting for the release of the Season 5 series."
Our hero Rayland gets kicked around even more, and his former squeeze, Ava reaches her nadir as a person. But he prevails and she is recoverable. Can the ex-wife really be so cool even when pregnant?"
The first 2 seasons were interesting but then it is like they just had a show to put on and wanted to use the same characters somewhere. Even the actors seemed to have lost interest."
An easy Five Star rating for excellent T.V. viewing. This program is sort of a mix of modern and a touch of old western type justice being dealt out to the bad guys by a bad (a_ _ ) guy himself. Fun to watch. Recommend to all viewers who enjoy good vs. bad type entertainment."
Love this show! For me it can't go wrong.  Raylan is so cool and consistent. The rest of the cast is just as good.  You do have to tolerate gratuitous violence and shooting however. As the show title says, the shootings are &#34;Justified&#34;."
It took a while for Justified season 4 to become available  for free for Amazon Prime subscribers -- so now I can finally get back to where season 3 left off. So far this latest season has NOT disappointed -- still interesting, stories still engrossing. Can still highly recommend Justified."
Great series, started off kind of hillbilly/trailer trash but after it got going...Understand why a boring npr guy like me heard the reviews and got hooked."
Thanks to Amazon for presenting this ti Prime members.I never thought I would like this type of shows, but I have to admit, it is riveting. It was hard to watch one episode. I suppose I do wonder if this life imitating art or is it really art imitating life? It's much better than a reality show because there is a story line.I do recommend it, even with the violence. Adult viewing."
This show continues to entertain, it has superior writers and the actors deliver. They keep the show moving forward in amazing ways.  I highly recommend this show."
We like the series and want to continue to add Seasons from this series until it officially ends which I hope is never."
I've loved justified and Timothy Olyphant since it first aired. Looking forward to season 5. This marshal could go either way and he chose to be on the side of law. Sometimes you see that bad boy come out in him and know he's thinking, geez it would have been easier to be on the other side. Timothy Olyphant is perfect for the character he plays. He's just enough of a bad boy but so naive as to be trusting of strangers, especially women to get himself into heaps of trouble."
This series is one of my all time favorites.  It has never sagged in its momentum.  I will be so down when the series ends."
Drama with a comedic edge.  I didn't understand all that I saw but it was entertaining.  I would be watching Season 5 except Amazon now wants to charge for each show and I feel I am already paying enough."
Always wait impatiently for the new season - promise ourselves we won't binge watch - can't help ourselves, it's so good, WE BINGE WATCH!!!! Now we have to wait again!!! Darn"
Justified is the best show on TV currently, hands down.An action-crime-drama full of great, rounded characters, snappy dialogue and black humor, it keeps you wondering what's coming next. If you want to see quirky, intelligent characters running game on each other, watch this. If you want to see people put to choices they'd rather not make and conflict they didn't see coming, watch this. If you want to see some badasses snark their way through some backwoods mafia messes, watch this.Seriously, watch Justified."
In this show Timothy olyphant shows how we were raised in the south to take of our own business. This show isn't for the kids and it has a little of everything. For the man or woman. Must see"
A great show - but not for the weak of heart! I like all the actors and the story keeps twisting and turning!"
Federal Deputy Marshall Raylan Givens is back for Season 4 and this season (like the others) links back to previous episodes.  HOWEVER, unlike seasons 1, 2, and 3 it is not necessary to have seen the previous seasons for it all to make sense...although it does HELP. The writers of this series have to be tickled with knowing they have such a great plot/story on their hands.  What makes this series great is the believability of all the actors and the storyline.  I'll admit it some parts are a stretch, but being a USMC sergeant and being involved in law enforcement and the courts myself, I have to say that most of the story and character development is completely believable...along with blending in the past history of Harlan county and Raylan's cadre of characters.  I think, this season as well as the previous 3 are all enjoyable for anyone looking for a modern &#34;western&#34; and the right blend of dialogue with action.  Hope this helps."
I have not completed watching this season however, an episode a day is a good prescription.  I did fall prey to the story the other day and watched 3 in a row so I could see what happened!"
Again, as indicated in my comments for Justified Series 2 and 3, I love this series.  Based on Elmore Leonard's short story &#34;Fire in the Hole,&#34; and Elmore Leonard, who passed away recently at the age of 88, is (because his writings will live on) one of my favorite writers.  His genre is one that maybe some of my friends would wonder why I like him and I don't know except to say his writing keeps you interested.  The Justified series, in my opinion, follows very closely to the way he wrote.  I recommend, as long as you don't mind the kind of violence involved in bad guys/girls against bad buys/girls and them against the law.  But start with Season 1 to be able to follow the characters right through."
This is a show that  makes you think. This show also reminds us that just cause ' you have a accent....  doesn't mean  you are dumb!!!"
Who wouldn't love this show! Timothy Olyphant is a total hottie! He really brings it to his character and he has the best people to work with in my opinion! The entire Cast is great!"
I love this series, can not wait to see each episode.  Hate to see it end with season 6.next year."
I have thoroughly enjoyed this series and look forward to more of it. I am hopeful that I will see the stars in additional series, also."
The writing, acting and photography on this show continue to entertain. I love the characters and though the storyline sometimes tends to the more violent than I am comfortable with, the interplay of the personalities keeps me coming back!"
This series is one of the best. It has great acting, and cinematography. The story line is believable albeit a bit stretched, but who knows maybe turn the clock back and imagine."
This is the best show on TV right now.  Great characters and lots of action. I've always been a Timothy Olyphant fan, but I think this is definitely his best work."
Ongoing good storylines and strong characters keep me coming back for more. Very happy that I can get them on my Kindle Fire"
Entertaining with quality acting, good story plots & interesting characters makes this a great show - I hope it continues"
I thoroughly enjoyed Justified 4. All the acting is appropriate for the area and those with small parts were superb. Of course Timothy is my favorite. Too bad I have to pay for Season 5. Not in my budget. Amazon thanks for some outstanding tv series."
I love every issue of this show from Season 1 through Season 4.  I like everything about it and am waiting for Season 5.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes this type of show."
Enjoyed the entire Drew Thompson story line. Very much enjoyed seeing more of Jacob Pitts. The relationship between Boyd and Raylen as dynamic as ever."
Timothy Olyphant, an excellent actor in his own right, has been blessed with a seemingly unending array of equally excellent actors and actresses to work with.  It is not often that a series has an actor who can portray a &#34;bad guy&#34; as more than a cardboard setup for the &#34;hero&#34; to defeat.  This series is all around great plotting, pacing, characterization, cinematography (watch for it) and directing!"
I've never been to Harlan County nor to Kentucky for that matter but when this show comes on I am reminded somehow of the culture and geographical area about which this series is written. The production company and cast members manage to invoke the atmospherics that are generated from particular areas and even though I know it's filmed in California it still manages to transport me to Harlan County. I have finished season #4 and  will stream  season #5  as soon as it's released. Keep it up FX. Please don't cancel."
Raylan is still taking too many beat downs for my liking, but the boy is doing some nasty gun slinging."
My husband and I are huge fans of this show. Best to begin at Season 1 so you get the whole trajectory."
I've always liked Mr. Olyphant. The character he plays in this show is the perfect mix of a-hole and gentleman. Its a fun show to watch!"
really like this series,  my only complaint would be there are times I cannot hear what they are saying.  they must drop their voice.other than that I enjoy the series.  I know it's part of the show, but they seem to always be drinking.  I'm glad the &#34;F&#34; word isn't thrown around, or I would not watch.  the show is great and interesting with out the &#34;F&#34; words. actually much better  since I'm not distracted  with the language."
I started watching this season on Netflix and got hooked, had to buy Season 4 so that I could continue watching!! Great show!!"
Justified continues to impress me.  It seems like every season there is a new storyline and the show never seems to lag.  The show is full of well-developed characters, action, shootouts, and suspense.  If you&#8217;ve never seen the show now&#8217;s the time to start.  Start with season one and work your way through the seasons.  If you&#8217;re like me, it shouldn&#8217;t take you very long."
Timothy Olyphant keeps bringing you back to see what his character, Deputy U.S. Marshall Rayland Givens, will  do next to bring in those elusive fugitives in Harland County, Kentucky. Along the way he attracts some very beautiful women which keeps the show interesting. I cannot wait to see what he does next."
Justified never fails to be entertaining.  Character development is a real strength of this show.  Raylan's great, but his supporting cast just makes it better!"
I'm from Kentucky so I'm very familiar with the Bluegrass Conspiracy story element they wove into the plot this season.Loved it!!"
I began watching this series when Amazon made the first three seasons available on Amazon Prime.  I really have enjoyed watching season 4 and hope that you will eventually add season 5.  Thank you."
It is a real shame this well written and acted series is not going to continue after season five.  An adult show that doesn't insult your intelligence."
